Monopoly	subtitle	The Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game
Hair	subtitle	The American Tribal Love-Rock Musical
Mamma Mia!	subtitle	featuring the songs of ABBA
Gypsy	subtitle	A Musical Fable
Beer pong	subtitle	Drinking Game
Apples to Apples	subtitle	\
Vampire: The Dark Ages	subtitle	A Storytelling Game of Epic Horror
Quarters	subtitle	Drinking Game
The Cingalee	subtitle	or Sunny Ceylon
The Wiz	subtitle	The Super Soul Musical \
Castle Falkenstein	subtitle	High adventure in the steam age
Honk!	subtitle	The musical
The Black Rider	subtitle	The Casting of the Magic Bullets
The Beautiful Game	subtitle	The Boys in the Photograph
Chrononauts	subtitle	The Card Game of Time Travel!
Violence	subtitle	The Role-Playing Game of Egregious and Repulsive Bloodshed
Beer die	subtitle	Drinking Game
Pendragon	subtitle	Chivalric Roleplaying in Arthur's Britain
Man O' War	subtitle	Raging Sea Battles in the World of Warhammer
The Riddle of Steel	subtitle	Roleplaying with an Edge
Terrace	subtitle	The Future of Strategy Games
Anne of Green Gables: The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Big River	subtitle	The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Pokémon Live!	subtitle	Gotta catch 'em
Fantasy Warlord	subtitle	Mass Combat Rules
Jungle	subtitle	鬥獸棋
By Jeeves	subtitle	Jeeves
Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom	subtitle	A Sourcebook of Africa for Vampire: The Masquerade
Chainmail	subtitle	Rules for medieval miniatures
Wicked	subtitle	The Untold Story of the Witches of Oz
Flip cup	subtitle	Drinking Game
Continuum	subtitle	roleplaying in The Yet
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street	subtitle	The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
Star Wars Roleplaying Game	subtitle	Roleplaying Game
Zanna, Don't!	subtitle	A Musical Fairy Tale
!Hero	subtitle	The Rock Opera
Gogo's Crazy Bones	subtitle	Also known as Gogos
Let My People Come	subtitle	A Sexual Musical
Menopause The Musical	subtitle	It's not the 'Silent Passage' anymore!
Star Trek: The Role Playing Game	subtitle	The Role Playing Game
Jekyll & Hyde	subtitle	Strange case of Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde
The Geisha	subtitle	a story of a tea house
Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game	subtitle	The Roleplaying Game
Aria: Canticle of the Monomyth	subtitle	Canticle of the Monomyth
Baker Street	subtitle	A Musical Adventure of Sherlock Holmes
Star Wars: The Interactive Video Board Game	subtitle	Assault on the Death Star
Billy Elliot the Musical	subtitle	The Musical
The Immigrant	subtitle	A New American Musical
Canterbury Tales	subtitle	The Musical
Deliria	subtitle	Faerie Tales for a New Millennium
Legend of the Five Rings Roleplaying Game	subtitle	Roleplaying Game
Fame	subtitle	The Musical
Warhammer 40,000: Rogue Trader	subtitle	Rogue Trader
Falsettoland	subtitle	Original Cast Recording
Dracula, the Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Fantasy Imperium	subtitle	An Interactive Storytelling Game
Beyond the Supernatural	subtitle	(A Role-Playing Game of Contemporary Horror)
Forbidden Broadway: Special Victims Unit	subtitle	Special Victims Unit
Time Lord	subtitle	Adventures through Time and Space
Starship Troopers: The Roleplaying Game	subtitle	The Roleplaying Game
Godlike	subtitle	Superhero Roleplaying
Godlike	subtitle	in a World on Fire, 1936-1946
Snoopy! The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Elasund	subtitle	The First City
Flames of War	subtitle	The World War II Miniatures Game
Cotton Patch Gospel	subtitle	The Greatest Story Ever Retold!
Horus Heresy	subtitle	Collectible card game
Don't Give Up the Ship!	subtitle	Rules for the Great Age of Sail
AT-43	subtitle	No One Escapes War!
Nightingale	subtitle	A New Musical
Weapons of the Gods	subtitle	Wuxia Action Series
Big: the musical	subtitle	the musical
The Maid of Arran	subtitle	An Irish Idyl in 5 Acts
The Survival of St. Joan	subtitle	A Medieval Rock Opera
Rack-O	subtitle	The Classic Rack 'Em and Score Card Game!
Cavaliers and Roundheads	subtitle	The English Civil War
The Wizard of Oz	subtitle	Fred R. Hamlin's Musical Extravaganza
Smokey Joe's Cafe	subtitle	The Songs of Leiber and Stoller
Wild Talents	subtitle	Superhero Roleplayingin a World Gone Mad
Buckaroo!	subtitle	The saddle-stacking game with a moody mule!
Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular	subtitle	A Musical Spectacular
The Fury of Dracula	subtitle	A Boardgame of Gothic Horror
Infinite Joy	subtitle	The Songs of William Finn
Nemesis	subtitle	Roleplaying in Worlds of Horror
A Country Girl	subtitle	or Town and Country
Puteri Gunung Ledang	subtitle	The Musical
Recon	subtitle	(The Roleplaying Game of the Viet Nam War)
Cadwallon	subtitle	Tactical Role Playing in
Cadwallon	subtitle	the World of Confrontation
Card football	subtitle	Premiere Edition
Gentleman Joe	subtitle	The Hansom Cabbie
Dracula – Entre l'amour et la mort	subtitle	Entre l'amour et la mort
Probe	subtitle	4
Thrill Me	subtitle	The Leopold & Loeb Story
Your Arms Too Short to Box with God	subtitle	A Soaring Celebration in Song and Dance
Carrie	subtitle	The Musical
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas! The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Warhammer 40,000 Roleplay	subtitle	Warhammer 40,000 Roleplay
Frankenstein, or The Vampire's Victim	subtitle	or The Vampire's Victim
Hollywood Pinafore	subtitle	or The Lad Who Loved a Salary
Rain: A Tribute to the Beatles	subtitle	A Tribute to the Beatles
Bad Girls: The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Scarlett	subtitle	Gone With The Wind
Chaos Marauders	subtitle	The Manic Game of Orcish Mayhem
Filthy Rich	subtitle	The 3-D game of capitalism
Goth	subtitle	The Game of Horror Trivia
Gutenberg! The Musical!	subtitle	The Musical!
Pivot	subtitle	The Up-Down Card Game
The Robber Bridegroom	subtitle	File:Robber Bridegroom original poster art.jpg
Marilyn: An American Fable	subtitle	An American Fable
Shōgun: The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Cyrano: The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Usagi Yojimbo Role-Playing Game	subtitle	Role-Playing Game
Lego board games	subtitle	The Race to Build it Board Game!
Lego board games	subtitle	Super Speedway Game
Lego board games	subtitle	The Quest Game
Lego board games	subtitle	Unknown
Capes & Cowls	subtitle	Adventures in Wyrd City
Paths of Glory	subtitle	The First World War, 1914-1918
Priscilla, Queen of the Desert	subtitle	The Musical
Valley of the Pharaohs	subtitle	(Role Playing Adventure in Ancient Egypt)
Keating!	subtitle	The Musical We Had To Have
Scandalous: The Life and Trials of Aimee Semple McPherson	subtitle	The Musical
Babylon 5: A Call to Arms	subtitle	Babylon 5 Space Combat
Star Wars PocketModel Trading Card Game	subtitle	Trading Card Game
Chaotic Trading Card Game	subtitle	Enter The Code
The Sorcerer's Cave	subtitle	A game of exploration, magic, and adventure
In a Pickle	subtitle	The What's in a Word Game
Abyssinia	subtitle	The Musical
Shrek The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
TONY! The Blair Musical	subtitle	The Blair Musical
Witch Hunter: The Invisible World	subtitle	The Invisible World
At Home Abroad	subtitle	A Musical Holiday
Rudolf	subtitle	Affaire Mayerling
Dreamspell	subtitle	The Journey of Timeship Earth 2013
Scruples	subtitle	The Game of Moral Dilemmas
The Game	subtitle	Das Spiel
Frankenstein – A New Musical	subtitle	A New Musical
The Perfect Present	subtitle	\
Next Door's Baby	subtitle	Cast Recording
Scarrie! The Musical	subtitle	An Unauthorized Musical Parody
Back to the 80s	subtitle	... The Totally Awesome Musical!
Puppetland	subtitle	A Storytelling Game with Strings in a Grim World of Make-Believe
3 Musketiers	subtitle	De Musical
Never Forget	subtitle	The 'Take That' Musical
Zorro	subtitle	A New Musical by the Gipsy Kings
Betwixt!	subtitle	A Funny Musical
The Addams Family	subtitle	A New Musical Comedy
Aces & Eights: Shattered Frontier	subtitle	Shattered Frontier
Lust 'n Rust	subtitle	The Trailer Park Musical
Cluedo: Discover the Secrets	subtitle	Preceded by Cluedo
Havok	subtitle	This time the victory... or defeat, shall be yours.
Diamonds	subtitle	A new musical revue
Breast Wishes	subtitle	An Uplifting Musical
Boobs! The Musical	subtitle	The World According to Ruth Wallis
Bezzerwizzer	subtitle	the game of trivia, tactics and trickery.
One and One	subtitle	a musical comedy
Scrooge	subtitle	The Musical
Happy Days	subtitle	A New Musical
Catch My Soul	subtitle	with the rock band Gass
Baseball	subtitle	Drinking Game
Cyrano de Bergerac The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Flashdance the Musical	subtitle	The Musical
The Better 'Ole	subtitle	or The Romance of Old Bill
Dark Heresy	subtitle	Warhammer 40,000 Roleplay
Waiting for the Moon	subtitle	An American Love Story
Dead Reign	subtitle	The Zombie Apocalypse
Adonis	subtitle	A Perversion of Common Sense
Dreadnought	subtitle	Surface Combat in the Battleship Era, 1906-45
Zipp!	subtitle	One Hundred Musicals for Less Than the Price of One
See America First	subtitle	A Patriotic Comic Opera
A padlás	subtitle	félig mese – félig musical
The Madwoman of Central Park West	subtitle	an original musical comedy
The Donkey Show	subtitle	A Midsummer Night's Disco
Toy Story: The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
The Squared Circle	subtitle	Wrestling RPG
Leo, the Royal Cadet	subtitle	An entirely new and original military opera
Johnny Baseball	subtitle	The New Red Sox Musical
Matilda the Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Chandragupta	subtitle	Great Battles of the Mauryan Empire, India 319-261 BC
Icing	subtitle	Drinking Game
Eden: the Deceit	subtitle	The Deceit
Credo	subtitle	The Game Of Dueling Dogmas
Rock 'N Roll! The First 5,000 Years	subtitle	The First 5,000 Years
Easter Rising	subtitle	The Musical
Gold Mine	subtitle	The Game of Exploration, Riches & Peril
SCKBSTD	subtitle	a new musical by Bruce Hornsby
The Tik-Tok Man of Oz	subtitle	A Companion Play to The Wizard of Oz
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz	subtitle	A Musical Journey
The Woggle-Bug	subtitle	The Fantastic Fairy Extravaganza
Baby It's You!	subtitle	The Musical
A Little Princess	subtitle	The Musical
Miss 1917	subtitle	The Musical Comedy
Chaplin	subtitle	The Story of Charlie Chaplin
Loaded Questions	subtitle	Expose Your Self
The Slutcracker	subtitle	A Holiday Burlesque
Newsies	subtitle	The Musical
I Dreamed a Dream	subtitle	The Susan Boyle Musical
Bullets and Daffodils	subtitle	The Wilfred Owen Story
Star Wars Roleplaying Game	subtitle	Roleplaying Game
1789: Les Amants de la Bastille	subtitle	Les Amants de la Bastille
Dracula – L'amour plus fort que la mort	subtitle	L'amour plus fort que la mort
Robin des Bois	subtitle	Ne renoncez jamais
Narro	subtitle	A coloured game not only for clowns
An Officer and a Gentleman	subtitle	The Musical
Trial of Strength	subtitle	War on the Eastern Front, 1941 - 45
A Christmas Story: The Musical	subtitle	The Musical
Raggedy Ann	subtitle	The Musical Adventure
I Can't Sing! The X Factor Musical	subtitle	The X Factor Musical
Stephen Ward	subtitle	The Scandal That Shook Society
Made in Dagenham	subtitle	The Musical
Soul Doctor	subtitle	Journey of a Rockstar Rabbi
Charlotte Sweet	subtitle	The Love of Ludlow Ladd
Eclipse	subtitle	New Dawn for the Galaxy
14-18, the musical	subtitle	A Spectacular Musical
Disaster!	subtitle	70.0
On Your Feet!	subtitle	The Story of Emilio & Gloria Estefan
Anne de Bretagne	subtitle	Le Rock Opéra d'Alan Simon
School of Rock	subtitle	The Musical
Exploding Kittens	subtitle	\
Into the Light	subtitle	A Musical in 2 Acts
Hamilton	subtitle	An American Musical
Bungees	subtitle	Also known as Flick to Stick Bungees
Stalking the Night Fantastic	subtitle	Stalking the Night Fantastic
An American in Paris	subtitle	A time of hope. A city of dreams. A love story for the ages.
Rockville 2069: A Rock Musical	subtitle	An Epic Rock Musical
Wizard Staff	subtitle	Drinking Game
The Contender: The Game of Presidential Debate	subtitle	\
Preludes	subtitle	A musical fantasia set in the hypnotized mind of Sergei Rachmaninoff
Lost Treasure	subtitle	Electronic Deep-Sea Diving Game
Dabble	subtitle	The Fast Thinking Word Game
Puzzlage	subtitle	The Jigsaw Word Search Game
Bonza	subtitle	A New Type of Crossword
Mata Hari	subtitle	at the Moulin Rouge
21 Chump Street	subtitle	The Musical
Captain Bloody	subtitle	a rock 'n' roll comedy
Frozen – Live at the Hyperion	subtitle	Live at the Hyperion
Jeb! The Musical	subtitle	An American Disappointment
Murder at the Food Coop	subtitle	A locavore mystery
WordCrex	subtitle	The fair word game
