Columbia Business School	dean	R. Glenn Hubbard
Technical University of Denmark	dean	Martin P. Bendsøe
Technical University of Denmark	dean	Martin Vigild
William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration	dean	Andrew Ainslie
MIT Sloan School of Management	dean	David Schmittlein
College of Creative Studies	dean	Bruce Tiffney
Cooper Union	dean	Richard Stock
Cooper Union	dean	Mike Essl
Cooper Union	dean	Nader Tehrani
INSEAD	dean	Ilian Mihov
Heinz College	dean	Ramayya Krishnan
Albert Einstein College of Medicine	dean	Allen M. Spiegel, M.D.
John F. Kennedy School of Government	dean	Douglas Elmendorf
Haas School of Business	dean	Richard Lyons
UC Berkeley College of Engineering	dean	S. Shankar Sastry
New York University Tandon School of Engineering	dean	Katepalli R. Sreenivasan
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism	dean	Steve Coll
Santa Fe)	dean	Joseph Macfarland, Annapolis
Santa Fe)	dean	Matthew Davis, Santa Fe
Grove City College	dean	David Ayers  & Stacy G. Birmingham
Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs	dean	Cecilia Rouse
Stanford Graduate School of Business	dean	Jonathan Levin
Yale Law School	dean	Robert Post
Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service	dean	Joel Hellman
University of Wisconsin–Barron County	dean	Paul Chase
USC Viterbi School of Engineering	dean	Yannis C. Yortsos
London Business School	dean	Andrew Likierman
School of Advanced Study	dean	Roger Kain
Kellogg School of Management	dean	Sally Blount
Grant Medical College and Sir Jamshedjee Jeejeebhoy Group of Hospitals	dean	Dr. Tatyarao Lahane
Georgetown University Law Center	dean	William Treanor
Nottingham University Business School	dean	Martin Binks
University of Toronto Faculty of Information	dean	Wendy Duff
University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center	dean	J. Gregory Fitz, M.D.
Rotman School of Management	dean	Tiff Macklem
Tufts School of the Museum of Fine Arts	dean	Nancy Bauer
Tuck School of Business	dean	Matthew J. Slaughter
Columbia College, Columbia University	dean	James J. Valentini
Alpert Medical School	dean	Jack A. Elias, M.D.
Indian Institute of Planning and Management	dean	Arindam Chaudhuri
Midwestern University	dean	Teresa A. Dombrowski, Ph.D.
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Mary Cunningham Boyce
UC Davis Graduate School of Management	dean	Ann H. Stevens
Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies	dean	Vali R. Nasr
Peabody College	dean	Camilla Benbow
Peabody Institute	dean	Fred Bronstein, DMA
Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation	dean	Amale Andraos
University of Michigan Law School	dean	Mark D. West
J. Reuben Clark Law School	dean	D. Gordon Smith
Clinton School of Public Service	dean	James Rutherford III
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences	dean	Xiao-Li Meng
Aalto University School of Arts, Design and Architecture	dean	Professor Helena Hyvönen
Harvard Extension School	dean	Huntington D. Lambert
Notre Dame Preparatory High School	dean	Carl Hess
Oxford College of Emory University	dean	Douglas Hicks
UC Berkeley College of Environmental Design	dean	Jennifer Wolch
Mannes School of Music	dean	Richard Kessler
Harvard Graduate School of Design	dean	Mohsen Mostafavi
Saïd Business School	dean	Peter Tufano
University of Connecticut School of Law	dean	Timothy S. Fisher
New York University School of Medicine	dean	Robert I. Grossman
Cass Business School	dean	Marianne W. Lewis
Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management	dean	Mark W. Nelson
New York Law School	dean	Anthony Crowell
Ateneo Law School	dean	Sedfrey Candelaria
Warwick Business School	dean	Andy Lockett
Kogod School of Business	dean	Erran Carmel, PhD, interim dean
Keck School of Medicine of USC	dean	Rohit Varma, M.D., M.P.H., interim
School of Diplomacy and International Relations	dean	Dr. Andrea Bartoli, Ph.D.
American University School of International Service	dean	James M. Goldgeier
Westminster Choir College	dean	Matthew R. Shaftel
Chicago Theological Seminary	dean	Ken Stone
Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar	dean	DeanBaybarsBioEnglish.pdf
Australia and New Zealand School of Government	dean	Professor Gary Banks AO
Indian School of Business	dean	Rajendra Srivastava
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health	dean	Michael J. Klag
George Washington University Law School	dean	Blake Morant
University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine	dean	Edgar Colón MD
Virginia Theological Seminary	dean	Ian Markham
Johns Hopkins School of Medicine	dean	Paul B. Rothman
IESE Business School	dean	Franz Heukamp
Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience	dean	Shitij Kapur
McDonough School of Business	dean	David A. Thomas
Watson School of Biological Sciences	dean	Alexander Gann
Temple University Beasley School of Law	dean	Gregory Mandel
USC Marshall School of Business	dean	James G. Ellis
Cardiff University School of Medicine	dean	John Bligh
AFI Conservatory	dean	Jan Schütte
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance	dean	Aaron Dworkin
Antonin Scalia Law School	dean	Henry N. Butler
Washington College of Law	dean	Camille A. Nelson
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University	dean	
Paul M. Hebert Law Center	dean	Tom Galligan
University of Maine School of Law	dean	Danielle Conway
University of Wisconsin Law School	dean	Margaret Raymond
MSU Faculty of Computational Mathematics and Cybernetics	dean	Professor
MSU Faculty of Computational Mathematics and Cybernetics	dean	Academician RAS
MSU Faculty of Computational Mathematics and Cybernetics	dean	Evgeny Moiseev
IE Business School	dean	Santiago Iñiguez
Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Qatar	dean	Gerd Nonneman
ALBA Graduate Business School	dean	index.asp?prof id=9
Facultad de Ciencias Exactas, Ingeniería y Agrimensura	dean	Oscar Peire
Cambridge Judge Business School	dean	Christoph Loch
University of Miami School of Law	dean	Patricia D. White
Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine	dean	Pascal Goldschmidt, MD
UC Berkeley Graduate School of Education	dean	Elliot Turiel
UCLA Anderson School of Management	dean	Judy D. Olian
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts	dean	Andrew D. Martin
Emmaus Bible College	dean	Israel Chavez
University of Cincinnati College of Law	dean	jennifer-s-bard
Albany Law School	dean	Alicia Ouellette
Jesuit School of Theology of Santa Clara University	dean	Rev. Thomas J. Massaro, S.J
UBC Sauder School of Business	dean	Robert Helsley
Chennai Mathematical Institute	dean	Madhavan Mukund
University of California, Berkeley School of Information	dean	AnnaLee Saxenian
Ohio State University, Mansfield Campus	dean	Stephen M. Gavazzi
Ohio State University, Newark Campus	dean	William L. MacDonald
Asper School of Business	dean	689.htm
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary	dean	Rabbi Menachem Penner
Moritz College of Law	dean	Alan C. Michaels
Humphrey School of Public Affairs	dean	Eric P. Schwartz
School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University	dean	Merit Janow
Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center	dean	hillemeier
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology	dean	1
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology	dean	2
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology	dean	3
IAE Universidad Austral	dean	Gabriel Noussan
Ida Crown Jewish Academy	dean	Rabbi Leonard Matanky
Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs	dean	Angela Evans
Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	dean	Dennis S. Charney, MD
Monash University, Parkville campus	dean	Professor Bill Charman
Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University	dean	Udom Kachintorn, M.D.
University of Chicago School of Social Service Administration	dean	Neil B. Guterman
McGill University Faculty of Medicine	dean	David Eidelman
James Madison College	dean	Sherman Garnett
Robert R. McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Julio M. Ottino http://www.mccormick.northwestern.edu/about/leadership/dean_julio_ottino.html
Ariel University	dean	Shmuel Shacham
McMaster Faculty of Health Sciences	dean	John G. Kelton
Jack Baskin School of Engineering	dean	Alexander L. Wolf
Marriott School of Management	dean	Lee Tom Perry
Boston University School of Theology	dean	Mary Elizabeth Moore
MSU Faculty of Geography	dean	Sergei Dobrolyubov
Vanderbilt University School of Nursing	dean	Linda Norman
Martin J. Whitman School of Management	dean	S.P. Raj
Charleston School of Law	dean	Andrew L. Abrams
UCL Faculty of Laws	dean	Hazel Genn
Brody School of Medicine at East Carolina University	dean	Paul R. G. Cunningham, M.D., F.A.C.S.
Seton Hall University School of Law	dean	Kathleen M. Boozang
University of Texas School of Law	dean	Ward Farnsworth
University of Virginia College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Ian Baucom
Duke University School of Medicine	dean	Nancy Andrews
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA	dean	Kelsey Martin
Monash University Faculty of Law	dean	Bryan Horrigan
University of Washington School of Public Health	dean	Howard Frumkin
University of Michigan School of Information	dean	Thomas Finholt
Leeds School of Medicine	dean	Professor Paul Stewart
Leicester Medical School	dean	Professor Nick JM London
Energy and Environmental Security Initiative	dean	David Getches, Dean and Raphael Moses Professor of Law
Warwick Medical School	dean	Professor Sudhesh Kumar
Elliott School of International Affairs	dean	Reuben Brigety
Robert H. Smith School of Business	dean	Alexander J. Triantis
Rice University School of Architecture	dean	Sarah Whiting
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Michael Greaves
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Royal College of Pathologists
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Royal College of Physicians
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow
College of the University of Chicago	dean	John W. Boyer
Weill Cornell Medicine	dean	Augustine M. K. Choi
University of Virginia School of Medicine	dean	David S. Wilkes
UIUC College of Education	dean	Mary Kalantzis
University of California, Irvine School of Medicine	dean	Howard Federoff, M.D.
Royal	dean	Sir John Savill
UNSW Faculty of Law	dean	George Williams
University of Cincinnati College of Design, Architecture, Art, and Planning	dean	staff.html?eid=probstr&thecomp=uceprof
S P Jain School of Global Management	dean	John Lodewijks, Dean, Undergraduate
S P Jain School of Global Management	dean	Preetha George
S P Jain School of Global Management	dean	Balakrishna Grandhi
S P Jain School of Global Management	dean	Indu Niranjan
Willamette University MBA	dean	Debra Ringold
Valparaiso University School of Law	dean	Andrea Lyon
University of Cincinnati – College-Conservatory of Music	dean	Peter Landgren
TIFR Centre for Applicable Mathematics	dean	G D V Gowda
McGill University Faculty of Dentistry	dean	Paul Allison
Desautels Faculty of Management	dean	Isabelle Bajeux-Besnainou
Vanderbilt University College of Arts and Science	dean	Carolyn Dever
University of Alberta School of Business	dean	Joseph Doucet
PLM Graduate School of Law	dean	Justice Angelina Sandoval-Gutierrez
University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Education	dean	Diana Hess
University of Wisconsin–Sheboygan	dean	Jackie Joseph-Silverstein, Ed.D.
Jackson School of Geosciences	dean	Sharon Mosher
Robert D. Clark Honors College	dean	Terry Hunt
Catholic Theological Union	dean	Sister Barbara E. Reid, O.P., Ph.D.
Gonzaga University School of Law	dean	Jane B. Korn
ASU College of Public Service & Community Solutions	dean	Jonathan Koppell
Sydney Law School	dean	Joellen Riley
J. Mack Robinson College of Business	dean	Richard D. Phillips
Fundação Dom Cabral	dean	Wagner Furtado Veloso
University of Michigan School of Education	dean	Deborah Loewenberg Ball
Purdue Polytechnic Institute	dean	Gary Bertoline
University of the Philippines College of Science	dean	Jose Maria P. Balmaceda, Ph.D.
Maastricht School of Management	dean	Prof. Wim A. Naudé, PhD
University of Gastronomic Sciences	dean	Piercarlo Grimaldi
Saint Louis University School of Law	dean	Michael A. Wolff
Georgia Institute of Technology College of Design	dean	Steven P. French
Georgia Institute of Technology College of Computing	dean	Zvi Galil
Georgia Institute of Technology College of Engineering	dean	Gary S. May
Rensselaer at Hartford	dean	John A. Minasian, Ph.D. http://www.rpi.edu/president/cabinet/minasian.htmlhttp://news.rpi.edu/update.do?artcenterkey=931&setappvar=page(1)
University of the East College of Law	dean	Willard B. Riano, Ll.B.
Shri Bhausaheb Hire Government Medical College, Dhule	dean	Dr.S.S.Gupta
Macdonald Campus	dean	Anja Geitmann
Schulich School of Music	dean	Julie E. Cumming
Divine Word Seminary	dean	Fr. Randolf Flores, SVD, SSL, PhD and STD
Yale School of Art	dean	Marta Kuzma
Institute of Medicine, Nepal	dean	Rakesh prasad Shrivastav
New York University Stern School of Business	dean	Peter Blair Henry
University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center	dean	Tina F. Whalen, EdD
University of Michigan College of Pharmacy	dean	James T. Dalton
Texas Tech University College of Architecture	dean	Andrew Vernooy
American University of the Caribbean	dean	William F. Owen, MD, FACP
Syms School of Business	dean	default.aspx?id=mpava
American University School of Public Affairs	dean	Barbara S. Romzek
American University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Dr. Peter Starr
University of Maryland School of Public Policy	dean	Robert C. Orr
Higher College of Technology	dean	Dr.Khalid Ambusaidi
ASU College of Liberal Arts and Sciences	dean	Patrick J. Kenney
University of Minnesota College of Science and Engineering	dean	Steven L. Crouch http://www.it.umn.edu/about/crouch.html
Fairfield University Dolan School of Business	dean	Donald E. Gibson
Mir Yeshiva	dean	Eliezer Yehuda Finkel
Boston College School of Theology and Ministry	dean	Thomas D. Stegman, S.J.
Irell & Manella Graduate School of Biological Sciences	dean	John J. Rossi, Ph.D.
Rutgers School of Law – Newark	dean	Ronald Chen
Faculty of Medicine, Naresuan University	dean	Assoc. Prof. Sirikasem Sirilak, MD
McCourt School of Public Policy	dean	Edward B. Montgomery
Tulane School of Architecture	dean	Kenneth A. Schwartz
Tulane School of Architecture	dean	FAIA
Durham University School of Medicine, Pharmacy and Health	dean	APS Hungin OBE
East Carolina University School of Dental Medicine	dean	Dr. Gregory Chadwick, DDS, MS
Notre Dame School of Architecture	dean	Michael Lykoudis
Duquesne University School of Law	dean	Nancy Perkins
Fairfield University Egan School of Nursing and Health Studies	dean	Meredith Wallace Kazer
Ira A. Fulton College of Engineering and Technology	dean	Alan R. Parkinson
Kellstadt Graduate School of Business	dean	Ray Whittington
Wayne State University Law School	dean	Jocelyn Benson
Penn State College of Information Sciences and Technology	dean	Andrew Sears
South Asia Theological Research Institute	dean	The Rev. P. G. George, Th.D.
John Wesley College	dean	Dion Forster
Universidad de Mendoza	dean	Salvador B. Navarría PhD
Boston University School of Medicine	dean	Karen H. Antman
Paris School of Economics	dean	Pierre-Yves Geoffard
University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health	dean	Robert N. Golden
University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health	dean	Doctor of Medicine
Boston University School of Education	dean	Hardin L.K. Coleman
Liberty University School of Law	dean	Rena Lindevaldsen
Faculty of Science, Mahidol University	dean	Prof. Skorn Mongkolsuk Ph.D.
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee College of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Brett Peters
Whitacre College of Engineering	dean	Albert Sacco
Rotterdam Business School	dean	Drs. C.
Franciscan School of Theology	dean	Br. William J. Short, OFM
Texas Tech University College of Media & Communication	dean	David D. Perlmutter
Whiting School of Engineering	dean	T.E. Schlesinger
Zanvyl Krieger School of Arts and Sciences	dean	Beverly Wendland
Carey Business School	dean	Bernard T. Ferrari
Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs	dean	John Graham
CAP College Foundation	dean	Angel Alcala, Ph.D.
Far Eastern University Institute of Law	dean	Mel Sta. Maria
Antwerp Management School	dean	Paul Matthyssens
Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences	dean	Bruce Dubin, D.O., J.D.
Maastricht Graduate School of Governance	dean	Prof. dr. Bart Verspagen
University of Pennsylvania School of Design	dean	Marilyn Jordan Taylor
Ateneo School of Government	dean	Antonio G. M. La Viña, J.S.D.
Savannah State University College of Business Administration	dean	Mostafa Sarhan
University of Santo Tomas Graduate School	dean	Prof. Marilu R. Madrunio, PhD
Northwestern University School of Education and Social Policy	dean	Penelope Peterson
Calloway School of Business and Accountancy	dean	Steven Reinemund
Priyadarshini College of Engineering	dean	Dr. J. P. Modak,
Priyadarshini College of Engineering	dean	Dr. K. S. Zakiuddin,
Priyadarshini College of Engineering	dean	Dr. M. M. Nanoti,
Priyadarshini College of Engineering	dean	Dr. H. Hazare,
Priyadarshini College of Engineering	dean	AICTE/DTE Coordinator
Ateneo School of Medicine and Public Health	dean	Manuel M. Dayrit, MD, MSc
NATO School	dean	Col. Timothy Dreifke, USAF
Caraga State University – Cabadbaran	dean	Marilyn Castillo Ed. D
Scripps Research Institute Graduate Program	dean	James R. Williamson
Shalhevet High School	dean	Mr. Jason Feld
Lyman Ward Military Academy	dean	LTC Jeff Damron
Graduate School of International Corporate Strategy	dean	Kazuo Ichijo
James Madison University College of Business	dean	Dr. Mary Gowan
Georgetown College	dean	Chester Gillis
Charlotte School of Law	dean	Jay Conison
College of Music, Mahidol University	dean	Sugree Charoensook
Junípero Serra High School	dean	Dwan Hurt
MIT School of Architecture and Planning	dean	Hashim Sarkis
Fairfield University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Yohuru Williams
University of California, Irvine School of Law	dean	Erwin Chemerinsky
UCLA College of Letters and Science	dean	Humanities: Tim Stowell
UCLA College of Letters and Science	dean	Life Sciences: Victoria Sork
UCLA College of Letters and Science	dean	Physical Sciences: Joseph Rudnick
UCLA College of Letters and Science	dean	Social Sciences: Alessandro Duranti
UCLA College of Letters and Science	dean	Undergraduate Education: Judith L. Smith
Vanderbilt University School of Engineering	dean	Philippe Fauchet
National University of Equatorial Guinea	dean	Federico Edjo Ovono
Blair School of Music	dean	Mark Wait
Purdue University College of Liberal Arts	dean	David Reingold
Purdue University College of Education	dean	Maryann Santos de Barona
Purdue University College of Engineering	dean	Leah Jamieson
George Mason University School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs	dean	
Vanderbilt University School of Medicine	dean	Jeff Balser
NCKU IMBA	dean	Yu-Hern Chang
Purdue University College of Health and Human Sciences	dean	Christine Ladisch
University of Cincinnati College of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Teik Lim
University of Edinburgh Medical School	dean	Sir John Savill
Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy	dean	Kishore Mahbubani
Andrew Young School of Policy Studies	dean	mary-beth-walker.html
Penn State College of Communications	dean	marie-hardin
University of the Philippines College of Engineering	dean	Aura C. Matias, Ph. D.
Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University	dean	Prof. Suthipong Wacharasindhu, MD
IAE Lyon	dean	Jérôme Rive
UIC College of Business Administration	dean	Michael Mikhail
University of Freiburg Faculty of Medicine	dean	Kerstin Krieglstein, PhD
Columbia University School of Professional Studies	dean	Jason Wingard
University of Oregon School of Architecture and Allied Arts	dean	Brook Muller
Mannheim Business School	dean	Jens Wüstemann
University of Illinois at Chicago College of Engineering	dean	Peter Nelson
Wisconsin School of Business	dean	19549
IEDC-Bled School of Management	dean	Dr. Danica Purg
UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Jayathi Murthy
Josef Korbel School of International Studies	dean	Christopher R. Hill
Faculty of Political Science, Chulalongkorn University	dean	Assoc. Prof. Ake Tangsupvattana, PhD
ANU College of Law	dean	Professor Stephen Bottomley
International School of Software, Wuhan University	dean	Huaibei Zhou
Heider College of Business	dean	Dr. Anthony Hendrickson
College of William & Mary School of Education	dean	index.php
Faculty of Law, University of Belgrade	dean	Sima Avramović
Harvard Business School	dean	Nitin Nohria
Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University	dean	Winit Puapraditt, M.D.
Amsterdam University College	dean	Prof. Dr. Murray Pratt
John B. Goddard School of Business & Economics	dean	message from the dean.html
Cal Poly Pomona College of Environmental Design	dean	Michael Woo
William E. Macaulay Honors College	dean	Dr. Mary C. Pearl
David Eccles School of Business	dean	index.hml
ASU School of Sustainability	dean	Christopher G. Boone
Purdue University College of Pharmacy	dean	Craig K. Svensson, Pharm.D., Ph.D.
University of Santo Tomas College of Architecture	dean	Arch. John Joseph T. Fernández, UAP, MS
Tulane University School of Science and Engineering	dean	nicholas-altiero-dean.cfm
Newcomb–Tulane College	dean	deansoffice.html
Michigan State University College of Nursing	dean	Randolph F. R. Rasch, PhD, RN, FAANP
FIU Robert Stempel College of Public Health and Social Work	dean	Tomás R. Guilarte
Cumberland School of Law's Center for Biotechnology, Law, and Ethics	dean	John L. Carroll
Don Bosco College, Canlubang	dean	Fr. Nesty Pidazo, SDB
University of Santo Tomas College of Nursing	dean	Assoc. Prof. Susan N. Maravilla, R.N., M.A.N.
Purdue University College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences	dean	Craig K. Svensson
Bard College Berlin	dean	Catherine Toal
Parks College of Engineering, Aviation and Technology	dean	Michelle B. Sabick
Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business	dean	Xiang Bing
George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences	dean	Jeffrey S. Akman
University of Utah College of Engineering	dean	Richard B. Brown
Purdue University College of Agriculture	dean	Jay Akridge
Seattle University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Default.aspx?id=45534
Maurice H. Kornberg School of Dentistry	dean	Amid I. Ismail
San Agustin Institute of Technology	dean	College: Aida C. Selecios
TC Beirne School of Law	dean	Sarah Derrington
Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management	dean	Bruno van Pottelsberghe
ESME-Sudria	dean	Véronique Bonnet
The Dickson Poon School of Law	dean	David Caron
Maharaja Agrasen College of Engineering and Technology	dean	Prof.Omkar Singh
Government Medical College	dean	Ashok Shinde
Graduate School of Economics, Finance, and Management	dean	Professor Michael Binder, Ph.D.
University High School of Science and Engineering	dean	hadad.html
Maharashtra Institute of Medical Science and Research, Latur	dean	Dr. A.G. Chandorkar
Van Xuan University of Technology	dean	Prof. Dr. Đái Duy Ban
Abilene Christian University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Gregory Straughn
Makerere University School of Public Health	dean	William Bazeyo
Women's College of the University of Denver	dean	lgangone
Faculty of Sociology and Anthropology, Thammasat University	dean	Asst. Prof. Jirapa Varasiangsuk
Milken Institute School of Public Health	dean	Lynn R. Goldman, MD, MPH
University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine	dean	Douglas L. Wood, D.O., Ph.D.
Western University College of Podiatric Medicine	dean	Lawrence B. Harkless, DPM
Australian School of Advanced Medicine	dean	
Berlin School of Library and Information Science	dean	Michael Seadle
Faculty of Engineering, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof.Leelananda Rajapaksha
University of Santo Tomas Faculties of Ecclesiastical Studies	dean	Rev. Fr. Richard G. Ang, OP, PhD
University of Santo Tomas Faculties of Ecclesiastical Studies	dean	Rev. Fr. Jose Ma. B. Tinoko, O.P., JCD
Oman Medical College	dean	Saleh Al Khusaiby
Liberal Arts and Sciences at Tilburg University	dean	Prof.Dr. Alkeling van Lenning,
EHESP	dean	Laurent Chambaud
Balaji Institute of Modern Management Pune	dean	Dr.  A. Balasubramanian
Balaji Institute of Telecom and Management Pune	dean	Dr.Col.A. Balasubramanian
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio	dean	Mario Botta
Central Philippine University College of Medicine	dean	Dr. Henry Gonzales
ITU School of Civil Engineering	dean	Prof. Dr. Gaye Onursal Denli
ITU School of Architecture	dean	Prof. Dr. Sinan Mert Şener
ITU School of Mechanical Engineering	dean	Prof. Dr. Ata Muğan
ITU School of Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering	dean	Prof. Dr. Ali İhsan Aldoğan
ITU School of Aeronautics and Astronautics	dean	Prof. Dr. Fevzi Unal
USC School of Architecture	dean	Qingyun Ma
BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications	dean	Stephen M. Jones
Ibrict	dean	Abdullah Al Maskari
ITU School of Textile Technologies and Design	dean	Prof. Dr. Emel Onder Karaoglu
University of Belgrade Faculty of Philology	dean	Aleksandra Vraneš
ITU School of Mines	dean	Prof. Dr. Fatma Arslan
ITU School of Maritime	dean	Prof. Dr. Oguz Salim Sogut
ITU Turkish Music State Conservatory	dean	Prof. Dr. Cihat Askin
Faculty of Administration, Ljubljana	dean	Janez Stare
UAMS Northwest	dean	Peter O. Kohler, M.D.
Geneva Medical College	dean	Edward Cutbush, MD
Faculty of Arts, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof. A.M. Navarathna Bandara
University of Mississippi School of Law	dean	Deborah H. Bell
The English School	dean	Charles Weston, OBE
Faculty of Science, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof. S.H.P.P. Karunaratne
Faculty of Medicine, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof. vajira S. Weerasinghe
Haskayne School of Business	dean	Jim Dewald
Georgia Institute of Technology	dean	John Stein
Rutgers School of Management and Labor Relations	dean	Susan J. Schurman
UCL Faculty of Mathematical and Physical Sciences	dean	Professor Richard Catlow
Blavatnik School of Government	dean	Ngaire Woods
Faculty of Medicine, Diponegoro University	dean	Tri Nur Kristina, Prof. M.D.
University School of Information, Communication and Technology	dean	drcsrai.htm
Hacettepe University Medical School	dean	Prof. Dr. Çağatay Güler
Vilnius University Faculty of Communication	dean	Andrius Vaišnys
Centre de Formation Médicale du Nouveau-Brunswick	dean	Dr Aurel Schofield
Frontier Medical College	dean	Prof. Dr. Gul Muhammad
Khazar University School of Humanities and Social Sciences	dean	Jabir Khalilov, SJD
SIUE School of Pharmacy	dean	Gireesh Gupchup
University of Auckland Faculty of Science	dean	Professor Grant Guilford
Faculty of Agriculture, University of Peradeniya	dean	Dr. K Samarasinghe
Faculty of Veterinary Medicine & Animal Science, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof. H.B.S. Ariyarathne
Faculty of Dental Sciences, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof. W.M. Tilakaratne
Faculty of Allied Health Sciences, University of Peradeniya	dean	Prof. D.B.M. Wickramarathne
Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine	dean	Steven Lee Berk, MD
UC Riverside School of Medicine	dean	Deborah V. Deas, M.D.
Hutton Honors College	dean	Andrea Ciccarelli
University School of Chemical Technology	dean	arinjay.htm
Institute of Business Administration, Karachi	dean	
Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy	dean	James G. Stavridis
Duke University School of Law	dean	David F. Levi
Bush School of Government and Public Service	dean	Mark Welsh
Faculty of Economics, Ljubljana	dean	Metka Tekavčič
VCU School of the Arts	dean	Joseph H. Seipel
London School of Commerce	dean	
Faculty of Arts, Banaras Hindu University	dean	Pro. Kumar Pankaj
SMU School of Law	dean	yeo-tiong-min
A.T. Still University School of Osteopathic Medicine in Arizona	dean	Kay Kalousek, DO
University of Edinburgh Academy of Government	dean	Charlie Jeffery
Elmezzi Graduate School of Molecular Medicine	dean	Bettie Steinberg
Berlin Graduate School for Transnational Studies	dean	Markus Jachtenfuchs
Western CUNA Management School	dean	Dr. Michael Steinberger
The College at Southeastern	dean	Jamie K. Dew
Dar al-Mustafa	dean	Habib Umar bin Hafiz
Liautaud Graduate School of Business	dean	Michael Mikhail
Faculty of Medicine, Princess of Naradhiwas University	dean	ACM. Ouichai Pleangprasiti, MD
Bayan College for Science & Technology	dean	Jafar Mohammed Bashir
Silliman University Divinity School	dean	Dr. Lope B. Robin
Silliman University Divinity School	dean	Bachelor of Theology
Silliman University Divinity School	dean	Master of Divinity
Silliman University Divinity School	dean	Master of Theology
Institute of Business & Technology, Karachi	dean	M. A. Khan
Louisiana State University Business Education Complex	dean	Biography.aspx
Stony Brook University School of Medicine	dean	Kenneth Kaushansky
ALTIS – Postgraduate School Business & Society	dean	Mario Molteni
Graduate School of Economics and International Relations	dean	Vittorio Emanuele Parsi
Glasgow School for Business and Society	dean	John Wilson
Dodge College of Film and Media Arts	dean	Bob Bassett
Minerva Schools at KGI	dean	Stephen Kosslyn
Princeton University School of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Emily A. Carter
Central Philippine University College of Law	dean	Atty. Zacarias Bedona, Jr., LL.B., MM-PM
Faculty of Dentistry, Chulalongkorn University	dean	Assistant Prof. Suchit Poolthong, DDS
University of Missouri College of Agriculture, Food and Natural Resources	dean	Thomas L. Payne
Adamson University College of Law	dean	Alicia Austria-Martinez
Augustine College	dean	Andrew P. W. Bennett
Faculty of Medicine, ÇOMÜ	dean	Prof. Dr. Yavuz Demiraran
McMaster University Medical School	dean	Paul O'Byrne
University of Montenegro Faculty of Political Sciences	dean	Saša Knežević, Ph.D.
University of Montenegro Faculty of Applied Physiotherapy	dean	Sofija Žitnik-Sivački
University of Montenegro Faculty of Philosophy	dean	Blagoje Cerović
Faculty for Interdisciplinary Research and Continuing Education	dean	Verena Winiwarter
University of Montenegro Faculty of Fine Arts	dean	Milena Jovićević
University of Montenegro Faculty of Medicine	dean	Goran Nikolić
University of Montenegro Faculty of Drama	dean	Radmila Vojvodić
University of Montenegro Faculty of Biotechnology	dean	Natalija Perović
Duke Kunshan University	dean	Liu Jingnan
University of Montenegro Faculty of Law	dean	Drago Radulović
Jessenius Faculty of Medicine	dean	Prof. Ján Danko, M.D., PhD.
University of Montenegro Faculty for Sport and Physical Education	dean	Duško Bjelica
Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine	dean	Professor Gabriel Matthew Leung
University of North Dakota College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Debbie Storrs
University of Washington School of Nursing	dean	Pamela Mitchell
Helen Way Klingler College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Philip J. Rossi, S.J.
Acıbadem University School of Medicine	dean	Prof. Dr. Yasemin Alanay
IPMI International business school	dean	Prof. Roy Sembel, Ph.D
University at Buffalo School of Engineering and Applied Sciences	dean	Liesl Folks
IE School of International Relations	dean	Arantza de Areilza
Institute of Paper Science and Technology	dean	Norman Marsolan
Institute of Paper Science and Technology	dean	(Executive Director)
Faculty of Science, University of Zagreb	dean	Professor
Faculty of Science, University of Zagreb	dean	Zoran Curić
Faculty of Science, University of Zagreb	dean	PhD
Parker H. Petit Institute for Bioengineering & Bioscience	dean	Robert E. Guldberg
Parker H. Petit Institute for Bioengineering & Bioscience	dean	(Executive Director)
School of Medicine, Siam University	dean	Asst. Prof. Dr. Chookiet Asawanich, MD
Constantine the Philosopher University in Nitra	dean	Prof. Libor Vozár, CSc.
King Saud University College of Medicine	dean	Prof. Fahad Abdullah Al Zamil
University of California, Irvine School of Education	dean	Richard Arum
Radzyner Law School	dean	Sharon Rabin-Margaliot
Faculty of Foreign Languages	dean	Ginka Bogdan Ivanovych
Wayne State University College of Engineering	dean	Farshad Fotouhi
Balaji Institute of International Business	dean	A. Balasubramanian
MSU Graduate School of Business Administration	dean	Oleg Vikhanskiy
Universiteti i Prishtinës Faculty of Arts	dean	Adem Rusinovci
School for Conflict Analysis and Resolution	dean	Kevin Avruch
University of Texas School of Biomedical Informatics	dean	deans-message.htm
Erasmus University College	dean	Maarten Frens
George Washington University College of Professional Studies	dean	Ali Eskandarian
Khadim Ali Shah Bukhari Institute of Technology	dean	Dr. Noor Ahmed Memon
Julio C. Teehankee	dean	College of Liberal Arts, De La Salle University, Manila
Penn State Law	dean	James W. Houck
University of Oregon College of Arts and Sciences	dean	W. Andrew Marcus
Faculty of Humanities, University of Mostar	dean	Zoran Tomić
University of Texas at Austin School of Social Work	dean	Luis H. Zayas
Charles H. Lundquist College of Business	dean	james-terborg
Strathmore Business School	dean	George Njenga
University of Oregon College of Education	dean	randy-kamphaus
Dell Medical School	dean	Clay Johnston
Frederick S. Pardee School of Global Studies	dean	Adil Najam
Barbara Jordan - Mickey Leland School Of Public Affairs	dean	Robert D. Bullard
Faculty of Commerce, Banaras Hindu University	dean	Professor A. R. Tripathi
Faculty of Education, Banaras Hindu University	dean	Dr. S. B. Bhattacharya
Faculty of Law, Banaras Hindu University	dean	Prof. D. K. Sharma
Faculty of Performing Arts, Banaras Hindu University	dean	Prof. Birendra Nath Mishra
Dhurakij Pundit University International College	dean	page.php?act=PROFILE&id=33
CUNY School of Medicine	dean	Maurizio Trevisan
Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine	dean	Lawrence G. Smith
Faculty of Theology, Aligarh Muslim University	dean	Prof. Syed Ali Mohammad Naqvi
Faculty of Sanskrit Vidya Dharma Vigyan, Banaras Hindu University	dean	Professor G. A. Sastri
Faculty of Political Sciences at Sakarya University	dean	Hamza Al
Virginia Tech Pamplin College of Business	dean	Robert Sumichrast
Oxford University Medical School	dean	Alastair Buchan
College of horticulture mudigere	dean	Dr.D.Madaiah
