America the Beautiful	description	Performed by the United States Navy Band and Sea Chanters, arr. Carmen Dragon
America the Beautiful	description	United States Army Band Brass version
Accordion	description	A sample of effects that can be achieved with the bellows—949 KB
Accordion	description	A 1916 recording of \
Accordion	description	Chords being played on an accordion – 145 KB
Accordion	description	Audio clip of the same octave cycled through five different timbres  – 676 KB
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990	description	--07-26
Amazing Grace	description	This version also includes Newton's sixth verse, which is uncommon in recordings. This recording was made for the American Folklife Center  and is in the U.S. Library of Congress
Amazing Grace	description	This recording was done for the Archive of American Folk-Song in Livingston, Alabama in 1939, and is in the U.S. Library of Congress
Amazing Grace	description	Collins transitions from her solo voice to the chorus backing her up
Amazing Grace	description	A lone bagpipe transitions to a chorus of pipes and drums, similar to Collins' version
Amazing Grace	description	\
Amazing Grace	description	\
Antonio Vivaldi	description	A 2000 live performance by Wichita State University Chamber Players.
Apollo 13	description	--04-14
Astrology	description	Mars, performed by the US Air Force Band
Astrology	description	Venus, performed by the US Air Force Band
Astrology	description	Mercury, performed by the US Air Force Band
Astrology	description	Jupiter, performed by the US Air Force Band
Astrology	description	Uranus, performed by the US Air Force Band
Aaliyah	description	The first single released from her second studio album, \
Aaliyah	description	Timbaland's stuttering, idiosyncratic productions challenged Aaliyah to reveal her artistic personality more than she had on R. Kelly's smoother musical settings.
Additive synthesis	description	A bell-like sound generated by additive synthesis of 21 inharmonic partials
Aramaic language	description	The Lord's Prayer, Abun dbashmayo, sung in Syriac
Anton Diabelli	description	Performed by Neal O'Doan
Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny	description	Excerpt from the \
Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny	description	Jacob Schmidt is gorging himself on food and is about to die in act 2, scene 13
Alessandro Scarlatti	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Athanasian Creed	description	Recording of the Athanasian Creed in English
Alphabet song	description	Tune for Alphabet song
Australian Broadcasting Corporation	description	-1980.0
Bill Clinton	description	Video of the First inauguration of Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton	description	audio only version
Bill Clinton	description	--12-08
Blues	description	Example of Detroit blues rock shuffle
Blues	description	Example of Chicago blues shuffle
Blues	description	The Memphis Blues, composed by W. C. Handy in 1912 and recorded by the Victor Military Band, the first known commercial recording of Handy's first commercially successful blues composition
Blues	description	The first commercial recording of vocal blues by an African-American singer: Mamie Smith's performance of Perry Bradford's \
Blues	description	Traditional spiritual performed by Texas gospel singer Blind Willie Johnson  and Willie B. Harris  in 1927, an example of the close relationship between gospel and blues music
Blues	description	Piedmont blues, performed in 1930 by Blind Willie Walker
Blues	description	Bluegrass, performed in 1930 by Charlie Poole, a bluesman of Irish descent
Blues	description	Chicago blues of the late prewar era, the so-called Bluebird sound, recorded by Big Bill Broonzy
Blues	description	Rockabilly version of a traditional blues recorded by Jerry Lee Lewis in 1956 or 1957
Apostles' Creed	description	Ecclesiastical Latin pronunciation of the Creed
Berlin	description	Sample of \
Britney Spears	description	The cover of The Jets' song was the first song recorded by Spears for her then-label Jive in 1997. The prominent use of melisma and vibratos as she continuously raises key into a high range was viewed as a Mariah Carey influence.
Britney Spears	description	The track is built around the 'wobbler' effect of dubstep, and her vocals are pitched down low, making her sound masculine. She was credited as one of the artists who prompted the genre within a pop mainstream audience.
Bird	description	Song of the house wren, a common North American songbird
Berlin Wall	description	--06-26
Berlin Wall	description	Audio-only version
Banjo	description	Tom Turpin's 1904 composition The Buffalo Rag, in a 1906 performance by Vess Ossman.
Bagpipes	description	An adaptation of the \
Bassoon	description	First movement of Mozart's Bassoon Concerto
Bassoon	description	Bassoon performance from Beethoven's 4th Symphony
Bassoon	description	The fourth of Julius Weissenborn's 6 Trios for 3 Bassoons Op. 4
Bassoon	description	Bassoon solo from Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's Scheherazade
Bassoon	description	Sonata for bassoon with piano accompaniment, composed by Camille Saint-Saëns
Belle and Sebastian	description	The title of the album, The Boy with the Arab Strap caused some tension between Belle and Sebastian and fellow Scots band Arab Strap.
Bald eagle	description	A recording of a bald eagle at Yellowstone National Park
The Beach Boys	description	An excerpt from Brian Wilson and Mike Love's \
The Beach Boys	description	\
The Beach Boys	description	\
The Beach Boys	description	\
The Beach Boys	description	\
The Beach Boys	description	Isolated vocals-only excerpt taken from \
BBC News	description	The BBC News title music by David Lowe
Blue whale	description	Recorded in the Atlantic
Blue whale	description	Recorded in North Eastern Pacific
Blue whale	description	Recorded in the South Pacific
Blue whale	description	Recorded in the West Pacific
Bo Diddley	description	Bo Diddley's \
Canada–United States relations	description	Trudeau's famous \
Courtney Love	description	from Live Through This illustrates Love's raw and expansive contralto range.
Castrato	description	Alessandro Moreschi performs part of Eugenio Terziani's Hostias et preces
Casey at the Bat	description	Recited by DeWolf Hopper, c. 1920.
Cantigas de Santa Maria	description	Cantiga 100, \
Claudio Monteverdi	description	Live recording
Christmas	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus
Claude Debussy	description	Arranged by Anne DeBlois, performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Claude Debussy	description	Performed by Sarah Bassingthwaite
Claude Debussy	description	Performed by the United States Marine Corps Chamber Orchestra. Chamber orchestra arrangement of the Chamber music piece scored for string quintet.
Claude Debussy	description	Performed by Wasei Dúo.
Claude Debussy	description	Performed by Wasei Dúo
Claude Debussy	description	Performed by Patrizia Prati
Cello	description	--11-04
Cello	description	Bwv1007, first movement. Performed by John Michel
Cello	description	BWV 1009, 4th movement. Performed by Annie Camp in Atlanta on a 2008 Stephanie Voss Violoncello
Cello	description	Prelude No.1 in C Major from Well-Tempered Clavier Book I by J.S. Bach, later rewritten as Gounod's Ave Maria. Performed by John Michel
Cello	description	Composed by Georg Philipp Telemann, performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with cellist Stephen Balderston
Cello	description	Élégie by Gabriel Fauré, performed by Hans Goldstein  and Eli Kalman
Cello	description	First movement of Dvořák's Cello Concerto, performed by John Michel
Chrono Trigger	description	A 30-second sample of the theme of Chrono Trigger, illustrating the game's aural style and aesthetic.
Chrono Trigger	description	A 30-second sample of Zeal Palace from The Brink of Time, demonstrating the acid-jazz style of the arranged album.
Cuban Missile Crisis	description	--10-22
Crowded House	description	The first single from Temple of Low Men .
Crowded House	description	The first single from Time on Earth  and the first to feature Matt Sherrod.
Crowded House	description	The group's most successful international single, taken from Crowded House .
Crowded House	description	The first single from Together Alone , and the first to feature Mark Hart.
The Canterbury Tales	description	Recording in reconstructed Middle English pronunciation
Chrono Cross	description	A 30-second sample of The Dream that Time Dreams, illustrating the use in the game's music of melodies established in Radical Dreamers.
Chrono Cross	description	A 30-second sample of Scars of Time, the iconic title piece featuring the guitar playing of Tomohiko Kira.
Chrono Cross	description	A 30-second sample of game's credits theme, demonstrating the voice of Noriko Mitose.
Common chimpanzee	description	Chimpanzee alarm call, ogg/Vorbis format.
Common chimpanzee	description	Chimpanzee soft hoo, ogg/Vorbis format.
Common chimpanzee	description	Chimpanzee \
Drum	description	Snare drum cadences performed by the United States Navy Band
Disco	description	\
Disco	description	Yvonne Elliman's \
Disco	description	Blondie's \
Disco	description	Donna Summer's \
Disco	description	Chic – \
Disco	description	Chic – \
Disco	description	Sister Sledge – \
Disco	description	Sister Sledge – \
Dr. Dre	description	from Straight Outta Compton
Dr. Dre	description	from The Chronic
Dr. Dre	description	from 2001
Drum and bass	description	120.0
Drum and bass	description	30.0
Doctor Who	description	An excerpt from the original  classic theme music to Doctor Who
Death metal	description	Music sample of Possessed's \
Death metal	description	Music sample of Morbid Angel's \
Dual-tone multi-frequency signaling	description	How DTMF dialing sounds.
Deus Ex	description	30
Depeche Mode	description	30.0
Depeche Mode	description	23.0
Dylan Thomas	description	Thomas reads \
David Bowie	description	Sample of \
David Bowie	description	Sample of \
Entertainment	description	Audience applauding a performance of Cavalleria Rusticana by Pietro Mascagni
Entertainment	description	1888
Elvis Presley	description	Presley transformed not only the sound but the emotion of the song, turning what had been written as a \
Elvis Presley	description	Presley's definition of rock and roll included a sense of humor—here, during his second Sullivan appearance, he introduces one of his signature numbers.
Elvis Presley	description	Presley broke new stylistic ground and displayed his vocal range with this number one hit. The quasi-operatic ballad ends with Presley \
Elvis Presley	description	Beginning with his American Sound recordings, soul music became a central element in Presley's fusion of styles. Here, he revels in lyrics full of sexual innuendo.
Elvis Presley	description	An R&B hit for Roy Hamilton in 1955 and a pop hit for blue-eyed soul singer Timi Yuro in 1961, Presley's deep soul version was picked up by country radio in 1976.
Elvis Presley	description	1930.0
Ernest Hemingway	description	Opening statement of Nobel Prize acceptance speech, 1954 [recorded privately by Hemingway after the fact].
The Downward Spiral	description	Album version, as it appeared on The Downward Spiral
Enya	description	A sample of \
Edvard Grieg	description	Performed by the University of Washington Symphony, conducted by Peter Erős
Edvard Grieg	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra
Edvard Grieg	description	Performed live by Mark Gasser
Edvard Grieg	description	Recorded 1906
Edvard Grieg	description	Recorded 1903
Edward Elgar	description	1.0
Edward Elgar	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Edward Elgar	description	Conducted by Elgar in 1931 at the opening of EMI's studios
Effects unit	description	Power chords played \
Effects unit	description	Chorus effect on guitar, coming from an Electro-Harmonix Small Clone
Effects unit	description	A short synthesizer sample followed by two flanging versions
Effects unit	description	Unprocessed organ followed by different phasing effects
Effects unit	description	Notice the bell-like sound
Effects unit	description	A low-frequency oscillator modulating a tremolo
Effects unit	description	A low-frequency oscillator modulating a vibrato
Effects unit	description	A flute before and after delay
Effects unit	description	Reverb with increasingly longer decay times
Estampie	description	Anonymous estampie from the Robertsbridge Codex, performed by Ulrich Metzner
Ennio Morricone	description	Sample from \
Ennio Morricone	description	From The Good, the Bad and the Ugly film score
Ennio Morricone	description	From The Mission film score
Electric Light Orchestra	description	\
Electric Light Orchestra	description	The album Time  represented a shift toward more electronic sounds.
Frank Zappa	description	The opening track on Hot Rats is considered one of Zappa's most enduring compositions.
Frank Zappa	description	The closing track on Waka/Jawaka, one of Zappa's jazz-oriented albums.
Frank Zappa	description	One of Zappa's complex, percussion-based compositions featured on Zappa in New York.
Frank Zappa	description	The title track on Shut Up 'N Play Yer Guitar features Zappa's guitar improvisations.
Frank Zappa	description	A Zappa composition for classical ensemble from Boulez Conducts Zappa: The Perfect Stranger
Film noir	description	Franz Waxman's score, the Oscar winner for 1950, is described by film historian Sam Staggs as a \
Film noir	description	The moody, evocative music improvised by jazz trumpeter Miles Davis's quintet for Ascenseur pour l'échafaud  is regarded as one of the definitive noir scores.
Film noir	description	Angelo Badalamenti has scored most of David Lynch's noir-related work. His work on this track typifies a \
Film noir	description	In this track from the score of  Sin City , composer John Debney employs solo saxophone and trumpet over orchestral strings, evoking a classic noir sound.
Frédéric Chopin	description	Giorgi Latso, piano
Frédéric Chopin	description	Muriel Nguyen Xuan, piano
Frédéric Chopin	description	Martha Goldstein playing an 1851 Érard piano
Francis Scott Key	description	Fred Waring and His Pennsylvanians sing The Star-Spangled Banner in 1942
Francis Scott Key	description	A 1915 recording of the Star-Spangled Banner as sung by Margaret Woodrow Wilson, daughter of Woodrow Wilson
Four Freedoms	description	--01-06
Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Sample of the Inaugural speech from FDR
Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Franklin Delano Roosevelt's January 6, 1941 State of the Union Address introducing the theme of the Four Freedoms
Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Speech given before Joint Session of Congress in entirety. .
Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Section of Pearl Harbor speech with famous phrase. .
French Revolution	description	The French national anthem La Marseillaise; text in French.
Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within	description	Sample of \
Welcome to the Pleasuredome	description	An excerpt from Welcome to the Pleasuredome
Rage Hard	description	An excerpt from Rage Hard Freddy Basstone Mix.ogg
Two Tribes	description	An excerpt from Two Tribes
Relax	description	An excerpt from Relax
Guitar	description	Spanish Romance.
Fleetwood Mac	description	17.0
Go Down Moses	description	Choral version by Les Petits Chanteurs de Montigny
Garth Brooks	description	A sample of Brooks' song, Friends in Low Places.
Gettysburg Address	description	A modern recording of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.
Giraffe	description	Giraffe hum, ogg/Vorbis format.
Giraffe	description	Giraffe snort ogg/Vorbis format.
Giraffe	description	Giraffe grunt ogg/Vorbis format.
Giraffe	description	Giraffe bursts ogg/Vorbis format
Giacomo Puccini	description	From Manon Lescaut, act 1. Sung by Enrico Caruso in 1913.
Giacomo Puccini	description	From La bohème, act 1. Sung by Enrico Caruso and Nellie Melba in 1906.
Giacomo Puccini	description	From Gianni Schicchi, sung by Frances Alda in 1919
George Harrison	description	Harrison's guitar solo from \
George Harrison	description	An excerpt from Harrison's guitar solo to \
George Harrison	description	An excerpt from Harrison's slide guitar solo from Lennon's \
Garry Kasparov	description	--09-13
George Benson	description	Title track sample from George Benson's Breezin′ album
George Benson	description	Sample track from George Benson's Breezin' album
Götterdämmerung	description	--12-08
Gilbert and Sullivan	description	A 1914 Edison Records recording of selections from The Mikado. Includes parts of the overture, \
George Gershwin	description	Al Jolson's hit 1920 recording of George Gershwin and Irving Caesar's 1919 \
Gorillaz	description	\
Gorillaz	description	Similar to the band's debut, Feel Good Inc., from their second album, combines elements of trip hop and alternative hip hop, featuring rap verses by De La Soul.
Gorillaz	description	Featuring Mos Def and Bobby Womack, \
Grindcore	description	A blast beat played at tempos of 124, 160, 200 and 240 BPM, respectively.
Helium	description	The effect of helium on a human voice
Hammond organ	description	A single note  played on a Hammond organ
Hammond organ	description	A medley played on a 1935 Model A Hammond organ through a Leslie speaker.
Hammond organ	description	A simple chord sequence played on a Hammond organ through a Leslie speaker.
Hebrew language	description	This is a portion of the blessing that is traditionally chanted before the Aliyah La-Torah .
Heinrich Himmler	description	An excerpt from the Posen speeches where Himmler discusses the on-going extermination of the Jews
Henry Fielding	description	Henry Fielding wrote \
Hawkwind	description	28.0
Hildegard of Bingen	description	From Ordo Virtutum
Hymn	description	An early  British Christmas carol; sung by the Carol Singers
Hymn	description	Description en:A Mighty Fortress is Our God Traditional Lutheran Hymn, Hedge translation
Hymn	description	The Battle Hymn of the Republic, performed by Frank C. Stanley, Elise Stevenson, and a mixed quartet in 1908.
Heart of Oak	description	Heart of Oak, by Cecilian Male Quartet, Canada 1915
Heavy metal music	description	Sample of \
Heavy metal music	description	Sample of \
Heavy metal music	description	Sample of \
Heavy metal music	description	Slayer's \
Heavy metal music	description	\
Heavy metal music	description	The title track of Mayhem's De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas
Heavy metal music	description	Sample of Helloween's Halloween from Keeper of the Seven Keys .
Heavy metal music	description	\
Heavy metal music	description	\
House music	description	\
House music	description	\
House music	description	Phuture's \
House music	description	\
House music	description	The acid house record \
Henry Purcell	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind
Henry VIII of England	description	A Christmas carol attributed to Henry VIII
Harpsichord	description	Performed by Robert Schröter on a French harpsichord
Harpsichord	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an Italian harpsichord
Harpsichord	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on a Flemish harpsichord
Harpsichord	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Harmonica	description	--07-17
Ich bin ein Berliner	description	--06-26
Ich bin ein Berliner	description	Audio-only version
Jello Biafra	description	\
Jazz	description	The Original Dixieland Jass Band performing \
Jazz	description	This 1941 sample of Duke Ellington's signature tune is an example of the swing style.
Jazz	description	Excerpt from a saxophone solo by Charlie Parker. The fast, complex rhythms and substitute chords of bebop exhibited were of pivotal importance to the formation of Jazz music.
Jazz	description	This hard blues by John Coltrane is an example of hard bop, a post-bebop style which is informed by gospel music, blues and work songs.
Jazz	description	This 1973 piece by the Mahavishnu Orchestra merges jazz improvisation and rock instrumentation into jazz fusion
Jazz	description	This 2000 track by Courtney Pine shows how electronica and hip hop influences can be incorporated into modern jazz.
John Lennon	description	Sample of \
John Lennon	description	Sample of \
List of compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Minuet in G major, BWV Anh. 114
Jimi Hendrix	description	An excerpt from the outro guitar solo. The sample demonstrates the first recording of stereo phasing.
Jimi Hendrix	description	--08-18
Jimi Hendrix	description	An excerpt from the first guitar solo that demonstrates Hendrix's innovative use of high gain and overdrive to achieve an aggressive, sustained tone.
Jennifer Lopez	description	A 22-second sample of \
Jennifer Lopez	description	A twenty-five-second sample of \
John Martyn	description	\
Jonah	description	\
Juliana Hatfield	description	\
Johannes Brahms	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Johannes Brahms	description	--12-02
Josip Broz Tito	description	Tito speaking We have spilt an ocean of blood for brotherhood and unity of our people. We shall not allow anyone to touch or destroy it from within.
Jamiroquai	description	30
King Crimson	description	37
King Crimson	description	An excerpt of \
King Crimson	description	1980.0
Carl Friedrich Abel	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna
Kora	description	Song played by Toumani Diabaté on the kora instrument
Kylie Minogue	description	21.0
Kantele	description	Sounds samples from a home-made 5-string kantele
Koenigsegg	description	The Koenigsegg Agera at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2010
Kate Bush	description	Sample from Kate Bush's \
Kate Bush	description	Sample from Kate Bush's \
Ludwig van Beethoven	description	composed during Beethoven's middle period
Ludwig van Beethoven	description	written between 1821 and 1822, during Beethoven's late period
Lord's Prayer	description	The Lord's Prayer in Latin sung in Gregorian chant
Limp Bizkit	description	This breakdown from the song \
Limp Bizkit	description	While Limp Bizkit generally opposed solos, they allowed drummer John Otto to perform an extended drum solo in the song \
Limp Bizkit	description	IGN reviewer Spence D., noting the sinister sound of The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1), described the album's leading track \
Limp Bizkit	description	\
Limp Bizkit	description	\
Ride the Lightning	description	The title track has a foreboding vibe which fits its subject matter. Hetfield recorded his guitar parts relatively fast and overlaid them with two more takes played live, instead of overdubbing them.
Ride the Lightning	description	\
Master of Puppets	description	The lyrics on \
Master of Puppets	description	The song's subject matter is madness and serves as a metaphor for honesty and truth. According to philosopher William Irwin, \
Metallica	description	\
Metallica	description	\
Metallica	description	\
Metallica	description	The main riff in \
Metallica	description	Robert Palmer of Rolling Stone believed the band abandoned fast tempos on \
Metallica	description	\
Music	description	Carlos Gardel and Alfredo on Por una cabeza.
Morse code	description	The text \
Morse code	description	\
Mandolin	description	Bill Monroe on mandolin and Doc Watson on guitar. A public domain recording.
Mandolin	description	A public domain recording.
Mandolin	description	A 1909 Edison Amberol recording of Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar.
Dead Parrot sketch	description	Listen to a clip from the sketch.
Marilyn Manson	description	Album version, as it appeared on The High End of Low. A heavily-censored version of the track performed poorly at US radio.
Mishnah	description	A traditional setting of the last passage of the first tractate, Berakhot, which describes how scholars of the Talmud create peace in the world. Performed by Cantor Meyer Kanewsky in 1919 for Edison Records.
MP3	description	The first is uncompressed WAV file. The second is a Vorbis file encoded at 48kbit/s, and third is an MP3 encoded at 48kbit/s using LAME.
MIDI	description	Drum sample 1
MIDI	description	Drum sample 2
MIDI	description	Bass sample 1
MIDI	description	Bass sample 2
MIDI	description	A combination of the previous four files, with piano, jazz guitar, a hi-hat and four extra measures added to complete the short song, in A minor
MIDI	description	The previous file being played on a MIDI-compatible synthesizer
Martin Luther King Jr.	description	--08-28
Martin Luther King Jr.	description	30.0
Miles Davis	description	Issued on his 1968 album Filles de Kilimanjaro, the composition exemplfies Davis’ transition from the post-bop style to fusion sounds and textures.
Miles Davis	description	\
Mohamed Atta	description	503.0
Mohamed Atta	description	513.0
Musical theatre	description	A chorus from the Original Broadway Cast
Mary Robinson	description	--07-28
Megadeth	description	\
Megadeth	description	Countdown to Extinctions first single, \
Motörhead	description	Released in 1977 as a single from Motörhead
Mikhail Gorbachev	description	recorded November 2012
Nirvana	description	Sample of \
North Korea	description	performed by the KPA State Chorus
North Korea	description	performed by Moranbong Band
New Testament	description	The text of the famous \
Nicole Kidman	description	In 2001, Kidman released her music debut, a duet with Ewan McGregor, remixed by Josh G Abrahams.
Niccolò Paganini	description	--11-04
Niccolò Paganini	description	Bell and Isbin – audio only version
Niccolò Paganini	description	Performed by John Michell
Neville Chamberlain	description	--09-30
Neville Chamberlain	description	--09-03
Neville Chamberlain	description	--05-10
North American Free Trade Agreement	description	--12-08
Nu metal	description	Citing the lyrics of the song's chorus, Karan Pradhan of Firstpost called Slipknot's \
Nu metal	description	\
New Order	description	\
Oboe	description	Antonio Pasculli's Gran Concerto for Oboe and Piano. Performed by Alex Klein, oboe and Lisa Bergman, piano. The oboe begins playing about one minute in.
Opera	description	Overture to Don Giovanni , one of Mozart's most well-known pieces.
Opera	description	Enrico Caruso sings \
Opera	description	Aria from Ruggero Leoncavallo's Pagliacci. Performed by Enrico Caruso
Opera	description	Pasquale Amato's 1911 rendition of the Toréador's song from Georges Bizet's Carmen .
Opera	description	A scene from Purcell's Dido and Æneas. The witches' messenger, in the form of Mercury himself, attempts to convince Æneas to leave Carthage.
Otto von Bismarck	description	The only known recording of Bismarck's voice. See the file's page for a transcript and other details.
Othello	description	--05-12
Othello	description	Audio only version
O Canada	description	Edward Johnson singing the original lyrics penned by Weir
O Canada	description	First and Fourth verses sung by the Quatuor Octave Pelletier
O Canada	description	O Canada and the Royal Anthem, God Save the King, performed by Percival Price using carillon bell at the Peace Tower in Ottawa
O Canada	description	O Canada by the United States Navy Band
O Canada	description	An instrumental version of O Canada from 1916.
Poland	description	Mazurka , stylized folk dance in triple meter , commemorating the November Uprising
Poland	description	Inspired by poems of Adam Mickiewicz
Horses	description	Smith's reworking of Them's song \
Piano	description	Frédéric Chopin's Étude Op. 25, No. 12, on an Erard piano made in 1851
Piano	description	The same piece, on a modern piano
Punk rock	description	The original anthem of the punk scene, performed live by Television in 1974 or 1975, with Richard Hell on lead vocals. The verse, described by Gary Valentine as defying melody, yields to the chorus, \
Punk rock	description	The chorus of the Ramones' first single \
Punk rock	description	With what music historian Clinton Heylin described as the \
Punk rock	description	Sounds magazine in Britain found \
Punk rock	description	With its \
Punk rock	description	As inchoate as its name suggests, the Germs' \
Punk rock	description	X-Ray Spex' debut single \
Punk rock	description	With its \
Punk rock	description	The title track of the Clash's 1979 double album was the band's biggest UK hit on first release. The atmospheric production gives it a \
Punk rock	description	The Fall's 1980 ode to amphetamines. With its \
Punk rock	description	Bad Brains' debut single, \
Punk rock	description	The title track of the Exploited's debut, Punks Not Dead, the top independent UK album of 1981. Defying punk's disappearance from the British mainstream, the song exemplifies the band's sound and that of Oi! groups in general: \
Punk rock	description	The first U.S. punk-identified single to reach the top ten, built on a \
History of Panama	description	--09-07
History of Panama	description	audio only version
Psychedelic rock	description	\
Psychedelic rock	description	\
Pixies	description	is the third track of Surfer Rosa. This sample contains part of the chorus, with Francis' distorted screaming and a repeated guitar rhythm prominent.
Pixies	description	is the fifth track of Surfer Rosa. This sample contains the first bridge and chorus, and features Deal, singing lead vocals, repeating the same bass guitar melody. The band's trademark loud–quiet dynamic also features on the song.
Pavane	description	By Maurice Ravel. Performed by Thérèse Dussaut.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky	description	From Twelve Pieces for piano, Op. 40, No. 9, a digital recording by Kevin MacLeod
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra, courtesy of Musopen
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Pierre Trudeau	description	Trudeau speaking about his omnibus bill, famously saying \
Pop music	description	, \
Press Gang	description	Lynda and Spike's first meeting. This clip demonstrates the exchange of the one-liners, Spike's accent and the animosity between the two characters.
Panama Canal	description	--09-07
Pig	description	Oink!
Quechuan languages	description	Pronunciation of voiceless bilabial plosive phonemes in Quechua
Rapping	description	A spiritual performed by W. M. Givens in Darien, Georgia in 1926.
Rapping	description	A Southern work song performed by Judge \
Rapping	description	Gil Scott Heron's spoken word poetry has had a significant influence on hip hop through its political and socially conscious lyrics.
Rapping	description	Hip hop pioneer Afrika Bambaataa mixed electro with old school rapping and beats. Bambaataa, the DJ, is also the rapper in this song; the first rapping in hip hop was done from behind the turntables.
Rapping	description	Notorious B.I.G. tells vivid stories about his everyday life as a criminal in Brooklyn. Note the constant changing up of the lyrical flow and cadence characteristic of new school hip hop.
Russian language	description	Reading of excerpt of Pushkin’s \
Rush	description	Sample of \
Rush	description	Sample of \
Rush	description	Sample of \
Rush	description	Sample of \
Rush	description	Sample of \
Rush	description	Sample of \
Richard Nixon	description	--08-08
Roland TB-303	description	Two simple patterns on the TB-303. The second pattern has had the filter EG attack level altered.
Roland TB-303	description	Two simple overdriven patterns on the TB-303. The second pattern has varying resonance to give a harsh screeching sound. Both patterns have gradual cutoff frequency.
Roland TB-303	description	\
Roland TB-303	description	\
Roland TB-303	description	\
Rio de Janeiro	description	Choro \
Radical Dreamers	description	A 45-second sample of \
Rathaus Schöneberg	description	--06-26
Rathaus Schöneberg	description	Audio-only version
Recorder	description	188.0
Ryuichi Sakamoto	description	A sample of \
Ryuichi Sakamoto	description	A sample of \
Radioteletype	description	The text \
Reel	description	A reel performed by Dancing Willow
Reel	description	A reel featuring viola da gamba and recorder, performed by Dancing Willow
Roy Orbison	description	Sample of \
Roy Orbison	description	Opening sample of \
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	\
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	\
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	Sample of \
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	\
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	\
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	\
Red Hot Chili Peppers	description	The third single from By the Way combined rapidly sung verses and textured, multi-layered guitar riffs. Frusciante sings backing vocals throughout.
Steve Reich	description	25.0
Schoolly D	description	25
Star Trek: Voyager	description	Of Star Trek: Voyager composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Snare drum	description	Snare drum cadences performed by the United States Navy Band
Ska	description	\
Slide guitar	description	29.0
Sergei Prokofiev	description	Overture on Hebrew Themes , performed by members of the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Syrinx	description	Claude Debussy's Syrinx. Performed by Sarah Bassingthwaite
Hijackers in the September 11 attacks	description	503.0
Hijackers in the September 11 attacks	description	513.0
Hijackers in the September 11 attacks	description	34097.0
Hijackers in the September 11 attacks	description	34130.0
Hijackers in the September 11 attacks	description	First announcement made by Ziad Jarrah.
Hijackers in the September 11 attacks	description	Second announcement made by Ziad Jarrah.
Samba	description	Composed by Assis Valente, recorded by Carmen Miranda in 1939.
Samba	description	Almirante, released in 1929.
Samba	description	Benedito Lacerda e grupo Gente do Morro, released in 1930.
Samba	description	Patrício Teixeira e Trio T.B.T. recorded in 1932. .
Samba	description	Mario Reis , released in 1933.
Sonic Youth	description	The track from Daydream Nation showcases Sonic Youth's move toward more conventional pop/rock songcraft but still has some of the loud guitars that made them famous.
Spice Girls	description	Spice Girls debut single \
Spice Girls	description	\
Sonar	description	Recording of active SONAR pings.
Scott Joplin	description	1906
Scott Joplin	description	An April 1916 piano roll recording of Scott Joplin. Thought lost until discovered by a collector in New Zealand in 2006.
Scott Joplin	description	A June 1916 Piano Roll recording of Scott Joplin for The Aeolian Company.
Tambourine	description	Half moon tambourine rhythms
Thomas Edison	description	Thomas Edison reciting \
The Beatles	description	Sample of \
The Beatles	description	Sample of \
The Goon Show	description	3
Trip hop	description	Sample of \
Tradition	description	A traditional setting of the last passage of the first tractate, Berakhot of the Oral Torah, which describes how scholars of the Talmud create peace in the world. Performed by Cantor Meyer Kanewsky in 1919 for Edison Records.
Twin Peaks	description	30.0
The X-Files	description	\
Sex Pistols	description	\
Sex Pistols	description	Audio from the 1976 interview conducted by Bill Grundy, where Grundy is called a sod and a rotter by Jones
Sex Pistols	description	\
Sex Pistols	description	Sample of \
The Marriage of Figaro	description	Performed by Musopen Symphony
The Marriage of Figaro	description	Provided by Musopen
The Marriage of Figaro	description	Performed in 1910 by Nellie Melba
Talking Heads	description	The fourth song from Remain in Light utilized Eno's Oblique Strategies technique and featured Byrne's alienated meditation on life. The song was named one of the 100 most important American musical works of the 20th century by NPR.
The Big Country	description	Main theme from the film by Jerome Moross.
The Pogues	description	Sample of Caitlín O'Riordan singing \
Theodore Roosevelt	description	--03-12
Theodore Roosevelt	description	A speech by Roosevelt as a former President
Buzzcocks	description	Sample of \
TWA Flight 800	description	The captain of Eastwind Airlines 507 further describes to air traffic control what he saw both after and prior to the explosion
Take Me Out to the Ball Game	description	This, the original version of the song, was sung by Edward Meeker in 1908, and is one of the first ever recordings of the song.
Take Me Out to the Ball Game	description	Typical modern ball park instrumental version performed by Kaila Rochelle on a Roland GR-09 organ with a Roland RD-700 keyboard midi controller. The performance is on the 'Chorus.'
Theremin	description	J. S. Bach's Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring played by Italian thereminist Fabio Pesce on a Moog Etherwave theremin.
Tempo	description	120
Tool	description	\
Tool	description	This Bill Hicks inspired song won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance.
Tool	description	\
Tool	description	The number of syllables per line in the lyrics to \
The Star-Spangled Banner	description	Fred Waring and His Pennsylvanians sing The Star-Spangled Banner in 1942
The Star-Spangled Banner	description	A 1915 recording of the Star-Spangled Banner as sung by Margaret Woodrow Wilson, daughter of Woodrow Wilson
The Star-Spangled Banner	description	A 1953 instrumental recording by the United States Marine Corps band
The Star-Spangled Banner	description	An instrumental recording by the United States Navy Band.
The Rolling Stones	description	Sample of \
The Rolling Stones	description	Sample of \
The Rolling Stones	description	Sample of \
The Rolling Stones	description	Sample of \
They Might Be Giants	description	Chorus of the charting single \
They Might Be Giants	description	Sample of the band's Grammy award winning theme song to Malcolm in the Middle.
Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star	description	Tune for Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
The Smashing Pumpkins	description	Sample of \
The Smashing Pumpkins	description	1979.0
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly	description	From The Good, the Bad and the Ugly soundtrack by Ennio Morricone
The Fall	description	Released as a single through Rough Trade in 1980
The Fall	description	From the 1981 EP Slates
The Fall	description	From Slates
The Fall	description	From Hex Enduction Hour
The Fall	description	From 1987's The Frenz Experiment
Through the Looking-Glass	description	Tune for To the Looking-Glass world it was Alice that said...
Uyghurs	description	An example of modern Uyghur music
Uruguay	description	It is among the most famous and recognizable tangos of all time.
Universal Declaration of Human Rights	description	--01-06
United Airlines Flight 93	description	34097.0
United Airlines Flight 93	description	34130.0
United Airlines Flight 93	description	First announcement made by Ziad Jarrah.
United Airlines Flight 93	description	Second announcement made by Ziad Jarrah.
United Airlines Flight 93	description	Phone call made by CeeCee Lyles
United States Military Academy	description	Bishop H.S. Shipman's \
Unreal	description	31.0
Ukulele	description	A minor chord being played on a ukulele – 47 kB
Ukulele	description	A piece being played on a ukulele – 327 kB
Vostok 1	description	Gagarin's voice
Vostok 1	description	Soviet radio announcement by Yuri Levitan
History of video games	description	An original synthesized chiptune composition imitating early video game music.
Vorbis	description	The first is an uncompressed wav file. The second is a vorbis file encoded at 48kbps, and third is a mp3 file encoded at 48kbps using LAME.
Vietnamese language	description	The first article of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights spoken by Nghiem Mai Phuong, native speaker of a northern variety.
Viol	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna
Viol	description	Performed New Comma Baroque
Viol	description	Performed by New Comma Baroque
Vincenzo Bellini	description	Claudia Muzio, circa 1936
Vocoder	description	Classic example of a singing vocoded voice.
Vocoder	description	Demonstration of the \
Wedding	description	The Bridal Chorus from Richard Wagner's opera Lohengrin
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart	description	Both performed by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra, Conductor: Simon Schindler
Woody Guthrie	description	Sample of Woody Guthrie's song, \
William McKinley	description	Historic recording of William McKinley. The final 1:08 of this sound file  contains an excerpt from one of his 1896 campaign speeches.
William McKinley	description	Video clip of McKinley's inauguration in 1897.
Whale	description	Recording of Humpback Whales singing and Clicking.
Walt Whitman	description	An 1890 recording thought to be Walt Whitman reading the opening four lines of his poem \
Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia	description	Christmas carol \
Whitney Houston	description	One of Houston's best selling singles worldwide and recognized songs, \
Wire	description	Sample of \
Yuri Gagarin	description	Gagarin's voice
Yuri Gagarin	description	Soviet radio announcement by Yuri Levitan
Ziad Jarrah	description	First announcement made by Ziad Jarrah.
Ziad Jarrah	description	Second announcement made by Ziad Jarrah.
The Who	description	\
The Who	description	The closing section of \
The Who	description	The opening of \
Heart	description	Normal heart sounds as heard with a stethoscope
Lion	description	A lion in captivity roaring
Wilhelmus	description	A choir accompanied by an organ sings the first and sixth stanza.
State of the Union	description	--01-06
Booker T. Washington	description	The opening of Booker T. Washington's \
Staccato	description	A bassoon played staccato, legato, legato + vibrato, and slurred.
Aida	description	Recorded in 2002 by the U.S. Marine Band
Aida	description	Sung by Marie Rappold, 1916
Ernani	description	\
La traviata	description	Act 1 finale, sung by Lucrezia Bori in 1910 for Edison Records
Il trovatore	description	From act 2. Sung by Gabriella Besanzoni in 1920.
Il trovatore	description	Enrico Caruso and Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Don Carlos	description	Performed in 2000 by the U.S. Marine Band
The Barber of Seville	description	Performed in 1929 by the New York Philharmonic conducted by Arturo Toscanini
The Barber of Seville	description	Aurelia Dobrovolskaya , 1914
The Barber of Seville	description	Feodor Chaliapin
Carmen	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Carmen	description	Performed by the Damrosch Orchestra in 1903.
Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg	description	Sung by Leo Slezak in 1910 for Edison Records
The Magic Flute	description	Performed by Musopen Symphony Orchestra
The Magic Flute	description	Both pieces performed in 2006 by Siam Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Trisdee na Patalung
The Magic Flute	description	Aulikki Rautawaara , Orchester des Deutschen Opernhauses, Berlin, conducted in 1938 by Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt
La bohème	description	Claudia Muzio
La bohème	description	Enrico Caruso and Nellie Melba
La bohème	description	Performed in 1907 by Nellie Melba
La bohème	description	Enrico Caruso and Antonio Scotti
La bohème	description	Feodor Chaliapin
Ruggero Leoncavallo	description	Both from Pagliacci, performed by Enrico Caruso
Gaetano Donizetti	description	from L'elisir d'amore, sung by Enrico Caruso in 1911 for the Victor Talking Machine Company
Gaetano Donizetti	description	From La fille du régiment, performed by Atelier Vocal des Herbiers with piano accompaniment
Heliox	description	The effect of helium on a human voice
Così fan tutte	description	From act 2
Don Giovanni	description	Fulda Symphonic Orchestra
Don Giovanni	description	Sung by Adelina Patti
Tristan und Isolde	description	Recording of these bars
Tosca	description	Enrico Caruso, 1908
Tosca	description	Pasquale Amato, as Scarpia, performs the act 1 finale with the Metropolitan Opera chorus, in this 1914 recording for the Victor Talking Machine Company.
Tosca	description	Emmy Destinn, 1914
Tosca	description	Leo Slezak in 1913 for Edison Records
Tosca	description	Antonio Scotti in 1908 for Victor Records
Madama Butterfly	description	Sung by Frances Alda in 1913
Madama Butterfly	description	Recorded in 1919, performed by Rosa Ponselle with orchestra
Radiohead	description	\
Radiohead	description	\
Radiohead	description	The opening track from Radiohead's fourth album, this song emphasises the band's increasing use of electronic music and distortions of Thom Yorke's vocals.
Radiohead	description	5.0
Radiohead	description	\
Musician	description	Written by Beatritz de Dia.
Musician	description	Written by Claudio Monteverdi.
Musician	description	from George Frideric Handel's The Messiah.
Musician	description	Composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Musician	description	Composed by Ludwig van Beethoven.
Musician	description	Composed by Igor Stravinsky, who also arranged The Rite of Spring
La fille du régiment	description	performed by l'Atelier Vocal des Herbiers and piano accompaniment
Lucia di Lammermoor	description	Performed by Francis J. Lapitino, 1915
Don Pasquale	description	Composed by Gaetano Donizetti, performed in 1993 by U.S. Marine Band.
Fidelio	description	performed by Alice Guszalewicz
2002 Winter Olympics	description	composed by John Williams for the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Utah Symphony Orchestra. The choir sings the Olympic motto \
Waylon Jennings	description	During his first recording session in September 1958, Jennings was accompanied by Buddy Holly on the guitar and King Curtis on the saxophone.
Waylon Jennings	description	From the album of the same name, the song was a local radio hit for Jennings in Nashville.
Waylon Jennings	description	A hit for Jennings, the song was released in the album Ol' Waylon
Waylon Jennings	description	Fragment of the song Highwayman, sung by Jennings with the country supergroup The Highwaymen
Prince Igor	description	Aria of Galitsky from opera \
Prince Igor	description	Recorded in 1913 at the Berlin State Opera.
Jon Appleton	description	From the album Four Fantasies for Synclavier . Composed and performed by Jon Appleton on the Synclavier II.
John Philip Sousa	description	Sousa's \
John Philip Sousa	description	The United States Marine Band performs \
John Philip Sousa	description	The Gladiator March, Sousa's first hit.
John Philip Sousa	description	\
John Philip Sousa	description	1920.0
John Philip Sousa	description	Sousa's The Thunderer , performed in 1896 by the United States Marine Band
John Philip Sousa	description	\
John Philip Sousa	description	Sousa's Hands Across the Sea , performed by the United States Navy Band
John Philip Sousa	description	Sousa's Fairest of the Fair , performed by the United States Navy Band
Cockney	description	Voice of Michael Caine who grew up in Southwark, London, recorded September 2010 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Front Row
Cockney	description	Voice of Danny Baker, recorded July 2007 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
Madness	description	Sample of the original recording of \
Madness	description	A cover of a Prince Buster B-Side. The song was Madness' first single to enter the top 10 of the UK singles chart.
Madness	description	The band's most internationally successful single. The song inspired a musical of the same name in 2003, which featured songs from Madness.
Madness	description	Released in 1999, this was the band's first original single in 13 years. It was a hit for the band, entering the top ten in the UK charts.
Soundgarden	description	\
Soundgarden	description	'Jesus Christ Pose' \
Soundgarden	description	\
Soundgarden	description	'Burden in My Hand', according to reviewer J. D. Considine, \
Waltzing Matilda	description	Tune for \
United States presidential election, 1828	description	Jackson supporters used this Battle of New Orleans anthem as their campaign song.
United States presidential election, 1832	description	Jackson supporters used this Battle of New Orleans anthem as their campaign song.
United States presidential election, 1840	description	First verse and chorus.
United States presidential election, 1840	description	All twelve verses.
United States presidential election, 1824	description	Jackson supporters used this Battle of New Orleans anthem as their campaign song.
United States presidential election, 1948	description	234.0
Distortion	description	An audio example of a short sample followed by different distorted versions of it.
Frequency-shift keying	description	Listen to an example of a 1200 baud AFSK-modulated signal.
Harmonic	description	Violin natural harmonic stop points on the A string
Harmonic	description	0.5
Rahsaan Roland Kirk	description	Rahsaan simultaneously playing flute and singing, punctuated with a siren whistle.
Rahsaan Roland Kirk	description	Rahsaan playing black mystery pipes.
Rahsaan Roland Kirk	description	Rahsaan simultaneously playing multiple saxophones.
Pulse	description	Infant heartbeat
Bonnie Tyler	description	A sample of Wayne Warner and Bonnie Tyler's 2010 single \
Bohemian Rhapsody	description	This sample features the distinctive piano vamp in B and the first line of the first verse.
Bohemian Rhapsody	description	The operatic segment enters immediately as May's solo abruptly concludes. This vast shift in style is just one example of how the song rapidly changes throughout its running time.
Bohemian Rhapsody	description	In live performances, the operatic segment would be played from tape as it was too complicated for the band to perform live. As the heavy rock segment followed, the band would return to the stage.
Queen	description	A sample of \
Bass drum	description	Audio sample of an unmuffled bass drum from a drum kit, 54 KB
Bass drum	description	Audio sample of the Bluecoats Drum and Bugle corps bassline playing an excerpt from their show \
Tin whistle	description	Sample of music played on all plastic tin whistle in key of D.
Tin whistle	description	Sample of music played on key of D metal tin whistle with wooden stop.
Tin whistle	description	Sample of music played on key of D metal tin whistle with plastic fipple.
Tin whistle	description	A jig featuring the tin whistle, performed by Dancing Willow
Tin whistle	description	Instrumental version, featuring low whistle and viola da gamba, performed by Dancing Willow
Jig	description	A jig featuring the tin whistle, performed by Dancing Willow
Roxette	description	--04-08
Roxette	description	Mike Schiller from Popmatters called the song \
Flood	description	Chorus sample, including a shift from C major to E-flat major
The Dark Side of the Moon	description	Waters' early demo recording of \
The Dark Side of the Moon	description	\
The Dark Side of the Moon	description	\
Speech synthesis	description	A synthetic voice announcing an arriving train in Sweden.
Speech synthesis	description	Microsoft Windows XP's default speech synthesizer voice saying \
Supergrass	description	24.0
Supergrass	description	30.0
Paul Kelly	description	Paul Kelly & the Dots' first charting single, \
Paul Kelly	description	Paul Kelly & the Coloured Girls' highest charting single, \
Paul Kelly	description	Paul Kelly's 1996 extended play How to Make Gravy contained the title track, released in November. It was nominated as 'Song of the Year' at the 1998 APRA Awards. The recipe for gravy was supplied by his first father-in-law.
Paul Kelly	description	Paul Kelly recorded a version of \
Rhodes piano	description	A Rhodes Mark I played on a tube amplifier .
Choir	description	The Hallelujah Chorus, from George Frideric Handel's Messiah, is one of the most famous choruses of all time
Choir	description	from Ein deutsches Requiem by Johannes Brahms
Anton Bruckner	description	The second of Bruckner's three settings of \
Jelly Roll Morton	description	Performed here in 1938, Hesitation Blues is a popular song adapted from a traditional tune
Jelly Roll Morton	description	Sample of Morton's introduction and performance of Tiger Rag which was originally recorded and copyrighted by the Original Dixieland Jass Band, performed here in 1938
Cantata	description	A sacred cantata by Dieterich Buxtehude
Cantata	description	From the cantata Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben, BWV 147 by Johann Sebastian Bach
Sonata	description	Performed by Daniel Veesey. From Musopen.com.
Symphony	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Music courtesy of Musopen
Symphony	description	Performed by the Fulda Symphony
Typewriter	description	A recording of the sound of typing on a Smith-Corona electric typewriter.
Karplus–Strong string synthesis	description	F1 = 220Hz
Arcangelo Corelli	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Robert Schumann	description	Giorgi Latso, piano
Franz Schubert	description	Performance by the MIT Concert Choir
Franz Schubert	description	Performed by Daniel Blanch. Courtesy of Musopen
Franz Schubert	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Franz Schubert	description	Performed by Dorothea Fayne  and Uwe Streibel
Franz Schubert	description	This Impromptu is a theme and variations based on a theme from Rosamunde. Performed by Randolph Hokanson.
Franz Schubert	description	Performed by Hans Goldstein  and Clinton Adams
Franz Schubert	description	Performed by Dénes Zsigmondy  and Anneliese Nissen
Asthma	description	The sound of wheezing as heard with a stethoscope.
Dannii Minogue	description	A dance track that features Minogue's vocals over a heavy bass line.
Dannii Minogue	description	A song inspired by the cancer diagnosis of her sister Kylie Minogue.
Carl Maria von Weber	description	Skidmore College Orchestra; courtesy of Musopen
Carl Maria von Weber	description	Kat Walsh  and Amy Crane
Carl Maria von Weber	description	Performed by William McColl  and Joeseph Levine
The Hunting of the Snark	description	The poem read by Robert Garrison, from the LibriVox project.
Jean-Michel Jarre	description	Jarre's 1969 release, \
Jean-Michel Jarre	description	\
Jean-Michel Jarre	description	Third Rendez-Vous, normally performed in concert on the laser harp
Jean-Michel Jarre	description	4.0
Arthur Sullivan	description	1913
Arthur Sullivan	description	A 1914 Edison Records recording of selections from The Mikado. Includes parts of the overture, \
Arthur Sullivan	description	The Overture di Ballo  is regarded as Sullivan's most successful orchestral work. This military band arrangement is performed by the U.S. Marine Band.
Korn	description	30
Korn	description	Both \
Korn	description	\
Korn	description	Roadrunner Records said that \
Korn	description	Tim Grierson of About.com wrote, \
William Byrd	description	From the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book. Performed by Ulrich Metzner on a harpsichord of the type used in the early 20th century
Opeth	description	\
Opeth	description	\
Opeth	description	840.0
Opeth	description	\
Ladin language	description	Adele Moroder-Lenert talks about her grandparents.
Ladin language	description	Tresl Gruber talks about her youth.
Pink noise	description	10.0
Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme	description	16
The Pirates of Penzance	description	George Baker sings the Major-General's Song with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, conducted by Malcolm Sargent
Bookends	description	\
The Mikado	description	A 1914 Edison Records recording of selections from the overture, \
Princess Superstar	description	Song by Princess Superstar
Ivor Novello	description	Performed by Frederick Wheeler for Edison Records in late 1915.
Orpheus in the Underworld	description	Courtesy of Musopen
H.M.S. Pinafore	description	Part 1 of a 4-part recording of H.M.S. Pinafore created by Edison Records in 1911. Includes \
H.M.S. Pinafore	description	Part 2 of the 4-part recording. Includes \
Maurice Ravel	description	Performed by Thérèse Dussaut.
Art rock	description	Campbell believes that \
Vaudeville	description	1910
Camille Saint-Saëns	description	From Samson and Delilah. Sung by Enrico Caruso in 1916.
Camille Saint-Saëns	description	Improvisation No. 7  performed by Robert Smith
Camille Saint-Saëns	description	Performed by Arthur Grossman on bassoon and Joseph Levine on piano
Camille Saint-Saëns	description	\
African-American Civil Rights Movement	description	--08-28
African-American Civil Rights Movement	description	--08-06
African-American Civil Rights Movement	description	audio only
African-American Civil Rights Movement	description	30.0
African-American Civil Rights Movement	description	James Brown's \
Gustav Holst	description	Performed by the U.S. Marine Band
The Planets	description	A concert band arrangement of Mars, from The Planets, performed by the United States Air Force Heritage of America Band
The Planets	description	A concert band arrangement of Venus, from The Planets, performed by the United States Air Force Heritage of America Band
The Planets	description	Mercury, from The Planets, performed by the United States Air Force Heritage of America Band
The Planets	description	Jupiter, from The Planets, performed by the United States Air Force Heritage of America Band
The Planets	description	A concert band arrangement of Uranus, from The Planets, performed by the United States Air Force Heritage of America Band
Die Walküre	description	American Symphony Orchestra, 1921
La Marseillaise	description	La Marseillaise performed on a synthesizer.
Alice in Chains	description	A sample of \
Alice in Chains	description	A sample of \
Alice in Chains	description	A sample of \
Led Zeppelin II	description	The first single contains strong blues influence and sexual lyrical themes with a predominant guitar riff by Jimmy Page.
Wilhelm II, German Emperor	description	--08-06
Carmen Miranda	description	Carmen Miranda and Mário Reis, released in 1933
Carmen Miranda	description	Carmen Miranda and Mário Reis, released in 1934
Joan Baez	description	Audio only
Joan Baez	description	Joan Baez performs \
Scat singing	description	Al Jolson's scatting during his 1911 recording of \
Scat singing	description	Louis Armstrong's 1926 recording of \
Scat singing	description	The Rhythm Boys scat on their 1927 recording of \
Slow-scan television	description	An image of a sunset sent as Martin M1.
Charles de Gaulle	description	Speech by Charles de Gaulle after the liberation of Paris, August 1944.
Aaron Copland	description	Sample of the opening movement in Copland's ballet
Louis XVI of France	description	Porticodoro / SmartCGArt Media Productions – Classical Orchestra.
Progressive rock	description	Macan writes that King Crimson's album \
Progressive rock	description	\
Progressive rock	description	Supertramp brought progressive rock's sophisticated arrangements and conceptual lyrics into a pop context
Progressive rock	description	1970.0
Progressive rock	description	A multipart suite by Dream Theater that combines elements of progressive rock and heavy metal
Pet Shop Boys	description	30.0
Pet Shop Boys	description	A sample of \
Sawtooth wave	description	220
Sawtooth wave	description	Sawtooth waves played bandlimited and aliased at 440 Hz, 880 Hz, and 1760 Hz
Triangle wave	description	5.0
Triangle wave	description	After each second, a harmonic is added to a sine wave creating a triangle 220 Hz wave
Pneumonia	description	Crackles heard in the lungs of a person with pneumonia using a stethoscope.
Original Dixieland Jass Band	description	The Original Dixieland Jazz Band's original 1917 recording of Livery Stable Blues.
Watergate scandal	description	--08-08
Green Day	description	Sample of \
Green Day	description	Sample of \
Green Day	description	Sample of \
Green Day	description	Sample of \
U2	description	\
U2	description	\
U2	description	\
U2	description	\
New school hip hop	description	LL Cool J's second single for the Def Jam label, features heavy beats and boasting raps, reflective of new school and ghetto-blaster culture.
French hip hop	description	A 30-second sample of \
Cream	description	20.0
Hector Berlioz	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
John Coltrane	description	One of Coltrane's most acclaimed recordings, \
John Coltrane	description	The romantic ballad features Coltrane with pianist Duke Ellington.
Champagne	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski spraying champagne for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Raiders of the Lost Ark	description	Raiders of the Lost Ark
Pulp Fiction	description	Conclusion of the \
Jazz band	description	Oldest known recording of Jazz, on an Edison Blue Amberol wax cylinder in 1916
Muzio Clementi	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Incubus	description	30.0
Cicada	description	Song, New Zealand, 2006
Cicada	description	Chorus of Tanna japonensis, Japan, 2011
Cicada	description	Chorus, Ithaca, 2008
Cicada	description	Song, Texas, 2012
Cicada	description	Song, West Bengal, India, 2016
Fats Waller	description	You Got Everything a Sweet Mama Needs But Me, sung by Sara Martin, with piano accompaniment by Waller in 1922.
Fats Waller	description	'tain't Nobody's Bus'ness if I Do, sung by Sara Martin, with piano accompaniment by Waller, 1922.
Josquin des Prez	description	Four bassoon ensemble performing from Josquin Des Prez's Magnus es tu, Domine.
Ambient music	description	Example of a self-described ambient music song fused with experimental and post rock elements
R. Kelly	description	R. Kelly's \
Voting Rights Act of 1965	description	--08-06
Voting Rights Act of 1965	description	audio only
Peter Gabriel	description	A 1986 duet with Kate Bush, \
Richard Leveridge	description	Henry Fielding wrote \
List of major opera composers	description	Charles Gounod's Faust: Méphistophélès  gives Faust  a glimpse of Marguerite, and he signs the contract with the Devil, then leaves with him to experience the world. Recorded in 1910.
Hawk	description	Scream of a hawk.
Prince	description	A lead single from Purple Rain, \
Thurgood Marshall	description	Video commemorating Thurgood Marshall's life with the screening of  Thurgood, a play starring Laurence Fishburne at the White House as part of Black History Month 2011. The Video discusses Marshall's life and legacy.
Thurgood Marshall	description	Audio only version.
The Cure	description	Sample of \
The Cure	description	Sample of \
The Cure	description	Sample of \
The Cure	description	Sample of \
The Cure	description	Sample of \
Ride cymbal	description	Eighth-note ride pattern
Microwave oven	description	20.0
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	description	All performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	description	Performed by Joan Benson
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Constance Schoepflin
The Day the Music Died	description	The song \
Taiwanese Hokkien	description	Demonstration of the tones of Taiwanese: 衫 saⁿ, 短 té, 褲, khò͘, 闊 khoah, 人 lâng, 矮 é, 鼻 phīⁿ, 直 ti̍t. Tone sandhi rules do not apply in this sentence.
Taiwanese Hokkien	description	An audio sample for a simple sentence, meaning “Today that little girl came to my house to see me”.
Melodica	description	Recording of a Clavietta melodica playing traditional Irish music, \
Music of Latin America	description	Choro \
NATO phonetic alphabet	description	voice recording: NATO phonetic alphabet
Pange Lingua Gloriosi Corporis Mysterium	description	sung by Gareth Hughes.  This is the plainchant version  of Pange Lingua sung to its traditional Latin text.
Syriac language	description	The Lord's Prayer, , sung in Syriac using the western dialect pronunciation
Dial-up Internet access	description	Typical noises of dial-up modem while a modem is establishing connection with a local ISP-server in order to get access to the public Internet.
Alicia Keys	description	\
Alicia Keys	description	Keys often incorporates piano into her songs
United States Naval Academy	description	1929
United States Naval Academy	description	An instrumental sample of a single verse of Anchors Aweigh played by a modern brass band.
Smells Like Teen Spirit	description	Sample of \
Smells Like Teen Spirit	description	Sample of \
Smells Like Teen Spirit	description	Sample of \
Janet Jackson	description	\
Janet Jackson	description	\
Janet Jackson	description	Jackson's \
Janet Jackson	description	Written solely by Jackson, \
Attack on Pearl Harbor	description	Section of Pearl Harbor speech with famous phrase. .
Alanis Morissette	description	The song is considered one of Morissette's signature tunes. It was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 1997.
Alanis Morissette	description	The most successful single from 1998's Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie was written after a trip to India.
Alanis Morissette	description	A live version of this ballad was released to promote 1999's Alanis Unplugged.
Alanis Morissette	description	The first single from So Called Chaos showcased a more relaxed and self-evaluating Morissette and was a moderate success.
Cryptic Writings	description	Chicago Tribune journalist Dean Golemis cited \
Bill Monroe	description	A public domain recording.
Johann Pachelbel	description	Performed on a church organ in Trubschachen, Switzerland by Burghard Fischer
Johann Pachelbel	description	One of Pachelbel's many C major fugues on original themes, this short piece uses a subject with a pattern of repeated notes in a manner discussed above.
Johann Pachelbel	description	The most famous of Pachelbel's organ chaconnes, performed on a church organ in Trubschachen, Switzerland by Burghard Fischer
Johann Pachelbel	description	Played by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the Marcussen organ, Moerdijk, Netherlands.
Johann Pachelbel	description	One of the most outstanding chaconnes of Pachelbel, played by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of Gottfried Silbermann's organ  in Roetha, Germany
Johann Pachelbel	description	The fifth aria from Hexachordum Apollinis  played by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the organ in Smecno, Czech Republic, built ca. 1587
Johann Pachelbel	description	The sixth aria  from Hexachordum Apollinis  played by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the organ in Zlata Koruna, Czech Republic, built 1699
Johann Pachelbel	description	Both performed on a church organ in Trubschachen, Switzerland, by Burghard Fischer
Johann Pachelbel	description	Arrangement for solo piano. Note that this arrangement is not exactly a canon like the original composition.
Pomp and Circumstance Marches	description	--11-12
Mellotron	description	The distinctive \
Kent	description	Sample of \
Kent	description	Sample of \
Kent	description	Sample of \
Kent	description	Sample of \
Kent	description	Sample of \
Colonel Bogey March	description	The \
Lovebird	description	Recording of the blue masked lovebird variety.
Joseph Stiglitz	description	--02-08
Bon Jovi	description	30.0
Veracruz	description	Son huasteco, performed by Los Hijos de la Malinche of Jalitpan, Veracruz
Captain Beefheart	description	While Safe as Milk mostly conveyed a blues–rock sound, songs such as \
Captain Beefheart	description	\
Captain Beefheart	description	\
Captain Beefheart	description	\
Captain Beefheart	description	\
Captain Beefheart	description	Ice Cream for Crow, the title track of the final Beefheart album
Captain Beefheart	description	Van Vliet's idiosyncratic vocal on Zappa's \
Troubadour	description	The only existing song by a trobairitz which survives with music.
Modest Mussorgsky	description	Rimsky-Korsakov's edited version of the piece, performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Modest Mussorgsky	description	Arrangement for two pianos
Modest Mussorgsky	description	Performed by David Hernando
Chirp	description	Sound example for linear chirp
Chirp	description	Sound example for exponential chirp
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band	description	MacDonald praises McCartney's \
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band	description	The recording utilises the sound of a tamboura blended with a Lowrey organ, creating what Hannan regards as one of the album's \
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band	description	Hannan writes: \
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band	description	Womack describes the \
University of Mississippi	description	The first commercial blues recording was Mamie Smith's performance of Perry Bradford's \
Glenn Gould	description	The only organ recordings Gould made were the first nine parts of Bach's The Art of Fugue.
Glenn Gould	description	Gould recorded several Handel suites and a few pieces from J.S. Bach's WTC on a Wittmayer harpsichord. The somewhat muffled sound of this 20th-century instrument is very different from modern recordings that are made using copies of old harpsichords.
Vibrato	description	Note that the first note is played without vibrato, while the second is.
Anton Webern	description	Webern's \
Anton Webern	description	A sample from Webern's String Trio , op. 20, \
Rigoletto	description	Enrico Caruso singing \
Rigoletto	description	Enrico Caruso, Bessie Abott, Louise Homer and Antonio Scotti's 1907 Victor Records recording
John Cage	description	Performed in 1958 by Arline Carmen  and John Cage . This is one of the rare recordings of Cage performing his own instrumental music.
John Cage	description	Interpretation of piece that Cage composed in 1948, with sound synthesis and digital instruments
John Cage	description	Performed by the composer in 1976, shortly before he had to retire from performing.
BBC Radiophonic Workshop	description	An excerpt from Whale Theme from the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy TV series , BBC Radiophonic Workshop
Breakbeat	description	Sample of Hashim's \
Breakbeat	description	A clip of downtempo progressive breaks music.
Barn swallow	description	A barn swallow song recorded at the Minnesota Valley National Wildlife Refuge
Goldberg Variations	description	All of the above performed by David Ezra Okonşar.
Goldberg Variations	description	Goldberg Variations bass line
Goldberg Variations	description	Performed by Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka. This file is available in \
Goldberg Variations	description	Performed by Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka
Ornament	description	First bar of Goldberg Variation 7, first played with lower mordents, then without
Ornament	description	A passage with two phrases ending in appoggiaturas, followed by these phrases without them
Arnold Schoenberg	description	Played by the Carmel Quartet with soprano Rona Israel-Kolatt, in 2007
Maamme	description	Finnish national anthem performed in 1929, with Heikki Klemetti conducting, music composed by Fredrik Pacius
Richard Strauss	description	Burleske , performed by Neal O'Doan with the Seattle Philharmonic Orchestra
American robin	description	Dawn song of the American robin, with a chickadee heard faintly in the background.
Hair	description	A chorus from the original Broadway cast
Hair	description	The end of a verse and a chorus of the title song
Hair	description	The nude scene at the end of Act I
Hair	description	The last verse of \
Hair	description	From the 2009 revival recording.
The Jazz Singer	description	The spoken words that made movie history  and the opening of \
Animal echolocation	description	Recording of Pipistrellus bat approaching its prey.
Justin Timberlake	description	A 23-second sample of Justin Timberlake's \
Justin Timberlake	description	A 29-second sample of \
Shocking Blue	description	An excerpt from Venus
Selena	description	\
Johann Joachim Quantz	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Leading-tone	description	Leading tone repeats four times over dominant  chord which then moves to the tonic  as the leading tone resolves upwards to the tonic
Viking metal	description	\
Viking metal	description	\
Nine Inch Nails	description	Album version, as it appeared on The Fragile
Nine Inch Nails	description	Album version, as it appeared on The Downward Spiral
Nine Inch Nails	description	Album version, as it appeared on Year Zero
Jefferson Airplane	description	An excerpt from Jefferson Airplane's White Rabbit from Surrealistic Pillow
Hardcore punk	description	Sample of Black Flag \
Hardcore punk	description	Sample of Bad Brain's \
Dream Theater	description	\
Dream Theater	description	\
Dream Theater	description	\
Dream Theater	description	\
Dream Theater	description	Part one of the eight parts that constitute \
Dream Theater	description	\
Gabriel Fauré	description	A shorter choral work by Fauré
Gabriel Fauré	description	The Berceuse from Dolly by Gabriel Fauré.
Gabriel Fauré	description	Arranged for bassoon and piano, performed by Kathleen Walsh  and Amy Crane
Gabriel Fauré	description	Performed by Hans Goldstein  and Eli Kalman
Gabriel Fauré	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Double Indemnity	description	The nervous running figure for tremolo strings sets off each of Neff's flashbacks to represent the conspirator's activities.
Slayer	description	\
Slayer	description	-3.0
Folk metal	description	21.0
Folk metal	description	18.0
Folk metal	description	27.0
Folk metal	description	20.0
Folk metal	description	A longer example of folk metal from Balkandji's first album Probuzhdane.
Folk metal	description	30.0
Thrash metal	description	The second track from Megadeth's third studio album, So Far, So Good... So What!
Sitar	description	70.0
Jaws	description	The main theme for Jaws, revolving around an ostinato of bass notes, which composer John Williams said were meant to represent the shark as an \
Marian Anderson	description	Anderson with the San Francisco Symphony, conducted by Pierre Monteux
Rubber Soul	description	Sample from \
Rubber Soul	description	Sample from \
Revolver	description	Womack characterises the solo as \
Revolver	description	\
Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov	description	Flight of the Bumblebee performed by US Army Band
Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov	description	Arrangement for two pianos by Russel Warner, performed by Neal and Nancy O'Doan
Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov	description	1929
Henry Fillmore	description	Fillmore's Troopers Tribunal, a circus march in which Fillmore used a punning name – it actually refers to troupers, as in a circus troupe – in order to conceal who he wrote the march for from his conservative father.
Henry Fillmore	description	Fillmore's \
Henry Fillmore	description	Fillmore's \
Henry Fillmore	description	Fillmore's \
American march music	description	Austrian Johann Strauss I's \
American march music	description	The United States Marine Band performs The Washington Post, which is one of Sousa's most famous marches
American march music	description	Henry Fillmore's \
American march music	description	The United States Marine Band performs \
American march music	description	The Thunderer's introduction
American march music	description	The Thunderer's first strain
American march music	description	The Thunderer's second strain
American march music	description	The Thunderer's trio
American march music	description	The rest of The Thunderer
American march music	description	Full midi of The Thunderer by John Philip Sousa
Antonín Dvořák	description	From Rusalka . Performed in German by Czech soprano Emmy Destinn in 1915.
Antonín Dvořák	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples .
Antonín Dvořák	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein  and Monica Pavel .
Loop	description	\
Indri	description	The wailing \
Brian Boru	description	Brian Boru's March performed by military band.
Van Morrison	description	Morrison's classic 1967 hit single which appeared on the album Blowin' Your Mind!. In 2007, it was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
Van Morrison	description	The 1968 title song featuring the opening lines of the album: \
Van Morrison	description	Morrison sings the opening lines in falsetto and synthesisers mimic the sounds of the short wave radio stations that he listened to as a boy.
Van Morrison	description	The 2008 titled song, \
The Velvet Underground & Nico	description	The second track of The Velvet Underground & Nico. The percussive, \
The Velvet Underground & Nico	description	The seventh track from The Velvet Underground & Nico. As the song nears its final crescendo, the percussion quickens and the electric viola produces feedback.
Wilco	description	Sample from \
Wilco	description	The first track from Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, this song featured an intro on bells composed by Glenn Kotche.
Cat Stevens	description	Sample of \
Cat Stevens	description	Sample of \
Cat Stevens	description	Sample of \
Cat Stevens	description	Sample of \
Cat Stevens	description	Sample of \
The Raven	description	432.0
Ralph Vaughan Williams	description	Performed by the US Army Band strings
Oratorio	description	Recorded in 1916.
Yankee Doodle	description	Performed by Carrie Rehkopf
Yankee Doodle	description	Choral version by United States Army Chorus
Rage Against the Machine	description	Sample of \
Manu Chao	description	23.0
Coldplay	description	\
Coldplay	description	From the album A Rush of Blood to the Head, Martin wrote \
Coldplay	description	Appearing on X&Y, the music of \
Nick Drake	description	\
Nick Drake	description	\
Nick Drake	description	The piano overdub on \
Nick Drake	description	\
Michael Nyman	description	From the Gattaca soundtrack by Michael Nyman
Elliott Smith	description	5.364792E8
Elliott Smith	description	Sample of Elliott Smith's \
Elliott Smith	description	Sample of Elliott Smith's \
Elliott Smith	description	Sample of Elliott Smith's \
Cher	description	In \
Cher	description	\
Yello	description	An excerpt from \
Brian Wilson	description	Written and produced by Brian Wilson, \
Brian Wilson	description	Initially demoed in 1969 and largely recorded in 1970, Wilson has referred to \
Brian Wilson	description	An excerpt of \
Paul Hindemith	description	performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Myrrha	description	A rendition of the piano reduction of Sousa's 1876 \
Otello	description	1914
Otello	description	Francesco Tamagno, the original Otello, sings \
Pulp	description	\
Pulp	description	\
Marc-Antoine Charpentier	description	After Psalm 137; live recording
Battle of Leuctra	description	An audio recording of this Wikipedia article
1984 Summer Olympics	description	composed by John Williams for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and performed by the Boston Pops Orchestra
Chamber music	description	played by Roxana Pavel Goldstein, Elizabeth Choi, violins; Elias Goldstein, Sally Chisholm, violas; Jocelyn Butler, cello.
Chamber music	description	D. 803, first movement, performed on period instruments
Chamber music	description	third movement by the Carmel Quartet
Chamber music	description	First movement, performed by William McColl and the Orford String Quartet.
Chamber music	description	Played by the Carmel Quartet.
Chamber music	description	Played by the Carmel Quartet with soprano Rona Israel-Kolatt. This is the first explicitly atonal piece.
Nightwish	description	Nightwish's style in this period made heavy use of Tarja's soprano lead against an orchestral background
Chiptune	description	Sega's arcade game Super Locomotive  by Fukumura Mizunaga features a chiptune cover version of Yellow Magic Orchestra's synthpop hit \
Chiptune	description	\
Chiptune	description	400.0
Chiptune	description	These are examples of modern-day chiptune tracks distributed as stand-alone music files without being a part of a video game soundtrack.
Ricky Martin	description	At age thirteen, Martin made his recording debut on the song \
Space Race	description	1900800.0
Space Race	description	Gagarin's voice
Space Race	description	\
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow	description	The short story read by Chip from the LibriVox project.
OK Computer	description	\
OK Computer	description	\
OK Computer	description	\
Darius Milhaud	description	Suite for oboe, clarinet and bassoon, Op. 161b ; after the incidental music Jules César, Op. 158
Finnegan's Wake	description	Tune for Finnegan's Wake
Dieterich Buxtehude	description	Live recording
Dieterich Buxtehude	description	Played with organ .
Dieterich Buxtehude	description	A sacred cantata for soprano and bass.
Dieterich Buxtehude	description	A toccata for organ.
Dieterich Buxtehude	description	Performed in 2005 by Bangkok Baroque Ensemble and Musica Ficta Bangkok
Dieterich Buxtehude	description	Performed on organ
History of music	description	Monteverdi's Cruda Amarilli is an example of polyphonic Renaissance vocal music.
History of music	description	Pachelbel's Canon in D major is built on ground bass, a common method in the Baroque period.
History of music	description	The \
History of music	description	The opening movement of Mozart's 40th Symphony is in sonata form.
History of music	description	The prelude to Richard Wagner's Tristan und Isolde is an example of Romanticism.
Carillon	description	O Canada and the Royal Anthem, God Save the King, performed by Percival Price using carillon bells at the Peace Tower in Ottawa
Noise music	description	10.0
Joe Cocker	description	Drums by Procol Harum's B.J. Wilson, guitar lines from Jimmy Page, and organ by Tommy Eyre.
Ferris Bueller's Day Off	description	An excerpt from \
Holler	description	A sample of the song, it has a different sound than their previous songs, with a more upbeat R&B sound.
Wilhelm Furtwängler	description	Furtwängler's handling of this passage from the first movement of Brahms's Second Symphony has been widely praised for its handling of tempo and mood
Wilhelm Furtwängler	description	This crescendo passage from the beginning of Bruckner's Fifth Symphony displays a frenetic energy characteristic of Furtwängler's World War II performances
Alabama	description	\
Eva Cassidy	description	Cassidy's arrangement of T-Bone Walker's popular blues song.
Christian rock	description	Jars of Clay 1995
Yes Minister	description	An example of Hawthorne's performance of the \
Amon Tobin	description	\
Amon Tobin	description	\
Phreaking	description	A 2600 Hz sine wave tone
Castlemaine XXXX	description	\
I Drove All Night	description	30.0
Bananarama	description	An excerpt from Bananarama's 1986 version of Venus
Eagles	description	The first hit of the Eagles, \
Eagles	description	After Bernie Leadon left, little country influence remained in the Eagles' next album which became more rock. Here Felder and Walsh play guitars on \
Eagles	description	The climax of \
Industrial music	description	Sample of \
Underworld	description	The band's 1993 dance anthem, \
Der er et yndigt land	description	Instrumental version on a piano
Thunder	description	A short sample of a crack of thunder during the sound of falling rain
The Tides of Manaunaun	description	The first thirty seconds of the piece, as performed by Henry Cowell in 1963
Slipknot	description	16.0
Signals	description	\
Carl Nielsen	description	Performed by James Galway  with the Carion quintet
Carl Nielsen	description	Christmas hymn played on piano, lyrics by N. F. S. Grundtvig omitted
Carl Nielsen	description	Played on piano, lyrics by Poul Martin Møller omitted
Carl Nielsen	description	Played on piano, lyrics by Jeppe Aakjær omitted
Van Dyke Parks	description	Recorded by many artists including Bobby Vee, Ruthann Friedman, The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band, and Jackie DeShannon, \
Van Dyke Parks	description	By combining orchestral textures and traditional Americana-meets-psychedelic pop song structure, Song Cycle formally established Parks' signature approach of mining and updating old American musical traditions of Tin Pan Alley and Dixieland.
Van Dyke Parks	description	\
Carl Perkins	description	The rockabilly song \
The Byrds	description	An excerpt from the Byrds' cover of \
The Byrds	description	A sample of the Byrds' recording of \
The Byrds	description	An excerpt from the Byrds' recording of \
The Byrds	description	An excerpt from the intro of \
The Byrds	description	A sample of the country-influenced Chris Hillman composition \
The Byrds	description	An excerpt from the song \
The Byrds	description	As the lead single from Sweetheart of the Rodeo, \
The Byrds	description	An excerpt from an outtake of the song \
The Byrds	description	An excerpt from \
Christoph Willibald Gluck	description	Piece from the opera Paride ed Elena performed in 1935, lyrics by Ranieri de' Calzabigi, conducted by Dino Olivieri, performed by Beniamino Gigli and orchestra members of La Scala, Milan
Christoph Willibald Gluck	description	Performed by Ernestine Schumann-Heink in 1907
Paul Whiteman	description	Three O'Clock in the Morning, performed by Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra for Victor Records.
Durga	description	51.0
Emo	description	The melodic guitars, varied rhythms, and deeply personal lyrics of Rites of Spring broke from the rigid boundaries of hardcore punk and helped launch the \
Emo	description	Kiss the Bottle,' more than any other song, captures the sensitive boy machismo that drew  male listeners to the altar of Schwarzenbach.\
Emo	description	1990.0
Emo	description	Texas Is the Reason bridged indie rock and emo by blending melody with punk musicianship and singing directly to the listener.
Emo	description	Pinkerton's abrasive sound and confessional lyrics led to critical and commercial failure in the short term, but in retrospect it is regarded as the most important emo album of the 1990s.
Emo	description	Andy Greenwald calls \
Emo	description	-1990.0
Emo	description	Clarity was an underground hit for Jimmy Eat World even though it was not a commercial success, despite the promotion of \
Emo	description	The Get Up Kids' Something to Write Home About helped Vagrant Records expand into a much larger label and sign numerous other emo acts.
Emo	description	\
Emo	description	\
Switchfoot	description	A sample of \
Naqoyqatsi	description	From Naqoyqatsi by Philip Glass
Alberti bass	description	Performed by Robin Alciatore. Courtesy of Musopen
Insomniac	description	\
Insomniac	description	\
Jimmy Page	description	Sample of \
Protein Data Bank	description	Protein structure
Protein Data Bank	description	X-ray crystallography
Protein Data Bank	description	Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy of proteins
Binaural recording	description	A binaural recording. The desired effect can be achieved only with stereo headphones.
Mormon Tabernacle Choir	description	Text written by William Clayton in 1846. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2008.
Mormon Tabernacle Choir	description	Text written by Bruce R. McConkie in 1972 with music written by John Longhurst in 1985. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2007.
Mormon Tabernacle Choir	description	From \
Mormon Tabernacle Choir	description	Music and text written by Naomi Ward Randall in 1957. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2005.
Mormon Tabernacle Choir	description	Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in 1997.
Benedetto Marcello	description	Performed by Albert Tipton  and Mary Norris
Black Flag	description	Sample of Black Flag \
Black Flag	description	Sample of Black Flag \
Emergency position-indicating radiobeacon station	description	Transmission of a distress radiobeacon on 121.5 MHz and 243 MHz
Hitler Has Only Got One Ball	description	The melody used for \
Deftones	description	9.0
Deftones	description	Sample of \
Deftones	description	Sample of \
Deftones	description	Sample of \
Deftones	description	Sample of \
MC Ren	description	from Straight Outta Compton
Clara Bow	description	Bow sings in Paramount on Parade
Eubie Blake	description	--05-17
Estuary English	description	An example of a Berkshire male with a working-class Estuary accent
Estuary English	description	An example of an Essex male with a working-class Estuary accent
Nancy Cartwright	description	26
Platoon	description	Platoons famous theme, composed by Samuel Barber.
Tender Mercies	description	Robert Duvall insisted on singing his own songs in Tender Mercies.
Tender Mercies	description	\
Anthem of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic	description	1970.0
Sylvie Vartan	description	Sample from \
Stereolab	description	Sample of \
Stereolab	description	Sample of \
Stereolab	description	Sample of \
Stereolab	description	Sample of \
Stereolab	description	Sample of \
Scream	description	The theme for the main character of Sidney Prescott by Marco Beltrami is used throughout the series.
Jailhouse Rock	description	Elvis Presley's \
Phonograph cylinder	description	1910
Phonograph cylinder	description	This is the earliest surviving intentional recording of music, and was played at the conference introducing the phonograph to London.
Phonograph cylinder	description	One of the earliest surviving wax cylinder recordings.
Paul is dead	description	The claimed backmasked section of Revolution 9.
Paul is dead	description	The same section, reversed, which was claimed to sound like \
Synthpop	description	Example of a self-described synthpop song fused with downtempo and ambient music elements
Synthpop	description	2010.0
Synthpop	description	A 2008 song by Japanese singer Saoriiiii displaying elements of dance-oriented synthpop.
Güiro	description	Sounds of the güiro
Misfits	description	\
Public Image Ltd	description	\
Public Image Ltd	description	\
Bugle	description	Reveille as played on the bugle by the United States Army Band
Van Halen	description	Sample of \
Leoš Janáček	description	Composed in 1914, performed with success in England in the 1920s.
Johann Strauss I	description	Strauss' most famous work, \
The Piano	description	Extract from the score of the 1993 film \
Flat	description	Example of flats in music on piano: an A, then A
Bedřich Smetana	description	Piano: Veronika Ptáčková
Let It Be	description	The Beatles' \
My Bloody Valentine	description	From This is Your Bloody Valentine , \
My Bloody Valentine	description	From Ecstasy , \
My Bloody Valentine	description	From Glider  and Loveless , \
My Bloody Valentine	description	From Isn't Anything , \
My Bloody Valentine	description	-1990.0
Timpani	description	Richard Strauss's Burleske begins with the main theme played on the timpani.
Sviatoslav Richter	description	In this 1963 studio recording of Schubert's Wanderer Fantasy, Richter demonstrates his barnstorming technique and ability to control all aspects of his playing to bring out the structural features of a work as he moves from the end of the third movement into the beginning of the finale.
Bad Brains	description	Sample of \
Bad Brains	description	Sample of \
Henryk Górecki	description	Sample from the 2nd movement
Arthur Honegger	description	Performed by Sarah Bassingthwaite
Charles-Marie Widor	description	Symphonie pour orgue No. 5, Op. 42, No. 1 – V. Toccata , performed by Hans-Eberhard Roß
Charles-Marie Widor	description	393.0
Charles-Marie Widor	description	223.0
Madonna	description	\
Madonna	description	Composed with the darker electronic undertones, eastern strings and Middle Eastern percussion, \
The Notorious B.I.G.	description	Wallace, accompanied by ad libs from Sean \
The Notorious B.I.G.	description	Wallace tells vivid stories about his everyday life as a criminal in Brooklyn .
Around the Fur	description	Sample of \
Franz Danzi	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Faith No More	description	30.0
Pantera	description	The title track from the band's major label debut featuring the \
Pantera	description	Walk is off the critically acclaimed Vulgar Display of Power which showcases the band's later groove metal style.
Pantera	description	The fourth track from the commercially successful Far Beyond Driven that was nominated for a Best Metal Performance Grammy at the 1995 Awards.
Pantera	description	The prevailing track from 1996's The Great Southern Trendkill.
Pantera	description	\
The Breeders	description	Sample of \
Twelve-tone technique	description	Sample of \
The War of the Worlds	description	A five-minute portion of the original broadcast
Adam's Song	description	A sampling of the song's second verse, illustrating the song's suicidal lyrics and Barker's drum pattern
Take Off Your Pants and Jacket	description	\
Take Off Your Pants and Jacket	description	Bassist Mark Hoppus called \
Enema of the State	description	\
Nevermind	description	A sample of \
Nevermind	description	A sample of \
Nevermind	description	A sample of \
Escape	description	\
Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds	description	20.0
Starter	description	A starter motor with Bendix Folo-Thru drive cranks a Chrysler Slant-6 engine. The Folo-Thru drive pinion stays engaged through a cylinder firing but not causing the engine to start
Starter	description	A Chrysler gear-reduction starter cranks a V8 engine
Alexander Borodin	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Alexander Borodin	description	Recorded during a live performance in 1970; performed by Georgi Petrov
Alexander Borodin	description	Performed by Daniel Bautista
Mily Balakirev	description	MIDI performance by Bernd Krueger
The Fifth Element	description	A sample of Inva Mula's vocals in The Diva Dance
My Country, 'Tis of Thee	description	Piano and violin arrangement of \
Perfect fourth	description	The file plays middle C, followed by F , followed by both tones together.
Christina Aguilera	description	In the ballad \
S Club 7	description	S Club 7's debut single and theme music to Miami 7.
S Club 7	description	S Club 7's first single from 7 and theme tune to L.A. 7.
S Club 7	description	S Club 7's 2000 Children in Need song and second UK number one.
S Club 7	description	\
S Club 7	description	S Club's first single as S Club and theme tune to Viva S Club.
S Club 7	description	The group's final single.
Ocarina	description	An E major  scale, followed by a rendition of Frère Jacques. This is a home-made six-hole English Pendant ocarina.
SOS	description	SOS in Morse code
28 Days Later	description	Music from the 2002 film 28 Days Later.
Highway 61 Revisited	description	In 2004, Rolling Stone magazine ranked \
Highway 61 Revisited	description	According to critic Andy Gill, \
Highway 61 Revisited	description	-1960.0
Pet Sounds	description	\
Pet Sounds	description	For the basic rhythmic feel of \
Pet Sounds	description	\
Pet Sounds	description	Consequence of Sound's Zach Ruskin expressed: \
Pet Sounds	description	A Leslie speaker was used to filter lead guitar for the title track \
Click track	description	Example of a basic 4/4, 120 BPM click track
Click track	description	Example of a subdivided 4/4, 50 BPM click track
Aretha Franklin	description	\
The Supremes	description	\
The Supremes	description	\
The Supremes	description	--03-21
The Supremes	description	\
The Supremes	description	\
The Supremes	description	The final number-one hit for Diana Ross & the Supremes, \
Kyuss	description	Sample of \
Stevie Wonder	description	from Talking Book by Stevie Wonder, Motown 1972-10-27. Sample from Stevie Wonder Song Review: A Greatest Hits Collection, Motown, 1996-12-10
Kimigayo	description	Recording made in 1930
Kimigayo	description	Midi rendition of Fenton's original
Dusty Springfield	description	Sample from \
Dusty Springfield	description	Sample from \
Nervous Breakdown	description	Sample of Black Flag \
Slip It In	description	Sample of Black Flag's title track.
My War	description	\
Marvin Gaye	description	\
Marvin Gaye	description	\
Marvin Gaye	description	\
Big Star	description	Sample of \
Big Star	description	Sample of \
Big Star	description	Sample of \
Big Star	description	Sample of \
Liz Phair	description	from Yo Yo Buddy Yup Yup Word To Ya Muthuh
Liz Phair	description	from Exile in Guyville
Liz Phair	description	from whitechocolatespaceegg
Rollins Band	description	30.0
Jaco Pastorius	description	Sample from \
Aquemini	description	The twelfth track on the album contains influence from reggae and spoken word musical styles and features a recurring horn riff throughout the song.
Aquemini	description	This song delves into a variety of musical genres including gospel, jazz, blues, and world music. \
Adriano Banchieri	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
The Wall	description	2.0
The Wall	description	Planet Rock listeners voted \
The Wall	description	The album culminates with Pink's internal trial, leading to the collapse of his 'wall'
The Allman Brothers Band	description	1200.0
The Allman Brothers Band	description	\
The Allman Brothers Band	description	\
Aerosmith	description	Sample of \
Aerosmith	description	Sample of \
Aerosmith	description	Sample of \
Aerosmith	description	Sample of \
Aerosmith	description	Sample of \
DC	description	The second single of High Voltage demonstrates a combination of the bagpipes with more traditional rock instruments while the lyrics discuss the perils of being in a rock band.
DC	description	\
DC	description	Sample of Black Ices lead single \
The Verve	description	The lead track on their album, Urban Hymns, \
Chris Waddle	description	Audio pronunciation of Chris Waddle's surname
Piano Sonata No. 14	description	Created in MIDI and recorded from a digital piano
Piano Sonata No. 14	description	Performed by Paul Pitman for Musopen
Piano Sonata No. 14	description	Performed by Paul Pitman for Musopen.
Willie Nelson	description	Written by Willie Nelson, \
Willie Nelson	description	Introduction of the song \
Willie Nelson	description	Part of the hit album Honeysuckle Rose. On the Road Again peaked number one on Hot Country Songs in 1980.
Red box	description	The .25 USD tone sequence.
Bergen-Belsen concentration camp	description	--04-20
Aliasing	description	440
The Marshall Mathers LP	description	The album's third single has been referred to as the album's centerpiece and features a sample of Dido's \
The Cult	description	An excerpt from \
Vincent Price	description	excerpt from the voiceover session for the 1982 album.
La Toya Jackson	description	A sample from \
La Toya Jackson	description	A sample from \
Queensrÿche	description	Sample of \
Queensrÿche	description	Sample of the power ballad \
Queensrÿche	description	Sample of \
Jean-Philippe Rameau	description	Performed in 1953 by Marcelle Meyer
Organ	description	Improvisation in e, played on the organ located in the St. George's Minster in the town of Dinkelsbühl
John Sebastian	description	by John Sebastian, Welcome Back, Reprise Records 1976. Sample from The Best of John Sebastian, Rhino Entertainment/WEA Corp., 1989, 1990\n  format=Ogg
Sum 41	description	Sample of \
Sum 41	description	Sample of \
Sum 41	description	Sum 41 returned to more of a pop-punk sound in Underclass Hero.
Christmas carol	description	\
Christmas music	description	--12-23
Christmas music	description	--12-15
Christmas music	description	Tune of traditional English Christmas carol transcribed by CambridgeBayWeather.
Christmas music	description	A traditional Catalan Christmas carol, arranged for guitar.
Phil Collins	description	The first track from Genesis's A Trick of the Tail was Collins's début as the group's full-time lead singer. A progressive rock track with complex time signatures, it contrasts with the style of his later work.
Phil Collins	description	\
Phil Collins	description	\
Phil Collins	description	A sample of \
Franz Xaver Gruber	description	Choral version by United States Army Chorus
The Afghan Whigs	description	Sample of the 1993 Afghan Whigs track \
John Williams	description	The main theme for Jaws, revolving around an ostinato of bass notes, which composer John Williams said were meant to represent the shark as an \
John Williams	description	Indiana Jones' main motif, introduced in Raiders of the Lost Ark
John Williams	description	A selection from the iconic \
John Williams	description	Theme music for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles
Mongolian language	description	A three-minute video of Mongolians speaking the Khalkha dialect. At the end, a short speech is given by an older man, which is then translated into English by one of the younger Mongols.
Diana Ross	description	Diana Ross, the lead singer of the Supremes, performing \
Diana Ross	description	\
Louis Vierne	description	Performed by Marc Giacone
Louis Vierne	description	Matthias Flierl plays the organ of St. Jakob, Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Germany
Louis Vierne	description	Performed on an organ by Ulrich Metzner
Gregorian chant	description	Introit for the Mass in honor of Henry, patron saint of Finland
Gregorian chant	description	This chant corresponds to the second one on the manuscript folio above beneath the large rubric Responsorium Graduale; by Schola Antiqua of Chicago.
Gregorian chant	description	Example of liturgical recitative in Gregorian chant
Gregorian chant	description	Example of antiphonal psalmody in Gregorian chant
Gregorian chant	description	Example of responsorial psalmody in Gregorian chant
Gregorian chant	description	Example of musical repeat structures in Gregorian chant
Gregorian chant	description	Marian antiphon sung at Compline and Lauds between the First Sunday of Advent and Candlemas
Royal Liverpool Philharmonic	description	Extract from 2006 Ludovico Einaudi album \
Animals	description	The \
Kim Deal	description	is the eighth track of Pod. This album version sample contains the chorus.
Black Francis	description	is the opening track of Doolittle. This sample contains the first chorus and the bridge into the second verse.
Black Francis	description	is the sixth track from Trompe le Monde. This sample contains the end of the first verse and the chorus.
Remix	description	29.0
Remix	description	28.0
Brandenburg Gate	description	--06-12
Numbers station	description	\
Numbers station	description	Recording of the \
Arendonk	description	Dialect spoken nickname of an Arendonk inhabitant
Descendents	description	The use of melodies and mixing them with hardcore punk found on Milo Goes to College was considered very unusual at the time by the punk scene but was considered as a massive influence by melodic hardcore and pop punk bands.
Descendents	description	\
Descendents	description	\
Descendents	description	\
Descendents	description	\
Descendents	description	Bassist Tony Lombardo's use of eighth note chord progressions, played in runs, provides a foundation for the melody of the songs on the album. He and guitarist Frank Navetta played all down strokes rather than alternate picking, to give the songs a more aggressive sound.
Hazzan	description	Cantor Meyer Kanewsky's 1919 performance of the last part of Parshat Haketoret, a passage often read after the morning service in Judaism.
Kol Nidre	description	Zonophone A 60, with van Biene on cello, circa 1908
Diabelli Variations	description	The performer of the audio files in this article is Neal O'Doan.
Roland TR-808	description	\
Roland TR-808	description	\
Roland TR-808	description	\
Roland TR-808	description	\
Roland TR-808	description	\
Queens of the Stone Age	description	Mexicola audio sample
Rated R	description	Feel Good Hit of the Summer audio sample
Songs for the Deaf	description	The opening of the album's lead single.
Songs for the Deaf	description	The chorus of the second single taken from Songs for the Deaf.
Songs for the Deaf	description	The opening of the third single from Songs for the Deaf.
Iron Maiden	description	\
Iron Maiden	description	\
Iron Maiden	description	\
Change ringing	description	Plain Bob Minor played using synthesised bell sounds. The bells start ringing rounds followed by a plain course of Plain Bob Minor  and finish in rounds again.
Nickelback	description	Nickelback's \
Hans Zimmer	description	A clip from the score of the 1995 film Crimson Tide.
Hans Zimmer	description	A clip from the score of the 2000 film Gladiator.
Triangle	description	A triangle played latin style, opening and closing the hand for rhythmic effect.
Slash's Snakepit	description	A sample of \
Slash's Snakepit	description	A sample of \
Shipping Forecast	description	An extract of the area forecasts
Marvin	description	An excerpt from Marvin
Leaves of Grass	description	An 1890 recording, thought to be of Walt Whitman, reading the opening four lines of his poem \
Leaves of Grass	description	--05-11
Joe Strummer	description	Joe Strummer & the Mescaleros
London Calling	description	The song's lyrics were influenced by the March 1979 meltdown of a nuclear reactor at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania.
London Calling	description	The song was the first composed solely by Paul Simonon and discusses an individual's paranoid outlook on life.
Oasis	description	The lead single from Be Here Now, \
Silent Night	description	Choral version performed by the United States Army Chorus
Silent Night	description	Soprano solo performed by Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Silent Night	description	Instrumental version played on piano by Kevin MacLeod in 2000
Carl Czerny	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Vladimir Mayakovsky	description	Vladimir Mayakovsky reading his poem An Extraordinary Adventure, 1920
Dial tone	description	Listen to a dial tone from North America and United Kindgom.
Thomas Moore	description	sung by Adelina Patti in 1906
Ut queant laxis	description	First verse of the hymn
Glenda Jackson	description	--07-06
Hank Williams	description	The popular song \
Hank Williams	description	A major hit for Hank Williams, \
Hank Williams	description	One characteristic of Williams' recordings as Luke the Drifter is the use of narration rather than singing.
Pierre Monteux	description	Scheherazade by Rimsky-Korsakov performed by the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra conducted by Pierre Monteux, with violin solo by Naoum Blinder
1921 in music	description	Ain't We Got Fun?, recorded by Billy Jones in 1921 for Edison Records.
1921 in music	description	--05-17
1910 in music	description	A 1910 Edison Records recording of vaudeville performer Edward M. Favor's rendition of Clarence Wainwright Murphy's song How can they tell that I'm Irish?
1909 in music	description	1909
1902 in music	description	Lillian Russell's only recording, from 1912. During the production of Twirly Whirly , composer John Stromberg delayed giving her her solo for several days, saying it wasn't ready. When he committed suicide a few days before the first rehearsal, the sheet music for \
Tracey Emin	description	--04-22
...And Justice for All	description	The title track is based on an aggressive riff and a drum pattern by Ulrich.
...And Justice for All	description	\
Leopold Stokowski	description	Piece by Johann Sebastian Bach, both parts performed in 1928 by the Philadelphia Orchestra under the direction of Leopold Stokowski
Booker T. & the M.G.'s	description	The first track from the band's debut album. The tempo, tone and technique of \
Gladys Knight & the Pips	description	Gladys Knight & the Pips' version of the song, from their 1967 album Everybody Needs Love.
Godsmack	description	\
Godsmack	description	\
Godsmack	description	\
Gladys Knight	description	Gladys Knight & the Pips' version of the song, from their 1967 album Everybody Needs Love.
Electronic body music	description	The clip illustrates some characteristics of the genre, such as beats, sequences and sampling .
Electronic body music	description	A harsher variant of the genre, prevalent in Sweden .
Frank Loesser	description	Performed by the West Point Cadet Glee Club, 1959.
Dawn chorus	description	A recording of a dawn chorus in the UK
Himni i Flamurit	description	An instrumental recording of Himni i Flamurit by the United States Navy Band.
The Crystals	description	The 1963 hits \
Dick Dale	description	1960.0
Dick Dale	description	Dick Dale's Misirlou , a surf rock version of a folk song. It is often considered Dale's signature single.
Gospel music	description	Yolanda Adams performs \
Gospel music	description	audio only file
Alternative rock	description	Sample of \
The Jesus and Mary Chain	description	\
No Doubt	description	Arguably the band's most famous song.
No Doubt	description	The lead single from Return of Saturn, produced with Talking Heads member Jerry Harrison.
No Doubt	description	The band's second highest charting U.S. single, produced with Sly & Robbie in Jamaica and featuring Lady Saw.
Rock Steady	description	The album's lead single, a ragga song about the band's groupies.
Rock Steady	description	The third single, a slower reggae song with a toast from Lady Saw.
Folk rock	description	-1960.0
Folk rock	description	The subtle folk influences evident in such Beatles' songs as \
Folk rock	description	The use of folk influences in the Beatles' music became even more explicit during 1965, with the release of \
Folk rock	description	An excerpt from the Byrds' version of \
S.C.I.E.N.C.E.	description	30.0
Flashdance	description	listen to a clip from the song.
Flashdance	description	listen to a clip from the track.
Music of Turkey	description	An example of Turkish classical music.
Music of Turkey	description	Instrumental wedding music of Istanbul.
Music of Turkey	description	Introduction to Mevlevi religious ceremonial music.
PJ Harvey	description	from Dry
PJ Harvey	description	The album's title track \
PJ Harvey	description	The first single was called \
PJ Harvey	description	from To Bring You My Love
PJ Harvey	description	from Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea . The song drew comparisons to Patti Smith and Chrissie Hynde.
The Vines	description	\
Nelly	description	sample of \
Nelly	description	A sample of \
TLC	description	Written by Lisa \
Manic Street Preachers	description	The song has a different pace from all the other songs in the album. The lyrics were written by Richey and Nicky and presents a metaphor for the capitalist world.
Manic Street Preachers	description	Contrary to popular belief, there are no live strings on the record. The strings are instead produced by a synthesizer.
Manic Street Preachers	description	The single features Nina Persson and reached number 2 on the UK Charts.
Skinny Puppy	description	Assimilate went on to become one of the most popular Skinny Puppy songs. This track is from Bites.
Skinny Puppy	description	from remix dystemper
Skinny Puppy	description	\
Skinny Puppy	description	One of the more influential Skinny Puppy songs, \
New Found Glory	description	Samples of \
New Found Glory	description	Samples of \
New Found Glory	description	Samples of \
20th Century Fox	description	The fanfare from the 2005 film Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith, plus the soundtracks of the 1980 film The Empire Strikes Back, and the 1983 film Return of the Jedi, conducted by John Williams.
Boogie-woogie	description	A contemporary boogie-woogie
John Cale	description	John Cale selected the verses by Leonard Cohen which most covers have since followed. First recorded by Cale in 1991 for the Cohen tribute album I'm Your Fan.
The Bends	description	\
The Bends	description	\
Amnesiac	description	\
Kid A	description	The title track, a heavily processed electronic piece, demonstrates both Radiohead's increasing ambient electronic influences and the distortion of Yorke's voice, extensively done on the album.
Kid A	description	This song, featuring a horn section improvising over a repetitive bassline, demonstrates the band's increasing influence from jazz during this time period. Yorke cited Charles Mingus as his main inspiration here.
Music of the United States	description	This is an 1897 recording of a traditional Omaha courtship song.
Music of the United States	description	This is a British tune recorded in Florida in 1940 by Bob Hall, Walter van Bass, Ned Hugh Bass, and J. C. King.
Music of the United States	description	This is old-time Appalachian folk music from 1925. Performed by Bascam Lamar Lunsford.
Music of the United States	description	This is a work song for hoeing, recorded at Mississippi State Penitentiary in 1939.
Music of the United States	description	This is a corrido, recorded near Brownsville, Texas in 1939.
Music of the United States	description	Cotton-Eyed Joe is a traditional folk song and a line dance mostly known in the Southern United States, here performed by Elmo Newcomer
Music of the United States	description	Ethnographic recordings collected for the Library of Congress's Archive of American Folk Song. Performed by Bertha Houston.
Music of the United States	description	Recorded by Thomas Edison in 1921, released in 1924.
Music of the United States	description	The Star-Spangled Banner performed by Fred Waring and his Pennsylvanians
Music of the United States	description	John Philip Sousa's The Stars and Stripes Forever. Performed by the United States Marine Corps band
Music of the United States	description	1916
Music of the United States	description	Ragtime composition by Scott Joplin
Music of the United States	description	Popular song by gospel singer Mahalia Jackson
Music of the United States	description	The classic soul song by Sam Cooke became a civil rights anthem.
Music of the United States	description	The groundbreaking hit by James Brown marked the beginning of the development of funk.
Music of the United States	description	1960.0
Music of the United States	description	Secular Holiday song
Music of the United States	description	Religious Christmas song
Ride	description	Unfamiliar by Ride
John Reith, 1st Baron Reith	description	--11-10
Oxygène	description	Possibly the most recognised track of Jarre's is Oxygène IV
Quills	description	The opening notes to the traditional French children's song \
Memphis blues	description	\
Delta blues	description	\
1894 in music	description	1894
Albert Von Tilzer	description	\
Rockabilly	description	\
Rockabilly	description	Elvis Presley's \
Rockabilly	description	Bill Haley and His Comets' \
Gramophone record	description	Video of a 1936 spring-motor-driven 78 rpm acoustical  gramophone
Gramophone record	description	The empty space before the start of the music has been amplified +15dB to reveal the pre-echo.
Surf music	description	Dick Dale's \
Surf music	description	Dick Dale's \
Surf music	description	Released in March 1963, \
Surf music	description	Jan and Dean's \
Electro-Theremin	description	Excerpt of Paul Tanner playing Electro-Theremin solo in the Beach Boys' \
Zoltán Kodály	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Strings..
Zoltán Kodály	description	--11-04
Ayumi Hamasaki	description	Many of Hamasaki's songs are dance tunes, such as \
Ayumi Hamasaki	description	\
Ayumi Hamasaki	description	Hamasaki took new directions on understood, as epitomized by the single \
Dire Straits	description	\
Dire Straits	description	\
Jeff Buckley	description	from Live at Sin-é (Legacy Edition)
Jeff Buckley	description	from Grace
Jeff Buckley	description	from The Grace EPs
Wolf interval	description	A mean fifth followed by a wolf fifth in quarter-comma meantone temperament
Bhajan	description	A Vaishnava Bhajan composed in 19th-century, set to Indian classical music
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King	description	Written by Fran Walsh, Howard Shore, and Annie Lennox, this selected song won the Oscar for Best Original Song at the 76th Academy Awards. It also won a Grammy for Best Film Song.
Lewinsky scandal	description	Bill Clinton making a presentation that ends with a short commentary on the Monica Lewinsky scandal.  The presentation is known for the quote \
Lewinsky scandal	description	audio only version
Cocteau Twins	description	Sample of \
Stridulation	description	Several unidentified grasshoppers stridulating.
Stridulation	description	Stridulations from a Pachycondyla apicalis worker.
Stridulation	description	Stridulations from a Pachycondyla verenae worker.
Stridulation	description	Stridulations from a Pheidole pallidula worker.
Tommy Dorsey	description	An excerpt of Jo Stafford's first solo recording with the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra, released in 1941.
Bhakti movement	description	Devotional singing set to music
Granular synthesis	description	A piece of music composed with fast and slow granular synthesis.
Granular synthesis	description	An example of granular synthesis. Note how the tiny snippets of sound  are initially distinct, but then blend together, generating a completely new timbre.
Blue box	description	A tone of 2600 Hz
Gil Scott-Heron	description	The early live recording from Scott-Heron's debut album features spoken word vocal delivery and African-style congas.
Gil Scott-Heron	description	One of his best-known compositions contains hip-hop elements such as rapping, cultural and political references, heavy drumbeats, and minimalist production.
Gil Scott-Heron	description	Winter in Americas only single, a rhythmic social commentary with Scott-Heron on keyboards and Brian Jackson playing flute.
Navajo language	description	The second syllable of the word nishłį́  involves the phoneme //, a high tone, and nasalization.
Stephen Foster	description	Stephen Foster's \
Stephen Foster	description	\
The B-52's	description	The B-52's' debut single.
The B-52's	description	Major hit by The B-52's
Rush	description	\
The Stylistics	description	Philly soul song by The Stylistics
The O'Jays	description	Popular 1972 hit single by The O'Jays, from the album Back Stabbers
Caetano Veloso	description	A 19-second sample of \
Gilberto Gil	description	Gil recorded \
Heitor Villa-Lobos	description	Performed by Rebecca Henderson , William McColl  and Arthur Grossman
Diesis	description	The octave C-C', the three justly tuned major thirds C-E-G-B and the descending diesis C'-B are played .
Gavin Bryars	description	Sample of The Sinking of the Titanic by Gavin Bryars.
The Four Seasons	description	Performed by the United States Air Force Band
Léo Delibes	description	Divertissement - Pizzicato from Sylvia — 3081 KB
Léo Delibes	description	Performed by l'Atelier Vocal des Herbiers
Hybrid Theory	description	A 41-second sample of \
Hybrid Theory	description	A 30-second sample of \
Hybrid Theory	description	Sample of “In the End”, the final single from Hybrid Theory. The song began with a memorable piano riff which was joined with Shinoda's rapping which dominated the verses of the song.
Steamboat	description	A Bellis steam launch engine, made in Birmingham, and now in Thinktank museum there
Norma	description	Claudia Muzio, circa 1936
Norma	description	120.0
Der Freischütz	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
No Angels	description	The first single from Elle'ments.
No Angels	description	The first single from Now... Us!.
Art of Noise	description	21.0
Art of Noise	description	An excerpt from From Hammersmith to Tokyo and Back .
Rumours	description	The lyrics of \
Rumours	description	\
Persona	description	30.0
Strowger switch	description	The sound of a step-by-step call reaching a busy circuit.
String orchestra	description	1.0
Richie Hawtin	description	\
Richie Hawtin	description	The minimalist track \
Detroit techno	description	\
Detroit techno	description	\
Detroit techno	description	\
Un ballo in maschera	description	Enrico Caruso, Frieda Hempel, Maria Duchêne, Andrés de Segurola and Léon Rothier  in \
The Late Late Show	description	2006-11-24
Clan Campbell	description	For pipes and drums.
Guillaume de Machaut	description	By Guillaume de Machaut, midi instrumental version
Delia Derbyshire	description	An excerpt from the theme music to Doctor Who
Marcus Garvey	description	Complete 1921 speech
Camp David Accords	description	Jimmy Carter, seated with Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin, makes statements at a Joint session of the United States Congress following the Camp David Accords.
The Slim Shady LP	description	This song talks about Eminem's past troubles with money. This and many other themes are the basis for the album.
The Slim Shady LP	description	A 26-second song sample of \
Thomas Campion	description	Lute song by Campion
Thomas Campion	description	Sexually suggestive lute song by Campion
Psychobilly	description	The Cramps combined rockabilly and punk rock with horror film lyrical imagery, laying the framework for psychobilly as this song demonstrates. From the album Songs the Lord Taught Us .
Psychobilly	description	This Meteors song inspired the psychobilly style of slam dancing known as \
Psychobilly	description	\
Psychobilly	description	This song by the Nekromantix demonstrates the genre's \
Ernesto Nazareth	description	\
Marylebone station	description	Riding the up escalator from the underground station to the main concourse. The beeps near the end are Oyster cards being swiped.
Hail Mary	description	The prayer as a traditional Latin Gregorian chant
Hail Mary	description	The second of Anton Bruckner's three settings of \
Power metal	description	A brief sample of a track from Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 1, the second album of Helloween, and one of the first albums to represent the European Power Metal style.
Power metal	description	Music sample of Jag Panzer's \
Power metal	description	A brief sample of the sixth track from Sonic Firestorm, the second album of DragonForce.
Cheshire Cat	description	A sound sample of lead single \
Dude Ranch	description	\
John Frusciante	description	Sample of \
John Frusciante	description	\
Singing sand	description	Walking on singing sand at \
Ted Kennedy	description	30.0
Ted Kennedy	description	17.0
Blind Faith	description	29.0
1884 in music	description	From Manon , performed by Enrico Caruso and Geraldine Farrar in 1912.
Spiritual	description	\
Monophony	description	This is the plainchant version  of Pange Lingua sung to its traditional Latin text.
Monophony	description	Erik Satie The Four Ogives. Their calm, slow melodies are built up from paired phrases reminiscent of plainchant.
Monophony	description	A monophonic Antiphon from the Gregorian Chant collection Liber Usualis
Yellow Magic Orchestra	description	\
Yellow Magic Orchestra	description	\
Honourable Artillery Company	description	\
Electropop	description	\
Electropop	description	Oh! by Girls' Generation, carries the electropop sound.
Bobbie Gentry	description	Sample from \
John Prescott	description	--02-19
The Omen	description	listen to a clip from the soundtrack of \
Great White	description	A song from Once Bitten... Great White's first platinum selling album.
1868 in music	description	1910
James Scott	description	Scott's first hit, \
James Scott	description	\
Symphony No. 5	description	524.0
Ben Harney	description	--09-09
Giacomo Meyerbeer	description	Marthe Bakkers soprano , Pierre d'Assy bass , Emile Boussagol baryton . Orchestra and chorus conducted by Alfred Fock. Recorded in 1909
Giacomo Meyerbeer	description	Scored for military band by Wilhelm Friedrich Wieprecht, played by the U.S. Marine Band
Giacomo Meyerbeer	description	\
Dry	description	from Dry
Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea	description	\
Gin Blossoms	description	Written by Hopkins before his dismissal from the band, \
Gin Blossoms	description	The second hit by Hopkins  the song is the band's only No. 1 hit, topping the Modern Rock Tracks chart in the US. The song's theme focuses on rumors following a couple's breakup.
Civil Rights Act of 1964	description	--07-02
Civil Rights Act of 1964	description	audio only
Shakuhachi	description	Honkyoku recording
Puja	description	A prayer chant during Hindu puja.
Puja	description	Puja in Hinduism may accompany a group chant, a priest reading aloud, a barely audible recital, or a silent meditative event. Above: A Sanskrit recital at puja ritual.
Puja	description	An aarti song
Symphony No. 1	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples
Symphony No. 1	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples and live trumpet
Hatikvah	description	Recorded in 2004
Hatikvah	description	--04-20
The Queen Is Dead	description	Sample from one of The Smiths' most highly regarded songs.
Symphony No. 2	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples.
Symphony No. 2	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples. Solo voice has been replaced by solo cello.
Rid of Me	description	The album's title track \
Rid of Me	description	The first single was called \
Rid of Me	description	\
Rid of Me	description	\
Reverberation	description	Clean signal, followed by different versions of reverberation .
50 Cent	description	50
John Stanley	description	Performed by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the Hart organ  in Little Waldingfield, England.
Al Hirt	description	Sample from Green Hornet Theme from album The Horn Meets \
Al Hirt	description	Sample from Memories of You from \
Music of Brazil	description	\
Music of Brazil	description	Choro \
Music of Brazil	description	\
Music of Brazil	description	Almirante, released in 1929.
Music of Brazil	description	Carmen Miranda and Mário Reis, released in 1934
Holy Week	description	Tomás Luis de Victoria's O vos omnes performed life by The Tudor Consort
Spike Jones	description	16
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed by Romuald Greiss on an 1850  piano
Enter the Wu-Tang	description	The one of two songs to feature a single member of the group on the verses , \
Enter the Wu-Tang	description	The debut single is a posse cut produced by RZA, and features eight of the original Wu-Tang members; sample of first two verses by Raekwon and Inspectah Deck.
Rocket to Russia	description	\
The Chronic	description	Dr. Dre's most successful single demonstrates his delivery and flow on the laid-back beat.
The Chronic	description	The diss track conveys an aggressive production style, as well as critical lyrics aimed at rappers Eazy-E, Luke Campbell and Tim Dog.
The Chronic	description	The song expresses violent lyrical representations and a relaxed, smooth beat that accompanies its threatening ideas.
Straight Outta Compton	description	One of N.W.A's most well-known and controversial songs
Straight Outta Compton	description	The lead single and title track. Features aggressive lyricism
Straight Outta Compton	description	The second single from Straight Outta Compton
Red Headed Stranger	description	This song introduces the story, and is interwoven through the storyline as it develops.
Red Headed Stranger	description	A 1947 standard by Fred Rose; in the context of the story, it is used to depict the man's grief over the death of his wife. The single was a hit for Nelson, and was one of the reasons for the album's success.
Red Headed Stranger	description	The album's title song marks the start of the journey of the fugitive husband, and his second murder.
Finnish orthography	description	Pronunciation as audio. Includes \
Zither	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Ramones	description	\
Symphony No. 6	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples
Lightning Bolt	description	An example of Lightning Bolt's rhythmic bass, frantic drums, and distorted vocals, from their 2001 album Ride the Skies.
More Songs About Buildings and Food	description	An audio sample of \
Mellow Gold	description	\
Audioslave	description	\
Audioslave	description	\
Audioslave	description	\
Audioslave	description	\
Raising Hell	description	Run-D.M.C.'s \
Dookie	description	Sample of \
Uprising	description	Could You Be Loved audio sample
Liquid Swords	description	The track features gritty, surreal lyrics, simple musical variation, and an eerie-sounding, RZA-produced beat.
Liquid Swords	description	The lyrically-raw track contains an electric guitar-laden beat and metaphysical imagery by Ghostface Killah.
Liquid Swords	description	The album's lead single has a looping, feverish horn line and lyrics about urban, criminal lifestyle.
Vitalogy	description	A sample of \
Vitalogy	description	A sample of \
One Fierce Beer Coaster	description	\
461 Ocean Boulevard	description	Excerpt of the album's number one hit single \
461 Ocean Boulevard	description	The blues rock tune \
Sweetheart of the Rodeo	description	A sample of The Byrds' cover of Bob Dylan's \
Sweetheart of the Rodeo	description	An excerpt from \
Sweetheart of the Rodeo	description	With its mix of country and soul music, \
New York Dolls	description	\
Symphony No. 3	description	Arranged for trombone and organ, performed by Dennis Smith  and Martha Goldstein
Crocodilia	description	Alligator bellow, ogg/Vorbis format.
Crocodilia	description	Alligator hiss ogg/Vorbis format.
Toys in the Attic	description	Aerosmith's \
Eurasian tree sparrow	description	Eurasian tree sparrows calling, in Moscow region, Russia
Exodus	description	20.0
Loveless	description	\
Loveless	description	\
Blood Sugar Sex Magik	description	\
Blood Sugar Sex Magik	description	\
Doug Hopkins	description	Written by Hopkins before his dismissal from the band, \
Doug Hopkins	description	The second hit by Hopkins  the song is the band's only #1 hit, topping the Modern Rock Tracks chart in the US. The song's theme focuses on rumors following a couple's breakup.
Legalize It	description	Legalize It audio sample
Back in Black	description	A sample of AC/DC's \
Congregation	description	A favorite among fans of the band, \
Congregation	description	The spaciously arranged song was written by Dulli about an empty sexual experience with a virgin.
Planet Rock: The Album	description	Short sample of \
Jagged Little Pill	description	The song has an aggressive tone and piercing vocals.
Jagged Little Pill	description	A 22-second sample of the first verse and chorus of \
Blues for the Red Sun	description	Thumb audio sample
I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You	description	Aretha Franklin version of Otis Redding's \
Dirt	description	A sample of \
Bumblebee	description	Flight of the Bumblebee performed by the US Army Band
China Miéville	description	AChina Miéville on Bookbits radio talks about Embassytown
Mantra	description	A mantra chant set to Indian classical music
Red-winged blackbird	description	One of several calls given by a male
I Against I	description	\
Paul's Boutique	description	\
Paul's Boutique	description	80.0
Joe Meek	description	\
Warning	description	The album's title track exemplifies Warning's \
Warning	description	The sixth track from the record, \
Nimrod	description	This ska-influenced song contains a horn section and has been compared to an \
Nimrod	description	This track consists solely of vocals, guitar, and strings.  The song has been referred to as a \
Debut	description	\
Debut	description	The first single from Debut showed a departure from prior Sugarcubes' sounds.
The Liberty Bell	description	As recorded by The New York Military Band about 1910
V16 engine	description	Auto Union Type A at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Piano Sonata No. 16	description	Performed by Robin Alciatore. Courtesy of Musopen
Piano Sonata No. 16	description	Converted from Mutopia public domain MIDI
Flat-twelve engine	description	917.0
Catch a Fire	description	Concrete Jungle audio sample
Blonde on Blonde	description	Robert Shelton described the opening song on Blonde on Blonde as \
Blonde on Blonde	description	Wilfrid Mellers describes \
Blonde on Blonde	description	Critic Andy Gill describes this blues song as steaming along like \
The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr.	description	A sample from Randy Edelman's theme to Brisco: The theme was also used by NBC in its Olympic coverage.
Boston	description	This sample of \
The Musical Offering	description	Recorded in 1930, in Paris
Clannad	description	The first song ever written by Clannad.
Clannad	description	The song that introduced Clannad to a worldwide audience.
Clannad	description	Hit song from their 1984 album Legend.
Clannad	description	Clannad's duet with Bono.
Clannad	description	Collaboration with rock singer Bruce Hornsby.
Clannad	description	One of Clannad's most recognisable songs, from Banba.
Clannad	description	Also on Banba.
Moya Brennan	description	Most successful song from her debut album, Máire.
Moya Brennan	description	Title track from her 1998 release Perfect Time.
Voodoo	description	The song's light, sparse funk sound is an example of the album's predominant vintage sound, which resulted from old school production techniques employed by recording engineer Russell Elevado.
Voodoo	description	The high tempo, salsa-influenced track was recorded with no overdubs, and features Latin grooves and jazz-based horns by trumpeter Roy Hargrove, who also co-wrote the karma-themed song.
Voodoo	description	The album's closing track has been cited by Questlove as his favorite song on the album. It was composed by D'Angelo in honor of his son and his cultural roots.
Shape note	description	Audio recording, performed multi-tracked
Shape note	description	\
Blank Generation	description	\
Fugazi	description	Sample of \
Fugazi	description	Sample of \
Fugazi	description	Sample of \
Piano Sonata No. 8	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Vapor Trails	description	\
Celine Dion	description	1980.0
Clawhammer	description	Matokie Slaughter, \
Wish You Were Here	description	The four note phrase from \
Wish You Were Here	description	\
Cantopop	description	A slow to medium tempo soundtrack by Danny Chan for the 1984 HK film \
Cantopop	description	A transitional song from the golden age to the Four Heavenly kings era by Jacky Cheung
Cantopop	description	A hybrid cantopop techno song by Leon Lai
Minstrel show	description	A blackface stump speech by the American Quartet, 1902
Carol	description	The Coventry Carol, performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus
Astral Weeks	description	Sample from the title song featuring the opening lines of the album: \
Astral Weeks	description	Sample from the live 2008 titled song, \
Argentine National Anthem	description	Recording by the United States Navy Band
Blue Lines	description	An excerpt from \
Achtung Baby	description	The introduction to \
Achtung Baby	description	\
Achtung Baby	description	\
Wes Montgomery	description	Sample from Wes Montgomery's \
New wave of British heavy metal	description	\
New wave of British heavy metal	description	Diamond Head's \
Kill 'Em All	description	\
Kill 'Em All	description	The song opens with thin, mid-register guitars. The last two sections  feature palm muted riff in low E. Since 2004, \
The Get Up Kids	description	\
The Get Up Kids	description	\
The Knack	description	An excerpt from \
Rapper's Delight	description	30.0
Common	description	From the album Be
Woodpecker	description	A woodpecker pecking into a tree
Gish	description	Sample of \
Radio	description	The ghetto-blaster anthem features sparse drum machine beats and a minimalist production.
Radio	description	The boastful track samples heavy rhythmic bass lines with chiming guitar.
Doggystyle	description	The song features Snoop Dogg's rhyming style and flow, as well as his early work with G-Funk production.
Doggystyle	description	One of Snoop Dogg's most famous songs, Gin and Juice's lyrical content depict a party filled with sex, marijuana, and alcohol.
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Christian metal	description	Sample of \
Babyteeth	description	Excerpt from \
Killswitch Engage	description	Sample of \
Killswitch Engage	description	Sample of \
Audioslave	description	\
Ten	description	A sample of \
Ten	description	A sample of \
Bernardo Pasquini	description	performed by Sylvia Kind
Stepan Razin	description	Folksong about Stenka Razin performed by Feodor Ivanovich Chaliapin
1770 in literature	description	\
Hell Awaits	description	30.0
God Hates Us All	description	The song on the \
Jazz fusion	description	--03-07
Meantime	description	30.0
Helmet	description	30.0
Siamese Dream	description	Sample of \
Siamese Dream	description	A 20-second sample of \
Siamese Dream	description	Corgan would sing about his depression throughout the album and \
Betty	description	30.0
Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness	description	The Smashing Pumpkins would use violins and cellos for some of their songs and Tonight, Tonight would be one of their most famous for using this style.
Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness	description	Sample of \
Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness	description	1979.0
Usher	description	\
Usher	description	“Climax” merges the R&B subgenre, Quiet storm, with electronic music. The electronic effects involve usage of snyths and piano.
Ashanti	description	A sample of \
Neo soul	description	Produced by musical group Sa-Ra, Bilal's 2003 song \
Bleach	description	\
Bleach	description	\
Nicholas Roerich	description	Phonogram of 1929.
Trans-Europe Express	description	A thirty-second sample of \
List of songs and arias by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Ukrainian words by M. Strikha
Pedro Calderón de la Barca	description	Calderon dela Barca, Life is a dream, act II, scene 19, Monologue of Segismundo
Misplaced Childhood	description	A 30-second sample of \
Misplaced Childhood	description	A 30-second sample of \
Misplaced Childhood	description	A 30-second sample of \
Ireland's Call	description	Ireland's Call performed in Rugby World Cup 2011.
Canada goose	description	A flock of feeding Canada geese calling
Johan Halvorsen	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein  and Elias Goldstein
Martin Bashir	description	An audio recording of the page.
Chicago house	description	\
Chicago house	description	\
Chicago house	description	Phuture's \
Alive or Just Breathing	description	Sample of \
Soulfly	description	30.0
Robert Planquette	description	An 1870 French song about the Army of Sambre-et-Meuse by Robert Planquette and Paul Cézano. Sung by Pierre d'Assy.
James Galway	description	performed by Sir James Galway with the Young Danish String Quartet, November 2005
James Galway	description	performed by Sir James Galway with the Carion quintet
Alexander Scriabin	description	Awadagin Pratt performs Alexander Scriabin's Étude, Op. 8, No. 12 at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
Alexander Scriabin	description	Étude, Op. 8, No. 12. played by Domenico Stigliani
Alexander Scriabin	description	Performed by Jennifer Castellano. Courtesy of Musopen, 1.87 mB
Ferris State University	description	30.0
Ultramega OK	description	A sample of \
Chris Cornell	description	\
Chris Cornell	description	\
Chris Cornell	description	From the live album Chris Cornell: Unplugged in Sweden
Chris Cornell	description	\
Piano Concerto	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Mazurka	description	Performed by Donald Betts. Courtesy of Musopen
Mazurka	description	performed by Robin Alciatore. Courtesy of Musopen
Mazurka	description	performed by Lubka Kolessa
Mazurka	description	Claude Debussy's Mazurka
Mazurka	description	--07-17
Superunknown	description	A sample of \
Badmotorfinger	description	A sample of \
Peoples Temple	description	2700.0
Tapping	description	\
Symphony No. 9	description	--01-16
Julia Ward Howe	description	\
Julia Ward Howe	description	\
Symphony No. 7	description	Both performed by John Michel
The Fragile	description	Album version, as it appeared on The Fragile
Kde domov můj	description	Medley of Kde domov můj and Nad Tatrou sa blýska
Étude	description	Martha Goldstein performs Frédéric Chopin's Étude Op. 25, No. 11 on an Érard (1851)
Étude	description	Awadagin Pratt performs Alexander Scriabin's Étude Op. 8, No. 12 at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
Piano Concerto No. 2	description	NBC Symphony Orchestra with Arturo Toscanini and Vladimir Horowitz at Carnegie Hall in 1940
David Trimble	description	--08-14
Cello Suites	description	All performed by John Michel
Cello Suites	description	Performed on a viola by Elias Goldstein
Scratching	description	Sample of DJ Q-Bert scratching live
Scratching	description	DJ Sample of the song \
Scratching	description	Sample of Drum N'Bass Jungle scratching
Fin whale	description	Recorded in the Atlantic
Baleen whale	description	Recording of Humpback Whales singing and clicking
Holy Wood	description	\
Holy Wood	description	Using the assassinations of Jesus Christ, JFK, and John Lennon as examples, in \
Prince Marko	description	The poem's conclusion, sung to a gusle
Humpback whale	description	Recording of Humpback Whales singing and Clicking.
Humpback whale	description	Recorded by the National Park Service, using a hydrophone that is anchored near the mouth of Glacier Bay, Alaska for the purpose of monitoring ambient noise.
Humpback whale	description	Also recorded by the National Park Service, as above.
Humpback whale	description	Made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Leon Lai	description	A hybrid cantopop techno song by Leon Lai
Sharon Isbin	description	--11-04
South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut	description	\
Symphony No. 4	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
List of string quartets by Joseph Haydn	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Laughter	description	A short clip of a woman laughing.
Mighty Sparrow	description	One of Mighty Sparrow's more well-known songs
Piano Sonata No. 12	description	Performed in November of 2011
Appoggiatura	description	A passage with two phrases ending in appoggiaturas, followed by these phrases without them
Facelift	description	A sample of \
Mamie Smith	description	Mamie Smith's performance of Perry Bradford's \
Renaissance	description	John Tout playing piano on \
Renaissance	description	30.0
FishBase	description	A large and extensively accessed biological database about fish
Follow the Leader	description	Both \
Heart sounds	description	Normal heart sounds as heard with a stethoscope
Adelina Patti	description	by Adelina Patti in 1906
Big Bill Broonzy	description	(Broonzy playing \
David Hockney	description	--09-07
Doolittle	description	\
Doolittle	description	\
Mudhoney	description	Sample of \
Surfer Rosa	description	is the third track of Surfer Rosa. This sample contains part of the chorus, with Francis' distorted screaming and a repeated guitar rhythm prominent.
Surfer Rosa	description	is the fifth track of Surfer Rosa. This sample contains the first bridge and chorus, and features Deal, singing lead vocals, repeating the same bass guitar melody. The band's trademark loud-quiet dynamic also features on the song.
Surfer Rosa	description	is the seventh track of Surfer Rosa. This sample contains the end of the third verse and part of the chorus. Santiago's erratic lead guitar plays a key part in the song's melody.
Dinosaur Jr.	description	Sample of \
Echo	description	Clean signal, followed by different versions of echo.
Confessions	description	The song is set in common time and has a moderate groove. Its lyrics centers on the narrator's confession about impregnating his mistress.
I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got	description	Sinéad O'Connor's version of \
The Joshua Tree	description	Like much of The Edge's guitar playing on the album, the opening riff to \
The Joshua Tree	description	Gospel music influenced \
The Joshua Tree	description	\
The Real Thing	description	30.0
Greenwich Time Signal	description	The first five pips and 1 beep
Sabre Dance	description	14
The Shaggs	description	Sample of \
Placebo	description	A sample of the track \
Antônio Carlos Gomes	description	Alvorada from Aurora Luminosa.
Mervyn King, Baron King of Lothbury	description	--05-02
Symphony No. 3	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Music of Haiti	description	Censored by Haitian military, 1992–94
Má vlast	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Má vlast	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Music of Martinique	description	A major zouk hit by Kassav'
Music of Guadeloupe	description	A major zouk hit by Kassav'
The Carnival of the Animals	description	A complete recording of all fourteen movements by pianists Neal and Nancy O'Doan and the Seattle Youth Symphony conducted by Vilem Sokol.
The Carnival of the Animals	description	\
The Carnival of the Animals	description	A novelty arrangement for cello and marimba performed by Alisa Weilerstein and Jason Yoder at the White House Evening of Classical Music
The Carnival of the Animals	description	Audio only Weilerstein and Yoder version
Music of France	description	Lakmé by Léo Delibes, performed by Natalie Dessay and the Orchestre national du Capitole de Toulouse.
Music of France	description	Gymnopédie No.1 by Erik Satie, performed by Agathe Laforge.
Music of France	description	Pavane pour une infante défunte by Maurice Ravel, performed by Thérèse Dussaut
Music of France	description	Mado by Émile Vacher
Music of France	description	Orphée aux enfers by Jacques Offenbach
Music of Greece	description	\
Music of Greece	description	\
Music of Nigeria	description	\
Manos: The Hands of Fate	description	A brief arrangement of the \
Music of Cameroon	description	Wax cylinder recording of lela flute playing, 1908.
American folk music	description	\
American folk music	description	Stephen Foster's  \
Cajun music	description	An example of a popular Cajun Waltz.
Music of Hungary	description	An a cappella song sung by Marta Sebestyen
Music of Dominica	description	WCK  is one of the most prominent popular musicians of Dominica, and has performed styles such as bouyon and soca.
Mimicry	description	Kobonga oxleyi cicada song with reply clicks from a Chlorobalius leucoviridis
Mimicry	description	Pauropsalta sp. \
Music of Argentina	description	Carlos Gardel y Alfredo en Por una cabeza.
Brandenburg Concertos	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra. A simple example of this piece is here.
Brandenburg Concertos	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Brandenburg Concertos	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Roxana Pavel Goldstein , Constance Schoepflin, and Matthew Ganong
Brandenburg Concertos	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Elias Goldstein & Elizabeth Choi  and Anna Steinhoff
Music of Russia	description	from The Nutcracker.
Music of Russia	description	Arrangement for two pianos by Russel Warner, performed by Neal and Nancy O'Doan
Rule, Britannia!	description	United States Army performance.
Rule, Britannia!	description	A copy of a phonograph cylinder recorded by Albert Farrington in 1914 for Edison Records
Music of Mexico	description	Performed by Sean Buss & Elisa
Sonny Rollins	description	Improvisation from St. Thomas starting immediately after the melody
Music of Colombia	description	Creole Band
Edison Records	description	Performed by Ada Jones for Edison Records in 1909.
Edison Records	description	Performed by Billy Murray for Edison Records in 1914.
Edison Records	description	1909
Perpetuum mobile	description	A perpetuum mobile for cello and piano by David Popper, consisting of continuous spiccato; Hans Goldstein  and Mellicia Straaf .
Jean Antoine Zinnen	description	Zinnen's music to \
My Belarusy	description	2002
My Belarusy	description	2000
Wilhelm Friedemann Bach	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Brazilian National Anthem	description	Recording by the Coral BDMG and Orquestra Sinfônica da Polícia Militar do Estado de Minas Gerais
Mass in B minor	description	41.0
Can	description	\
Wood duck	description	Several Wood Ducks calling
Tenacious D	description	Clip of \
Tenacious D	description	Clip of \
Tenacious D	description	--02-21
Taps	description	Taps as played on the bugle by the United States Army Band
Long-tailed duck	description	Long Island, NY, March 2007. By Tony Phillips.
Sammi Cheng	description	1990.0
Louis Spohr	description	Soprano  is joined by William McColl, clarinet , and Joseph Levine, fortepiano
Bossanova	description	\
Mikhail Kasyanov	description	recorded November 2012
Percy Grainger	description	A United States Navy Band Sea Chanters ensemble rendition of the 1912 Percy Grainger version of \
Nellie Melba	description	from \
Nellie Melba	description	From Faust, 1910
Nellie Melba	description	From La traviata, 1904
Nellie Melba	description	From La traviata, 1907
Nellie Melba	description	from Puccini's La bohème, sung by Enrico Caruso and Nellie Melba in 1906
Mikhail Glinka	description	Performed by Adam Cuerden
Mikhail Glinka	description	Performed by William McColl , Arthur Grossman  and Stanley Chapple
Alexander Glazunov	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Symphony No. 8	description	Performed by the Bucharest College Orchestra. Music courtesy of Musopen
Stairway to Heaven	description	The claimed backmasked section of Stairway to Heaven
Stairway to Heaven	description	The same section reversed
Buenos Aires	description	\
CityRail	description	The distinctive chime that is played prior to announcements
Kelly Rowland	description	A 19-second sample of \
BoA	description	A sample of BoA's \
BoA	description	Many of BoA's songs are dance tunes, such as \
Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League	description	Complete 1921 speech
Andrea Gabrieli	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Yield	description	A sample of \
Yield	description	A sample of \
Vs.	description	A sample of \
Vs.	description	A sample of \
No Code	description	A sample of \
No Code	description	A sample of \
Flanging	description	A short sample followed by two flanging versions.
Flanging	description	listen to the tape flanging effect on the 1967 single.
Dynamic range compression	description	The first 8 bars are without side-chaining applied, the second 8 are with side-chaining.
Riot Act	description	A sample of \
Riot Act	description	A sample of \
Binaural	description	A sample of \
Binaural	description	A sample of \
Before and After Science	description	Rock critic Lester Bangs described the song \
Reading Rainbow	description	Sample of \
Lapwing	description	A lapwing and a chaffinch at Carrington Moss, in England
Ziegfeld Follies	description	One of the hits of the 1908 Follies, created by husband-and-wife team  Jack Norworth and Nora Bayes. This recording was made a year later by Ada Jones and Billy Murray.
The Little Engine That Could	description	A 2011 reading of \
The Little Engine That Could	description	A 2011 reading of \
The Little Engine That Could	description	A 2011 reading of \
God Bless Fiji	description	Instrumental version of \
History of the United States	description	Roosevelt's first Fireside Chat on the Banking Crisis
Laughing gull	description	Chatham, Massachusetts, April 2002. By Tony Phillips.
The Art of Fugue	description	Performed by David Ezra Okonşar on organ and harpsichord
Florence Foster Jenkins	description	Jenkins singing \
List of minor The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy characters	description	An excerpt from Douglas Adams's Burkiss Way sketch, \
List of minor The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy characters	description	An excerpt from Reg Nullify
List of minor The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy characters	description	An excerpt from Whale Theme from the TV Series , BBC Radiophonic Workshop
Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T-Shirt	description	\
Alligator	description	Alligator bellow, ogg/Vorbis format.
Alligator	description	Alligator hiss ogg/Vorbis format.
Public service announcement	description	A PSA from the CDC regarding H1N1 prevention.
Clark Terry	description	From the 1965 album Tonight, with Bob Brookmeyer.
Orlando Gibbons	description	Recorded live in Borja, Spain, by the Tudor Consort in October 2005
Cent	description	The file plays middle C, a tone 1 cent sharper, and both tones together.
Cent	description	The file plays middle C, a tone 6 cents sharper, and both tones together.
Cent	description	The file plays middle C, a tone 10 cents sharper, and both tones together.
Ogopogo	description	\
Grayson Perry	description	--10-15
Foo Fighters	description	Sample of \
American avocet	description	Calls from American avocets in Palo Alto, California
Black-winged stilt	description	Recorded in India
Sydney Trains M set	description	The Digital Voice Announcement played when the next station is a terminus stop preceded with a warning alert chime.
Poles	description	Polonaise by Ogiński
Poles	description	Giorgi Latso, piano
Poles	description	Muriel Nguyen Xuan, piano
Poles	description	Martha Goldstein playing an 1851 Érard piano
Tornado warning	description	--05-04
Tornado warning	description	An example of a tornado warning issued in Oklahoma
Severe thunderstorm warning	description	An example of a severe thunderstorm warning, this one being issued in Minnesota
Severe thunderstorm warning	description	An example of a severe thunderstorm warning, this one being issued in South Carolina.
Sasha	description	Featuring vocalist Sam Mollison, \
Sasha	description	Sasha's progressive trance track \
Sasha	description	Sasha's collaboration with Junkie XL, \
Sasha	description	Sasha was nominated for a Grammy Award for his remix of Felix da Housecat's \
Ring modulation	description	Notice the bell-like sound.
Ring modulation	description	On lower modulation frequencies, the ring modulation is perceived as a tremolo effect
Killdeer	description	Bird call of the killdeer
Avant-garde music	description	Alphonse Allais' Funeral March for the Obsequies of a Deaf Man , a musical work consisting entirely of rests.
Krautrock	description	Sound sample of the opening track from Can's 1969 album Monster Movie
Krautrock	description	A track from Amon Düül II's 1972 album Wolf City.
Garbage	description	Sample of \
Semipalmated sandpiper	description	Long Island, NY, April 2004. By Tony Phillip.
Black Sabbath	description	The track features an early example of the diabolus in musica in heavy metal
Chinese opera	description	A Cantonese opera song by two female singers Bak Sheut Sin and Yam Kim Fai.  Yam Kim Fai is actually using her trademark indistinguishable male voice behind the opera disguise. Only traditional Chinese instruments are used.
Chinese opera	description	A Huangmei opera song by Ivy Ling Po partnering with Jenny Tseng.  It sounds quite different from other operas.
PSK31	description	The text \
History of the United States	description	--07-02
History of the United States	description	--08-06
History of the United States	description	Jimmy Carter, seated with Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin, makes statements at a Joint session of the United States Congress following the Camp David Accords.
History of the United States	description	--09-07
History of the United States	description	audio only version
Tres Hombres	description	An audio sample from \
Roll the Bones	description	\
The Golden Age of Grotesque	description	Album version, as it appeared on The Golden Age of Grotesque
Pan American Games	description	Adopted in 2008
Eurasian coot	description	The call of a Eurasian Coot, recorded in Homebush Bay
Blue Amberol Records	description	A 1909 Edison Amberol recording of Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar, preserved and digitized as part of the Cylinder Preservation and Digitization Project at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Hino da Independência	description	Hino da Independência performed by the Brazilian Army choir.
1812 Overture	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
National anthem of Russia	description	By the Moscow Kremlin Choir
National anthem of Russia	description	One verse
Fairlight CMI	description	An excerpt from Arpegiator , highlighting the use of the Fairlight CMI
Leslie speaker	description	A chord is played on the organ while the Leslie speaker is switched from \
CHU	description	--11-21
CHU	description	103.0
Stalker	description	Sample from Eduard Artemyev's Stalker theme. From the compact disc Solyaris, Zerkalo, Stalker, Electroshock Records .
Richard D. James Album	description	4.0
Flag of Brazil	description	Brazilian Flag Anthem performed by the Brazilian Army choir.
Graceland	description	Graceland audio sample
Kenny Loggins	description	Loggins with Michael McDonald
John Stevens	description	An audio sample of \
Sansoen Phra Barami	description	Recording in phonograph cylinder, performed by the Boosra Mahin theater group who visited Berlin, Germany in 1900
BPM	description	The BPM time signal, recorded at 2007-01-07 in Beijing
People Power Revolution	description	President Ferdinand Marcos and General Fabian Ver during a press conference in Malacañan Palace.
Surfacing	description	A sample of \
Surfacing	description	A sample of \
Surfacing	description	A sample of \
Surfacing	description	A sample of \
Novelty song	description	Performed by Billy Murray recorded in 1918
Symphony No. 4	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra, courtesy of Musopen
Domenico Modugno	description	\
César Franck	description	Performed by Albert Tipton  and Mary Norris
Another One Bites the Dust	description	The claimed backmasked section of \
Another One Bites the Dust	description	The same section, reversed.
Damien Hirst	description	Recorded May 2013 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
State Anthem of the Soviet Union	description	By the Red Army Ensemble
State Anthem of the Soviet Union	description	By the choir and orchestra of Bolshoi Theater
Faye Wong	description	One of Faye Wong's signature songs. It was covered in many languages, such as English , Japanese , and Korean .
Faye Wong	description	Faye Wong often includes scat-singing and yodelling in her songs.
Faye Wong	description	Faye Wong combines distinct vocal registers in this self-written trip hop tract.
Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565	description	Performed by Ashtar Moïra on organ
Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565	description	played on the Flentrop organ at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music
Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565	description	1920.0
Octave illusion	description	Sound pattern inspired by the Octave Illusion but using C4 and C5 piano tones instead of sine waves as originally used by Deutsch . The piano example is  also available as a MIDI file Image:Octave Illusion.mid
The Shangri-Las	description	In 2004 the Shangri-Las' 1964 recording of \
Westminster Quarters	description	A midi file playing Westminster Quarters striking six o'clock
Westminster Quarters	description	Size: 109 kBytes
Little Bo Peep	description	Main melody for \
The Exploited	description	A sample of The Exploited's song \
Max Reger	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Max Reger	description	Performed by Andriy Bondarenko
Billie Jean	description	\
Little Red Riding Hood	description	The version found in The Book of Fables and Folk Stories by Horace E. Scudder.
Neutral Milk Hotel	description	1945.0
Copa Libertadores	description	A section of Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 in D minor, Op. 125 \
NOAA Weather Radio	description	for Columbus, Ohio.
NOAA Weather Radio	description	Hazardous Weather Outlook for Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and vicinity. The product also includes a tropical update.
Internet access	description	Typical noises of a dial-up modem while establishing connection with a local ISP in order to get access to the Internet.
Gnomes	description	The song sung by the gnomes as they collect underwear throughout the episode.
Fear of a Black Planet	description	1989.0
Wyclef Jean	description	The Fugees' \
William Shatner's musical career	description	Includes the final flourish
Théodore Dubois	description	Performed by Ashtar Moïra
Théodore Dubois	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Théodore Dubois	description	MIDI by Ulrich Metzner
Distress signal	description	Modulation of a radio beacon of distress on 121,5 MHz and 243 MHz.
Meddle	description	\
Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde	description	This sample contains a portion of the third verse and the fourth verse.
Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde	description	This sample contains the third verse.
Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde	description	This sample contains the first verse and a portion of the chorus.
We Didn't Start the Fire	description	\
Heart rate	description	Normal heart sounds as heard with a stethoscope
Geraldine Farrar	description	Enrico Caruso and Geraldine Farrar in a scene from Act II of Massenet's Manon.
Dir En Grey	description	Sample of 1999's \
Dir En Grey	description	Sample of the band's highest-charting single, released in 2009.
X Japan	description	\
X Japan	description	A piano driven ballad with classical orchestration, \
X Japan	description	X's only single written by someone other than Yoshiki, \
Kulintang	description	This is an example of kamamatuan style of the Maguindanao.
Kulintang	description	This sample of Taggungo is used only to accompany healing rituals with trance dancers performing the dance Sagayan.
Click of death	description	WD hard drive with click of death caused by a head crash
Delta Goodrem	description	This big ballad was co-written and produced by Guy Chambers.
Delta Goodrem	description	The title track from Goodrem's second album presented a darker side to her songwriting, detailing the effects of her illness.
Delta Goodrem	description	The theme song of the opening ceremony for the 2006 Commonwealth Games. Co-written with Chambers and McFadden.
Delta Goodrem	description	First single from her third album. Written with Brian McFadden.
Violin Concerto in E major	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with violinist Jacques Israelievitch
Violin Concerto	description	Performed with Carrie Rehkopf on violin
France Gall	description	An excerpt from Ella, Elle L'a
Sonic the Hedgehog	description	A sample of \
Remain in Light	description	\
Michelle Branch	description	A sample of Branch's debut single, \
Music for Strings, Percussion and Celesta	description	-242.0
Aarti	description	An aarti song
Croup	description	Inspiratory and expiratory stridor in a 13-month child with croup.
Culture of Brazil	description	0.0
Fritz Kreisler	description	Composed in 1917 after an 18th century Arabo-Spanish Gypsy song. Performed by Carrie Rehkopf
Pablo de Sarasate	description	Performed by Carrie Rehkopf
Pablo de Sarasate	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein and Elias Goldstein  with the Depaul Symphony  conducted by Cliff Colnot
French overture	description	Composed by Jean-Baptiste Lully, performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
French overture	description	Composed by Georg Muffat, performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
French overture	description	Composed by Johann Sebastian Bach, performed on a viola by Elias Goldstein
French overture	description	Composed by George Frideric Handel, performed by the MIT Concert Orchestra
French overture	description	Composed by Georg Philipp Telemann, performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with cellist Stephen Balderston
Toccata	description	Composed by Johann Sebastian Bach, performed by organist Ashtar Moïra
Toccata	description	Composed by Johann Sebastian Bach, performed on a piano by Randolph Hokanson
Toccata	description	Composed by Johann Pachelbel, performed on a church organ in Trubschachen, Switzerland by Burghard Fischer
Toccata	description	Composed by Girolamo Frescobaldi, performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type used by Wanda Landowska
Toccata	description	Composed by Alessandro Scarlatti, performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type used by Wanda Landowska
Wilhelm Backhaus	description	Backhaus's performance in 1923 of Liebesträume No. 3 by Franz Liszt, in London
Northern cardinal	description	Song of the northern cardinal
Common snipe	description	An example of the \
We Shall Overcome	description	Audio Only
We Shall Overcome	description	Joan Baez performs \
Square wave	description	220
Square wave	description	5.0
Spotted sandpiper	description	The call of the spotted sandpiper
Cockatiel	description	Recording of a cockatiel
Meshuggah	description	\
Meshuggah	description	\
Meshuggah	description	Tomas Haake's drumming on the song \
Music of Papua New Guinea	description	--08-23
The Black Room	description	The thrash metal version of \
Anarchy in the U.K.	description	With its \
Music of Mongolia	description	A one-minute video of Mongolians singing a folk song around the campfire. Video is very dark, mainly for audio.
The Libertines	description	27
The Future Sound of London	description	Sample of \
The Future Sound of London	description	''Sample of \
The Future Sound of London	description	Sample of \
The Future Sound of London	description	Sample of \
The Future Sound of London	description	Sample of \
The Future Sound of London	description	Sample of \
Russian alphabet	description	Listen to the Russian alphabet
Scottish English	description	An example of a Scottish male with a middle-class Renfrewshire accent
George Enescu	description	Performed by Albert Tipton  and Mary Norris
George Enescu	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Chevelle	description	1.0
Chevelle	description	Sample of \
Chevelle	description	Sample of \
Chevelle	description	Sample of \
Corn crake	description	Male's advertising call
Music of Thailand	description	Wax cylinder recording of \
Music of Thailand	description	Wax cylinder recording of \
Music of Thailand	description	The seven-note scale of Thai classical music played on the ranat ek
Guillaume Du Fay	description	Hear a performance of Du Fay's celebrated ballade Se la face ay pale performed by ASTERIA
Pseudo-octave	description	Pseudo Octave
Pseudo-octave	description	Perfect Octave
On Ilkla Moor Baht 'at	description	Adapted from Cranbrook
La campanella	description	Performed by Romuald Greiss on an 1850 Budynowicz piano
Eine kleine Nachtmusik	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Eine kleine Nachtmusik	description	Electronic version,  arranged by Steamboat Electric/Hans-Peter Scholz
Little ringed plover	description	Call of little ringed plover
Joachim Raff	description	This cavatina for violin and piano  performed in 1920, violin solo by Elias Breeskin , pianoforte by Rudolph Gruen
Bowel obstruction	description	Tinkly bowel sounds as heard with a stethoscope in someone with a small bowel obstruction.
Sine wave	description	2.0
Samhita	description	Hindu mantra from Rigveda Samhita
Mr. Bungle	description	Sample from Mr. Bungle's \
Mr. Bungle	description	Sample from Mr. Bungle's \
Mr. Bungle	description	Sample from Mr. Bungle's \
Whistling	description	A human whistling.
Quiet, Please	description	--01-30
WWV	description	--09-04
Ruby-throated hummingbird	description	Bird call of the ruby-throated hummingbird
No Angel	description	Dido's \
Djembe	description	Djembe at medium pitch
Djembe	description	Djembe bass, tone, tonpalo , and slap
Djembe	description	Differently pitched slaps due to selective emphasis of different harmonics.
Amen break	description	As originally used on Amen, Brother by The Winstons.
Malcolm Sargent	description	George Baker, orchestra and chorus of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, conducted by Malcolm Sargent, 1929
François Couperin	description	from L'art de toucher le clavecin, performed by Robert Schröter on a harpsichord tuned in equal temperament
François Couperin	description	The same work performed in a reconstructed tuning of \
François Couperin	description	Performed by New Comma Baroque
François Couperin	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Stephen Balderston, cello solo
François Couperin	description	Premier couplet du Kyrie
François Couperin	description	Deo Gratias
François Couperin	description	Premier couplet du Sanctus
François Couperin	description	MIDI file
A Momentary Lapse of Reason	description	With frequent use of samplers and drum machines, A Momentary Lapse of Reason demonstrates a significant change in style over the more traditionally recorded Final Cut.  \
Robert Browne Hall	description	Robert Browne Hall's 1896 march, Veni, Vidi, Vici, performed by the United States Air Force Band.
Georgie Porgie	description	1927
Within Temptation	description	Rapid orchestral strings move to the forefront on the chorus of this title track from Within Temptation's second album Mother Earth.
Marc Anthony	description	Sample of the song \
Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck	description	Performed by Matthias Flierl
Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck	description	Performed by Ashtar Moïra
Melodifestivalen	description	The demo of \
Melodifestivalen	description	The winner of Melodifestivalen 1966, typical of the jazz style popular at the competition in the 1960s. Lindfors and Thuresson sing of a meeting between a \
Melodifestivalen	description	Winner of the 1985 competition. This up-tempo schlager song is typical of Melodifestivalen entries in the 1980s. The song is about the \
Virginia Bottomley	description	--04-25
Live Through This	description	from Live Through This—the song became the album's lead single and is one of the band's signature songs.
Karl King	description	Karl King's \
Yanni	description	At the 1993 Acropolis concert, Yanni dedicated \
Yanni	description	Liner notes from Yanni's first album Optimystique say he recorded the album in 1980 . Early in his career Yanni focused heavily on the electronic side of music.
Yanni	description	The title track from the Truth of Touch album is more orchestral than his earliest work, but Yanni said that even this 2011 album was started by experimenting with new sound designs.
Yanni	description	The Allmusic review of the Acropolis album characterized this song as \
Yanni	description	Santorini, the name of a Greek island and also the name Yanni in 2011 gave to his symbolically adopted panda cub, is a song included in primary school teachings throughout China. The Allmusic review of the Acropolis album selected this song as epitomizing musical balance, opening with percussive string fanfare but then allowing Yanni to be simply expressive on the acoustic piano as the orchestra toned down.
Bonaparte's gull	description	Long Island, NY, April 2004. By Tony Phillips.
Who's That Girl	description	A sample to Madonna's \
Who's That Girl	description	A sample to Madonna's \
Ring-billed gull	description	Colony in Chicago, USA
Earl Hines	description	An audio sample of \
Fireside chats	description	Roosevelt's first Fireside Chat on the Banking Crisis
Pachelbel's Canon	description	Performed and realized on synthesizers by Jeffrey Hall.
Sacred Harp	description	Sherburne  from the Sacred Harp, performed by the Alabama Sacred Harp Singers
Spotted towhee	description	Spotted towhee singing in the Black Hills of South Dakota, with western meadowlark in the background
Big Black	description	\
Josef Suk	description	Performed by Musopen String Quartet
Burlesque	description	Burleske , by Richard Strauss. Performed by Neal O'Doan with the Seattle Philharmonic Orchestra
Scouse	description	--06-24
Yellowhammer	description	Piano Concerto No. 4 in G major, 1st movement
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	Well-known song by Grenadan-born Trinidadian calypso singer and songwriter Mighty Sparrow
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	Song by calypsonian Lord Kitchener
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	\
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	A major zouk hit by Kassav'
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	Popular song by ragga-zouk singer Lord Kossity, performing here with Chico
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	Song by Aruban composer and pianist Padú del Caribe
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	Papiamento song by a local band called Grupo Guadirikiri
Music of the Lesser Antilles	description	A chutney song by Babla and Kanchan
Pop Goes the Weasel	description	Tune for Pop Goes the Weasel
Chipping sparrow	description	American robin, song sparrow, red-winged blackbird and common grackle sing in background.
Tim Buckley	description	both tracks from Goodbye and Hello
Edison Disc Record	description	A 1918 Diamond Disc Record with Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Marie Caveny on ukulele.
Laura Nyro	description	Laura Nyro, Sweet Blindness
Laura Nyro	description	Laura Nyro, Eli's Comin'
Rockin' Dopsie	description	An audio sample of \
Fox sparrow	description	Call
Nena	description	Nena's famous number-one single, \
John Cena	description	Sample from \
Mary Had a Little Lamb	description	Male singing the first verses of \
Yellow-billed cuckoo	description	Long Island, NY, June 1996. By Tony Phillips.
Therion	description	Sample from Therion's \
Therion	description	Sample from Therion's \
Therion	description	Sample from Therion's \
Therion	description	Sample from Therion's \
Therion	description	Sample from Therion's \
Chimney swift	description	Calls of multiple birds in Iowa
Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water	description	Sample of Limp Bizkit's \
Tomás Luis de Victoria	description	Recorded live in 2003 by The Tudor Consort''
Busy signal	description	Listen to a busy signal from North America.
Busy signal	description	Listen to a busy signal from North America used prior to 1980.
Busy signal	description	Listen to a busy signal from the United Kingdom.
Video game music	description	An excerpt from the intro theme of Unreal, composed by Alexander Brandon with Impulse Tracker, a tracker for the DOS platform.
Video game music	description	A track of ambient music from The Battle for Wesnoth .
Video game music	description	An example of fanfare music in video games, also from The Battle for Wesnoth .
Peggy Mitchell	description	--04-01
Northern flicker	description	Long Island, NY, August 1996. By Tony Phillips.
Morin khuur	description	The sound of a morin khuur
Deep house	description	\
Glass harmonica	description	A piece played almost entirely on a glass harmonica.
Hairy woodpecker	description	Bird call of the hairy woodpecker
Downy woodpecker	description	A downy woodpecker drumming in Minnesota. A distant woodpecker drumming in response, and other birds, can be heard in the background.
Sylvester	description	An excerpt from You Make Me Feel
Sylvester	description	An excerpt from Do You Wanna Funk
Girolamo Frescobaldi	description	Performed on the Taylor and Boody organ at Marquand Chapel, Yale University
Girolamo Frescobaldi	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Patti Page	description	\
Orfeo ed Euridice	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
La sonnambula	description	Act 2, sc. 2, sung by Adelina Patti in 1906
La sonnambula	description	Act 2, sc. 2, sung by Anna Case in 1915
La sonnambula	description	Act 2, sc. 2, sung by  in 1929
L'elisir d'amore	description	Sung by Enrico Caruso in 1911 for the Victor Talking Machine Company.
Benvenuto Cellini	description	Hector Berlioz's Overture to the opera Benvenuto Cellini in an arrangement for wind band, played by the U.S. Marine Band in 1991.
Jules Massenet	description	From Manon, performed by Enrico Caruso and Geraldine Farrar in 1912
Jules Massenet	description	From Le Cid, performed by Marguerita Sylva in 1910
Jules Massenet	description	From Hérodiade, performed by Charles W. Clark in 1914
Jules Massenet	description	Performed by Wasei Dúo
Jules Massenet	description	Performed by l'Atelier Vocal des Herbiers
Thaïs	description	1919
Thaïs	description	Performed by Wasei Dúo, saxophone and piano
Werther	description	Sung by Charlotte in Act III. Sung by Jeanette Ekornaasvaag.
Röyksopp	description	30.0
Manon	description	From Act 2. Performed by Enrico Caruso and Geraldine Farrar in 1912.
Manon	description	Recorded in 1910 by Aristodemo Giorgini for Edison Records.
La damnation de Faust	description	Played by the U.S. Marine Band in 1995 for the album Director's Choice.
Spinet	description	Performed on a spinet by Ulrich Metzner
Béatrice et Bénédict	description	207.0
Reith Lectures	description	Part of a lecture by Martin Rees, recorded June 2010
Murder of Stephen Lawrence	description	--03-27
Green River	description	Sample of the 1986 Green River track \
Mignon	description	sung by Adelina Patti in 1906
Ambroise Thomas	description	Played in 1993 by the United States Marine Band
Queen of Sheba	description	Arrival of the Queen of Sheba by Handel
Common nighthawk	description	Call of the common nighthawk
Room on Fire	description	\
The Division Bell	description	\
Barbara Allen	description	--06-04
Europe	description	excerpt from The Final Countdown .
Europe	description	excerpt from Secret Society .
Garbage	description	Sample of \
Unchained Melody	description	Bobby Hatfield changed the tune to the line \
Alternative metal	description	Sample of \
Alternative metal	description	Sample of \
Alternative metal	description	Sample of \
The Final Cut	description	Waters' lyrics demonstrate his despair of war, in particular the Falklands Conflict.
Ummagumma	description	This song on the studio disc featured a variety of vocal and percussion effects sped up, slowed down, reversed, and spliced together.
KMFDM	description	243.0
KMFDM	description	The \
KMFDM	description	Konietzko wrote the \
KMFDM	description	Part of the chorus from \
KMFDM	description	This song, from the band's second album, features \
George Baker	description	Baker sings the Major-General's Song with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, conducted by Malcolm Sargent
One Hot Minute	description	Sample of \
Presidency of Bill Clinton	description	Video of the First inauguration of Bill Clinton.
Presidency of Bill Clinton	description	audio only version
Presidency of Bill Clinton	description	Bill Clinton making a presentation that ends with a short commentary on the Monica Lewinsky scandal.  The presentation is known for the quote \
Presidency of Bill Clinton	description	--12-08
Sandhill crane	description	USFWS Recording
Waking Up the Neighbours	description	A 30-second sample of the said song.
Bonnie Dundee	description	Tune for Bonnie Dundee
Pilgrim	description	Listen to a sample of Eric Clapton's \
Pilgrim	description	\
Blink-182	description	\
Blink-182	description	\
Apollo 18	description	Chorus sample from \
Cooper's hawk	description	A Cooper's hawk calling from an urban park in Minnesota
Nervous Gender	description	Sample of Nervous Gender \
The Units	description	Sample of The Units song \
Music of Barbados	description	Song by well-known calypsonian Mighty Gabby
Music of Barbados	description	Song by long-running popular calypso group The Merrymen
Music of Barbados	description	Song by well-known singer Hypasounds
Music of Barbados	description	Popular song by ragga-soca artist Rupee
Music of Barbados	description	Popular song by soca artist Red Plastic Bag
Porcupine Tree	description	from The Sky Moves Sideways, which contains some of the Steven Wilson's longest compositions. The band evolved into a more electronic, ambient and trance sound, and included more jam-like parts. The song is mostly instrumental and consists of four movements; on the US release, there's an individual track for each section.
Porcupine Tree	description	from Signify. This album contains shorter pieces than its predecessor, and featured the first collaborative compositions between Wilson and the other band members.
Porcupine Tree	description	is a single from Stupid Dream. \
Porcupine Tree	description	from In Absentia. Again, the style of the band changed notably, besides guitars were tuned down. The song features a heavy riff, acoustic passages, and a catchy, flown chorus.
Porcupine Tree	description	from Deadwing, is a ballad that was chosen for the European single. It features some voice harmonies by Mikael Åkerfeldt from Opeth. The whole song develops over a minimalist piano melody.
Porcupine Tree	description	is a single from Fear of a Blank Planet. The song's lyrics deal with two common neurobehavioural developmental disorders for teenagers in the 21st Century: bipolar disorder and attention deficit disorder.
Porcupine Tree	description	from Fear of a Blank Planet. The song contains soundscapes provided by King Crimson's guitarist, Robert Fripp, and is remarkable for being the only full-band composition of the record.
Piano Concerto No. 1	description	performed February 2011
Shine On You Crazy Diamond	description	The main four note guitar theme that sets the tempo for the next section of the epic.
In the Zone	description	22.0
In the Zone	description	24.0
In the Zone	description	A 22-second sample of \
Chris Pérez	description	The rock ballad \
Frauenliebe und -leben	description	Callista Huffman, mezzo soprano; Giorgi Latso, piano
Pulmonary heart disease	description	The sound of wheezing as heard with a stethoscope.
Roaring Twenties	description	Prohibition era song recorded by Thomas Edison studio, 1922. Duration 3:29.
Bat Out of Hell	description	This sample features the beginning of the chorus.
Good King Wenceslas	description	The first, third, and fifth verses, performed by the chorus of the U. S. Army Band
Modern Talking	description	Modern Talking's \
Dennis Wilson	description	\
Dennis Wilson	description	Co-written and sung by Dennis with lyrical assistance from Carl, \
Long-finned pilot whale	description	Songs of long-finned pilot whales. The cracking noise is caused by echolocation.
Pilot whale	description	Songs of long-finned pilot whales: The cracking noise is caused by echolocation.
Noria	description	Sound of a noria
Mother's Milk	description	\
Mother's Milk	description	The cover of Stevie Wonder's \
Ladysmith Black Mambazo	description	This was the first time the group had written a song specifically about fair trade in Africa. They had originally spoken of it in Oxfam's campaign, Make Trade Fair.
The Wiggles	description	First recorded in 1991 on The Wiggles' first album, this was originally a Cockroaches tune changed slightly to fit the genre of children's music.
The Wiggles	description	\
The Wiggles	description	Originally a Cockroaches tune, one of the many songs in The Cockroaches' library that was changed from Australian pop to children's music
Alpine swift	description	The call is a drawn-out twittering.
Folk music of England	description	A vihuela playing 'Jamaica' from Playford's 4th edition of The English Dancing Master
Warsaw Uprising	description	A news programme on the daily fights in Warsaw
Music of Ireland	description	Instrumental featuring viola da gamba and recorder, performed by Dancing Willow
Pagliacci	description	--03-17
Pagliacci	description	Performed by Enrico Caruso
Les Huguenots	description	Marthe Bakkers soprano , Pierre d'Assy bass , Emile Boussagol baryton . Orchestra and chorus conducted by Alfred Fock. Recorded in 1909
Semper fidelis	description	John Philip Sousa's Semper Fidelis March, performed by the  U.S. Marine Band in June 1909.
Semper fidelis	description	John Philip Sousa's Semper Fidelis March, performed by the U.S. Marine Band in 1989.
The Great Milenko	description	\
In the Aeroplane Over the Sea	description	The third track of In the Aeroplane Over the Sea. This sample contains a portion of the song's second verse. Evident are the driving acoustic guitar progressions and the use of a multitracked singing saw.
In the Aeroplane Over the Sea	description	The sixth track of In the Aeroplane Over the Sea. This sample contains the end of the second verse and the beginning of the chorus. The song prominently features distorted guitars, Jeremy Barnes's drumming, and horn arrangements by Robert Schneider and Scott Spillane.
Piano Quintet	description	Performed by Neal and Nancy O'Doan
Wall of Sound	description	The Righteous Brothers' 1965 single \
Wall of Sound	description	\
Wall of Sound	description	\
Wall of Sound	description	\
In Utero	description	\
In Utero	description	\
Franz von Suppé	description	Light Cavalry Overture
Franz von Suppé	description	Both played by the United States Marine Band
Roll On, Columbia, Roll On	description	Words and music by Woody Guthrie
Music of Italy	description	Operatic music by Giacomo Puccini, performed by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra
Music of Italy	description	Composed by Giuseppe Cambini and performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Music of Italy	description	A 1914 recording by popular Italian opera singers Titta Ruffo and Enrico Caruso of Giuseppe Verdi's Otello
Music of Italy	description	A 1907 recording with Enrico Caruso as Rodolfo and Antonio Scotti as Marcello of \
Music of Italy	description	Arcangelo Corelli, Baroque composer and violinist
Music of Italy	description	A Bersaglieri marching song, recorded in Northern California
Music of Italy	description	A tarantella, sung in Neapolitan dialect, recorded in Northern California
Music of Italy	description	An unaccompanied Italian-American folk song
Music of Italy	description	\
Music of Italy	description	\
Music of Italy	description	\
Music of Italy	description	\
Guy Sebastian	description	Excerpt of live performance by Sebastian & the MGs during The Memphis Tour
Welcome Back, Kotter	description	from Welcome Back by John B. Sebastian, Reprise Records 1976. Sample from The Best of John Sebastian, Rhino Entertainment/WEA Corp., 1989, 1990
Baltimore oriole	description	Male Baltimore oriole singing
New jack swing	description	Produced by Dave Hall, the gold-certified single by Jeff Redd was featured on the soundtrack album to the 1991 film Strictly Business.
Free Software Song	description	An interpretation in proper Bulgarian style, both vocal and musical by several artists
Free Software Song	description	by Richard M. Stallman
The La's	description	An excerpt from \
Ole Bull	description	MIDI file by Ulrich Metzner
Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial	description	--01-06
Roger Reynolds	description	30
Silent Hill	description	A 19-second sample of the industrial composition \
Silverchair	description	\
Silverchair	description	\
Manuel de Falla	description	Performed by Carrie Rehkopf
Manuel de Falla	description	Performed by John Michel
Manuel de Falla	description	Performed live by John Michel
Piano Concerto No. 17	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Vladimir Zhirinovsky	description	recorded May 2013
Video Killed the Radio Star	description	The final chorus of \
Generation Terrorists	description	The song has a different pace from all the other songs in the album. The lyrics were written by Richey and Nicky and presents a metaphor for the capitalist world.
Marquee Moon	description	The short, hook-driven song featured dual guitar playing by Verlaine and Lloyd, who performed the solo.
Jerry Goldsmith	description	clip from the soundtrack of Chinatown.
Jerry Goldsmith	description	Of Star Trek: Voyager composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Machinae Supremacy	description	Machinae Supremacy's version of the Great Gianna Sisters theme
Machinae Supremacy	description	Excerpt of Machinae Supremacy \
Reggaeton	description	Three different modern Dem Bow beats.
Joshua Bell	description	--11-04
Joshua Bell	description	Audio only version
Think Tank	description	Sample of \
Cowbell	description	Cowbell pattern
Office of Strategic Influence	description	\
Alfred Schnittke	description	--12-16
Wilfrido Vargas	description	30.0
Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy	description	An audio clip recording of a PVC symptom, made with a cardiac event monitor.
Crackles	description	Crackles heard in the lungs of a person with pneumonia using a stethoscope.
Pocky	description	Pocky .
St Clement Danes	description	Bells playing Oranges and Lemons
Erhu	description	Sample  from \
Basset horn	description	30.0
Lisa Gerrard	description	30
Organum	description	Organum from the Magnus Liber
Auld Lang Syne	description	Frank C. Stanley's 1910 performance of Auld Lang Syne. Contains the first and last verse.
Auld Lang Syne	description	United States Navy Band instrumental performance
Auld Lang Syne	description	Les Deux Love Orchestra's Classic New Year's Eve Arrangement
Csárdás	description	\
The Clash	description	Sample of single and US album version of \
Antoine Brumel	description	MIDI version
Köpenick	description	The pronunciation of Köpenick in German
Francesco Tamagno	description	Francesco Tamagno, the original Otello, sings \
B.U.G. Mafia	description	from IV: Deasupra tuturor
B.U.G. Mafia	description	from B.U.G. Mafia prezintă CASA
B.U.G. Mafia	description	from Viaţa noastră (Vol.2)
Warbling vireo	description	Song of V. gilvus gilvus at Grey Cloud Dunes SNA, Washington, MN, USA
Texture	description	Tune for Pop Goes the Weasel
Texture	description	Pedal tone in Bach's Prelude no. 6 in D Minor, BWV 851, from The Well Tempered Clavier, Book I, mm. 1–2.
Texture	description	performed on a Flemish harpsichord by Martha Goldstein
Texture	description	Beginning of Tallis' \
Luigi Denza	description	Piece by Luigi Denza performed prior to 1917, by Mattia Battistini
Luigi Denza	description	Piece by Luigi Denza sung in 1929 by Francisca Pomar de Maristany
Pelog	description	The pelog selisir scale, played on a gangsa.
Trans-Siberian Orchestra	description	\
National Flag Anthem of the Republic of China	description	Midi rendition
Slendro	description	-
Indigenous music of North America	description	Phonograph cylinder recording of song by Nlaka'pamux in British Columbia, 1897
Indigenous music of North America	description	Phonograph cylinder recording of song by Hopi Indians in Arizona, 1906
The Easybeats	description	An excerpt from \
Sebastian Coe	description	--12-13
Music of Georgia	description	A sample from Georgian Voices' Adila da Ali-phasha
Dena'ina language	description	Gladys Evanoff pronouncing Dena'ina
Music of Iran	description	A 30-second preview of Erfan's \
Savannah sparrow	description	A Savannah sparrow singing from the edge of a restored prairie in Iowa
Peter Bottomley	description	--04-25
Body Language	description	A 21-second sample of the album's lead single \
Fever	description	21.0
Kelly Clarkson	description	Clarkson displaying her powerful upper soprano range, displaying variations in vibrato as well as her noted dynamic and emotive delivery
Kelly Clarkson	description	Clarkson displaying a softer, breathier timbre to her vocal whilst also demonstrating her harmonizing capabilities in her duet with Vince Gill
Jo Stafford	description	Stafford's biggest hit topped the charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom. With this recording she became the first female singer to top the chart in the U.K.
Jo Stafford	description	An excerpt from one of the tracks on the Grammy Award-winning comedy album Jonathan and Darlene Edwards in Paris, which presents Stafford  singing off-key in a high-pitch voice and her husband Paul Weston  accompanying her on an out-of-tune piano.
Deutsch's scale illusion	description	The above example, played first a channel at a time, then simultaneously. The full illusion, as originally developed by Deutsch, is linked below.
Major third	description	The file plays middle C, followed by E , followed by both tones together.
Major seventh	description	The file plays middle C, followed by B , followed by both tones together.
Major sixth	description	The file plays middle C, followed by A , followed by both tones together.
Gyles Brandreth	description	--01-14
Blackburnian warbler	description	A Blackburnian warbler singing in the Porcupine Mountains, Michigan
List of compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven	description	Performed by the U.S. Marine Band
List of compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven	description	Performed by Kevin MacLeod
List of compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven	description	Arrangement of Bach's fugue
Pausanias	description	An audio recording of this Wikipedia article
Chestnut-sided warbler	description	Chestnut-sided warbler singing at Bear Head Lake State Park in Minnesota
Jack White	description	Demonstrates the \
American yellow warbler	description	Recorded in Prince Edward Point National Wildlife Area, Ontario, Canada
Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814	description	\
Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814	description	The hard rock song \
Rodger Wilton Young	description	The Ballad of Rodger Young performed by the West Point Cadet Glee Club, 1959.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles	description	Opening theme to Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles
Die Wacht am Rhein	description	\
Major-General's Song	description	George Baker sings the Major-General's Song with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, conducted by Malcolm Sargent
Wind chime	description	A recording of wind chimes.
C major	description	One octave played up and down in the c major scale on the piano
Eric Pickles	description	--12-09
Chicane	description	Sample of \
Georg Muffat	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Nihil	description	The \
Augmented fifth	description	An augmented fifth in equal temperament
Augmented fifth	description	An augmented fifth in just intonation
Morgan Motor Company	description	1928
Chris Jericho	description	Sample from \
A440	description	3.0
Uncle Tupelo	description	The fifth track on No Depression, sung by Jay Farrar. This song exemplifies the band's start–stop song technique, which was influenced by The Minutemen.
Uncle Tupelo	description	--03-16
Music of Madagascar	description	The strings of the ancestral valiha are made from the raised fibers of the bamboo tube resonator itself.
Music of Madagascar	description	The steel-string valiha has grown in popularity over the past century.
Music of Madagascar	description	The lokanga is commonly heard in traditional Antandroy music of southern Madagascar.
Music of Madagascar	description	Theatrical Malagasy piano style was based on valiha technique.
Music of Madagascar	description	The valiha and marovany inspired Malagasy guitarist D'Gary.
Music of Madagascar	description	Sodina performance by Rakoto Frah in a song dedicated to him by group Feo-Gasy
Music of Madagascar	description	Malagasy accordion performance by Régis Gizavo
Music of Madagascar	description	Rossy's music is a fusion of Malagasy rhythms, vocal styles and instruments distinguished by the inclusion of the hira gasy brass section.
Music of Madagascar	description	Mangaliba as performed by Rabaza, featuring the kabosy
Music of Madagascar	description	Salegy as performed by Vaiavy Chila
Music of Madagascar	description	Tsapika as performed by Jarifa
Music of Madagascar	description	Malagasy group Oladad blends hip-hop and traditional Betsileo influences, including kabosy and rija.
Music of Madagascar	description	Mifankatiava Ihany is a well-known classic of theatrical ba-gasy vocal style.
Music of Madagascar	description	Afindrafindrao is the final Malagasy quadrille composed for the royal court prior to French colonization in 1896.
Commodore Datasette	description	Commodore Datasette 15-second sound sample
Jenny Jones, Baroness Jones of Moulsecoomb	description	recorded February 2013
Festival Speech Synthesis System	description	A recording of an earlier version of this article made with the text2audio script, which uses Festival Speech Synthesis System.
George Best	description	--07-20
Swamp sparrow	description	Singing from the edge of a marsh in Minnesota
Dangerously in Love	description	The album's lead single, a collaboration with rapper Jay-Z, contains hip hop influence and lyrics about the effect of love.
Dangerously in Love	description	The album's second single features Arabic influences.
Symphony No. 40	description	Molto allegro
Symphony No. 40	description	Andante
Symphony No. 40	description	Menuetto, Allegretto-Trio
Symphony No. 40	description	Allegro assai
Can-can	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Ironic	description	A 22-second sample of the first verse and chorus of \
Piano Sonata No. 29	description	Performed by Bernd Krueger using MIDI
Piano Sonata No. 29	description	Performed by Paul Pitman
Nothingface	description	30.0
Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser	description	Keyboard only, without voice
Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser	description	Voice with accompaniment
Paranoid Android	description	Audio sample from the middle of the second section to the beginning of the first guitar solo
Substance 1987	description	An excerpt from the Substance version of \
The Operative: No One Lives Forever	description	The score of No One Lives Forever dynamically changes during gameplay. In this sample from the \
The Operative: No One Lives Forever	description	Bundled with No One Lives Forever is an album of bonus 1960s-inspired music, titled In the Lounge. This track, called \
Marsh wren	description	A marsh wren singing in Typha marsh in Minnesota
Sedge wren	description	A sedge wren singing in restored tallgrass prairie habitat in Minnesota, US
Legends car racing	description	Legends racing on dirt oval Beaver Dam Raceway — 1.9 MB
Mudvayne	description	30.0
String Quartet No. 6	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Millwall F.C.	description	The infamous terrace chant of Millwall supporters — No one likes us, we don't care.
Velvet Revolver	description	A sample of \
Velvet Revolver	description	A sample of \
Velvet Revolver	description	A sample of \
Symphony No. 36	description	Performed by the Tsumugi Orchestra conducted by Takashi Inoue
Applause	description	Applause by a large audience following an orchestral performance
Black-throated blue warbler	description	Black-throated blue warblers singing in Smoky Mountain, North Carolina
Radio edit	description	The radio edit version of Fuck You by Lily Allen uses sound effects in place of the word 'Fuck'
4′33″	description	Alphonse Allais' Funeral March for the Obsequies of a Deaf Man , an earlier musical work consisting entirely of rests.
Spring peeper	description	The call in relative isolation from others.
Spring peeper	description	A few hundred in a single pond.
1860 in science	description	This 1860 phonautogram by Leon Scott is the earliest known recorded sound.
Yvonne Elliman	description	\
Yvonne Elliman	description	\
Simon Blackburn	description	Recorded March 2011 from the BBC Radio 4 programme In Our Time
Ozric Tentacles	description	Ozric Tentacles play a kind of progressive rock that is based on elements of electronica and is popular with fans of rave music
Vihuela	description	A vihuela playing 'Jamaica' from Playford's The Dancing Master
Silver Arrows	description	Mercedes-Benz W154 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
RoboCop	description	Soundtrack's main theme, composed by Basil Poledouris.
Trompe le Monde	description	is the sixth track from Trompe le Monde. This sample contains the end of the first verse and the chorus.
Gusle	description	The sound of the Serbian gusle
Palpitations	description	An audio clip recording of a PVC symptom, made with a cardiac event monitor.
Electro	description	The beat like that of a TR-808 at 0:04 and the electronically processed vocals at 0:22 are characteristic of the genre.
Signing Off	description	Food for Thought audio sample
Gackt	description	A 30-second sample of \
Gackt	description	A 28-second sample of \
Gackt	description	A 27-second sample of \
Gackt	description	Gackt's number one spot on the charts.
Gloria Patri	description	Gloria Patri setting by Henry Wellington Greatorex
Nashville warbler	description	The typical song of the Nashville warbler, recorded in St. Louis County, Minnesota
Variation	description	Franz Schubert's Impromptu in B flat  No. 3. A theme and variations based on a theme from Schubert's Rosamunde.
White-faced whistling duck	description	The three-note whistling call of the white-faced whistling duck
You Oughta Know	description	The song has an aggressive tone and piercing vocals.
A Mighty Fortress Is Our God	description	A Mighty Fortress is Our God – F.H. Hedge  translation
A Mighty Fortress Is Our God	description	The German text of Ein feste Burg sung to the isometric, more widely known arrangement of its traditional melody.
Hellschreiber	description	The text \
Lobsang Rampa	description	listen to Rampa discussing meditation.
Jacky Cheung	description	A transitional song from the golden age to the Four Heavenly Kings  era by Jacky Cheung
Jacky Cheung	description	Cheung's collaboration with Regine Velasquez is one of Cheung's best duets.
Chant	description	The Latin text of Pange Lingua sung to its traditional melody, mode iii Gregorian chant.
John Playford	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna
John Playford	description	A modern recreation of a musical score found in Playford's The English Dancing Master
Carnival of Carnage	description	\
The Amazing Jeckel Brothers	description	\
Animal language	description	Recording of humpback whales singing and clicking.
Rattlesnake	description	The characteristic sound of a rattlesnake - the rattle shaking, as a result of extremely rapid tail movement
Amy Studt	description	A sample of \
The Beacon Street Collection	description	The album's first single, self-released by the band in 1994.
Gavotte	description	A 1909 Edison Amberol recording of Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar
West Country English	description	--02-10
Yorkshire dialect	description	Voice of John Prescott, recorded February 2012 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
Fernando Sor	description	The second piece from Twelve Minuets, Op. 11, early 19th century
Fernando Sor	description	The first piece from Sor's 24 Progressive Lessons For Beginners, Op. 31, c.1828
Fernando Sor	description	Performed in 2009, this is from Sor's 24 Exercises composed c. 1828
Coheed and Cambria	description	Sample of \
Coheed and Cambria	description	Sample of \
Coheed and Cambria	description	A sample of \
Farruca	description	Home-made recording traditional farruca.
Hi-NRG	description	Short sample of \
Hi-NRG	description	Short sample of \
Justified	description	A 27-second sample of \
Justified	description	90.0
Standard German phonology	description	Traditional fable
TeleZapper	description	Intercept tone played by The TeleZapper
Muslim Magomayev	description	Largo al factotum, an aria from The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini
Muslim Magomayev	description	The troubadour's serenade from On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians, a Soviet animation musical cartoon. Music by Gennady Gladkov
Johannes Ciconia	description	This is a motet performed using MIDI .
The Waterboys	description	The album version of \
The Waterboys	description	The Waterboys' Room to Roam version of the folk song \
UFO	description	30
Robert Winston	description	--12-20
History of the United States	description	Bill Clinton making a presentation that ends with a short commentary on the Monica Lewinsky scandal. The presentation is known for the quote \
Greensleeves	description	Melody
This Left Feels Right	description	22.0
Cantonese opera	description	There are actually two female singers with Yam Kim Fai and Bak Sheut Sin in this sample. Yam Kim Fai is using her trademark indistinguishable male voice behind the Cantonese opera disguise. Only traditional Chinese instruments are used.
Over the Rainbow	description	A sample of the original version of \
Dickcissel	description	A dickcissel recorded in Iowa
Noise reduction	description	Example of noise reduction using Audacity with 0 dB, 5 dB, 12 dB, and 30 dB reduction, 150 Hz frequency smoothing, and 0.15 seconds attack/decay time.
Bill Chase	description	Sample from ''Get It On\
Lemur	description	Mammalian predator alert by a ring-tailed lemur
Lemur	description	Mammalian predator alert by a ruffed lemur
Old-time music	description	Matokie Slaughter, \
Old-time music	description	--10-19
The Shins	description	\
Franz Ferdinand	description	From Franz Ferdinand
Franz Ferdinand	description	From You Could Have It So Much Better
American alligator	description	Alligator bellow, ogg/Vorbis format.
American alligator	description	Alligator hiss ogg/Vorbis format.
Jolin Tsai	description	\
Double stop	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra. Notice the triple stop in the Violins at the first chord.
Vespertine	description	Björk's initial idea was to \
Vespertine	description	Written and produced by Björk, \
Tokio	description	Tokio's single \
Arashi	description	Sample of one of the A-side songs of the single \
Arashi	description	Sample of the single \
Automatic Packet Reporting System	description	Example of a 1200 baud AFSK modulated APRS signal.
Francesco Guccini	description	Guccini said about \
Sonata Arctica	description	Sample of Fullmoon from their first album Ecliptica. This was one of the most popular songs on the album and is a long running setlist staple.
Sonata Arctica	description	Sample of Don't Say a Word from the Reckoning Night album. This album demonstrated their departure towards a more progressive sound.
Sonata Arctica	description	Sample of Cinderblox from the Stones Grow her Name album. After orchestrally complex previous albums in Unia and Days of Grays, Sonata Arctica went for a somewhat simpler sound.
Homogenic	description	\
London Bridge Is Falling Down	description	Tune for London Bridge Is Falling Down
Carlo Gesualdo	description	Performed by MIT Chamber Chorus
Dorian mode	description	An acoustic guitar playing the basic Dorian mode pattern up and down. The recording is in the key of A.
Zooropa	description	The first half of \
Zooropa	description	\
Zooropa	description	The noisy \
Control	description	Jackson's second single \
Songs in A Minor	description	\
The Machines of God	description	Sample of \
Dizzee Rascal	description	Sample of \
Come Away with Me	description	A sample of \
Opera in English	description	A scene from Purcell's Dido and Aeneas. The witches' messenger, in the form of Mercury, attempts to convince Aeneas to leave Carthage.  Note the use of Italian-style recitative, a rarity in English opera at that time.
Home on the Range	description	A recording of the song from Raiford Penitentiary, Florida, 1939.
Rob Dougan	description	23.0
Rob Dougan	description	35.0
The Dils	description	Sample of The Dils \
The Dils	description	Sample of The Dils \
Frankenstein	description	An audio sample of \
The Chieftains	description	The Chieftains and Ziggy Marley covering Bob Marley's \
A Rush of Blood to the Head	description	The music for \
Wes Borland	description	\
Imaginos	description	\
Public address system	description	A call to general quarters aboard a United States Navy vessel.
Purple Rain	description	A sample of Prince and The Revolution's \
Adore	description	Sample of \
The Last Rose of Summer	description	sung by Adelina Patti in 1906
Minute Waltz	description	Performed by Muriel Nguyen Xuan
Alley Cat	description	Alley Cat video game theme song, as played through the PC Speakers.
Symphony No. 6	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Music courtesy of Musopen
Laundry Service	description	19.0
Laundry Service	description	On the power ballad \
Buena Vista Social Club	description	30.0
Sharp-tailed grouse	description	Bird call of the Sharp-tailed Grouse
Switched-On Bach	description	A sample of \
Eraserheads	description	30
Allen Toussaint	description	Words and music by Allen Toussaint, from John Mayall's 1976 album Notice to Appear
Hama	description	Sound of a noria
Currah	description	Audio recording of output from this program listing - 38 KB
The Teen Idles	description	\
Screamo	description	An example of early screamo by Portraits of Past, an influential band which helped define the genre.
Screamo	description	An example of contemporary screamo by Loma Prieta, featuring harsh vocals, stylistic transitions, and emotional lyrics.
Junoon	description	Sayonee, Junoon's single from their fourth studio album Azadi. The song is written by lead guitarist Salman Ahmad and lyricist Sabir Zafar. The single was a hit in South Asia, topping all music charts in Pakistan, India and Bangladesh. The success of the single led the album being the band's highest selling album in South Asia and Junoon received a platinum certification for hitting platinum sales for their album. Also, the single was nominated for the 'Best International Song' at the Channel V Awards in 1998.
Junoon	description	Bulleya, Junoon's single from their fifth studio album Parvaaz. The single is a poetry by famous sufi poet Bulleh Shah. The single was a massive hit in both Pakistan, Bangladesh and India, topping many music charts.
Junoon	description	No More, from the live album Junoon for Peace. The song is based on a poem by musician, lyricist and journalist, Polar Levine.
Junoon	description	Jazba-e-Junoon, Junoon's single from their third studio album Inquilaab.
Junoon	description	Garaj Baras, Junoon's single from their seventh studio album Dewaar. The single also featured as a soundtrack of the Bollywood movie Paap directed by Pooja Bhatt.
Vibraslap	description	Sound of LP Vibraslap
Our Lady Peace	description	A clip of the Clumsy single \
La forza del destino	description	Opening of act 3, scene 3; Enrico Caruso and Giuseppe De Luca
Kirtan	description	An epilogue mantra at the end of a Kirtana.
Kirtan	description	A Sikh kirtana in traditional raga.
Acid rock	description	Count Five's \
Acid rock	description	Iron Butterfly's \
Giles Radice, Baron Radice	description	--04-26
Tobias Hume	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna
Tobias Hume	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna & Christopher Burrus
Post	description	One of Björk's most acclaimed compositions, \
The Mission	description	From The Mission soundtrack by Ennio Morricone
Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes	description	Released in 1972 as a single from the album Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes, this song was the Blue Notes' first major hit.
Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes	description	Released in 1975 as a single from the album To Be True, this song was The Blue Notes' most successful disco hit.
Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes	description	Released in 1975 on the album Wake Up Everybody, this song was later a number-one hit for Thelma Houston.
Smells Like Children	description	Album version, as it appeared on Smells Like Children. The title alludes to occult author Aleister Crowley's novel Diary of a Drug Fiend.
Gaspard de la nuit	description	Performed by Andriy Makarevych
Taking Tiger Mountain	description	\
David Popper	description	Performed by Hans Goldstein  and Mellicia Straaf
Emmy Destinn	description	From Antonín Dvořák's Rusalka; performed in 1915.
Emmy Destinn	description	\
Flexatone	description	Playing 1
Flexatone	description	Playing 2
Flexatone	description	Playing 3
The Kingston Trio	description	The non-orchestrated acoustic sound of this hit record, which has been recognized as a seminal recording in the history of American popular music by the National Recording Registry.
The Kingston Trio	description	The second troupe of the Kingston Trio with John Stewart: altered vocal blend as the group moves away from adapted traditional songs and into singer-songwriter covers.
Odia alphabet	description	The names of the letters and numericals in spoken Standard Modern Odia
Barack Obama	description	President Obama's address
Barack Obama	description	audio only version
General quarters	description	A call to general quarters aboard a United States Navy vessel.
Smiley Smile	description	Much of Smiley Smile uses sparse instrumentation enhanced by inventive vocal arrangements and quirky elements, such as celery bites for percussion.
Smiley Smile	description	Harrison notes that \
Vytas Brenner	description	A representative sample of the art of a Venezuelan pioneer of progressive music.
Tunnel of Love	description	Brilliant Disguise
Phonautograph	description	This 1860 phonautogram by Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is the oldest known intelligible recording of the human voice. Played at what is now believed to be the correct speed, it reveals a man's voice, presumably Scott's, singing very slowly. The words are \
Bansuri	description	Bass Bansuri played with key of E
Bansuri	description	Small Bansuri played with key of E
Bansuri	description	Carnatic 8-hole Venu flute pitch E
Music history of the United States during the colonial era	description	A Florida State Prison recording of this song.
Orchestra hit	description	Orchestra hit is used after the chorus in \
Lagom	description	Pronunciation of lagom. Then the sentence \
Lagom	description	Pronunciation of lagom. Male speaker.
Jay Chou	description	An example of Chou using Chinese style music
Jay Chou	description	A combination of Chinese style music and rap
Solange Knowles	description	1960.0
Walk This Way	description	Aerosmith's \
Walk This Way	description	Run–D.M.C.'s \
Max Miller	description	Miller tells one of his trademark jokes
Danzón	description	Public danzon event on the main plaza in Veracruz, Mexico.
Xtort	description	The chorus of \
Xtort	description	The chorus of \
Bardot	description	The first single from Bardot.
Bardot	description	The second single from Play It Like That.
Christina Aguilera	description	A 19-second sample of \
Warren Jeffs	description	Warren Jeffs preaches on the role of wives.
Joey Yung	description	This song launched Yung to new heights, winning four awards and earning her the title of \
Alto saxophone	description	Full range  chromatic scale
Enrique Granados	description	5.0
Enrique Granados	description	Performed by William Riley. Courtesy of Musopen
Computer World	description	Excerpt from the \
Brian Blade	description	From the 2014 album Landmarks
Dragon Ball	description	Sample of \
Pinoy hip hop	description	Sample of Pamilia Dimagiba's \
Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren	description	Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren 722 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Like a Prayer	description	Released as the album's third single, \
Chattanooga Choo Choo	description	--02-10
When Doves Cry	description	Prince's \
Papa Don't Preach	description	27.0
Colin MacIntyre	description	A sample from near the start of \
Colin MacIntyre	description	A sample from near the start of \
Piano Sonata No. 23	description	Performed in 2007 by Kristian Cvetković.  Run time is ten minutes and one second
Piano Sonata No. 23	description	48.0
Piano Sonata No. 23	description	16.0
Piano Sonata No. 23	description	Piano performance by Arthur Schnabel in 1933.  Run time is four minutes and one second
Piano Sonata No. 23	description	Piano performance by Arthur Schnabel in 1933.  Run time is three minutes and eleven seconds
Rök Runestone	description	A reading of the Theodoric strophe from the Rök stone.
Kindertotenlieder	description	All with Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Berlin Philharmonic, Rudolf Kempe
Time	description	\
Are You Experienced	description	The intro and opening riff
Are You Experienced	description	A spoken passage from the second section
Ludovico Einaudi	description	Extract from 2007 album \
Blur	description	122.0
Blur	description	Sample of \
Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf	description	Porticodoro / SmartCGArt Media Productions - Classical Orchestra.
Be Here Now	description	\
Wacken Open Air	description	The official Wacken Hymn, performed by Doro and Skyline.
Yankee Hotel Foxtrot	description	The first track from the album, this song featured an intro on crotales composed by Glenn Kotche.
Edgar Martínez	description	The winning call of the 1995 American League Division Series, now named \
Staples Inc.	description	2.0
Symphony No. 6	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Anthem of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic	description	1970.0
Anthem of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic	description	1970.0
Anthem of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic	description	State Academy Theatre of Minsk recording of 1952
Anthem of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic	description	Instrumental recording United States Navy Band
Anthem of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic	description	2002
Francisco Tárrega	description	Performed by Carlo Alberto Boni
Feodor Chaliapin	description	Mephisto in Gounod's Faust
Feodor Chaliapin	description	From Mussorgsky's Boris Godunov
Feodor Chaliapin	description	1902
Feodor Chaliapin	description	Russian folksong later adapted as The Carnival is Over
Three Days Grace	description	\
Siciliana	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Siciliana	description	Performed by Aulikki Rautawaara  and Orchester des Deutschen Opernhauses
Siciliana	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein
Siciliana	description	Performed by Wikipedia user \
Sephiroth	description	The revised \
Boredoms	description	\
Closing Time	description	The album's opening track features distinctive use of piano with folk-led instrumentation, a key factor to how the album eventually sounded.
Changeable hawk-eagle	description	Call of changeable hawk-eagle recorded in Parambikulam
Lion dance	description	Musicians accompanying lion dance at Seattle's Chinatown-International District Night Market, Hing Hay Park
Caxixi	description	Large and small caxixi played together
Strapping Young Lad	description	\
Strapping Young Lad	description	\
Strapping Young Lad	description	\
Michael J. Sandel	description	Recorded June 2009 from the BBC Radio 4 programme the Reith Lectures
In This Skin	description	18.0
Okinawan music	description	The traditional Okinawan song \
Scops owl	description	Recorded in Parambikulam
Silver Side Up	description	Nickelback's \
Mr. Tambourine Man	description	An excerpt from a 1964 demo recording of \
Drop D tuning	description	A D5 power chord played in Drop D tuning on an electric guitar played with a distortion effect
DragonForce	description	A brief sample of the sixth track from the Sonic Firestorm album.
Bad	description	A 25-second sample of Jackson's \
Bad	description	The lyrics to \
Bad	description	The Way You Make Me Feel is the album's token love song which was written by Jackson.
Thriller	description	Excerpt of the album's title track and one of Jackson's signature pieces, \
Thriller	description	\
Thriller	description	\
Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix	description	Excerpt of the track \
Suikinkutsu	description	Recording of the sound of a suikinkutsu
HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I	description	Excerpt of the single \
HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I	description	Excerpt of the album track \
HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I	description	A sample of \
HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I	description	Unlike other songs lyrics on HIStory, the lyrics to \
Indian nightjar	description	Call of Indian nightjar
Zeraim	description	A traditional setting of the last passage of Berakhot, which describes how Jewish scholars increase peace. Performed by Cantor Meyer Kanewsky in 1919.
Viva Hate	description	\
Jacques Ibert	description	Performed by Michael Henoch, Larry Combs and William Buchman. Courtesy of Musopen
Everything Must Go	description	The single, certified Silver in the UK, is one of the band's best selling singles.
Yip Yip Yaphank	description	The hit song of the show, Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning, sung by Arthur Fields in 1919
Yip Yip Yaphank	description	Another version, by Irving Kaufman.
Ambient house	description	Sample from The Orb's \
Telebit	description	Two PEP modems connecting. At the start is speed negotiation, then measurement of line quality, and finally the rapid-fire sound of the constant switching of the direction of transmission, since no data is being transferred.
Ey Iran	description	Ey Iran Gholamhossein Banan's Version;
One by One	description	Sample of the album's lead single \
This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours	description	The single reached number one on the UK charts, it was widely named 'Single Of The Year'
The Association	description	\
Héctor Lavoe	description	30.0
Bush House	description	Audio description of Bush House by Zoë Wanamaker
Royal Regiment of Fusiliers	description	\
Take My Breath Away	description	A sample of Berlin's \
Girls Aloud	description	Girls Aloud's first number-one hit single in the UK, was one of the songs credited with reshaping British pop music for the 2000s.
Death Cab for Cutie	description	Sample from the song \
Big L	description	In \
RahXephon	description	Sample from Hashimoto's ending theme, featuring synthesiser ambients and vocals.
RahXephon	description	Sample from near the beginning of \
RahXephon	description	Hashimoto's jazz compositions range from experimental to the more mainstream, like \
If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next	description	Contrary to popular belief, there are no live strings on the record. The strings are instead produced by a synthesizer.
2 Unlimited	description	Sample of \
Let It Bleed	description	A sample of The Rolling Stones's \
Korg M1	description	The famous organ preset used in many 90's house and rave songs.
Laid Back	description	First released in 1983 as a B-side of the single \
Stripped	description	\
Stripped	description	\
Faust	description	Méphistophélès  gives Faust  a glimpse of Marguerite, and he signs the contract with the Devil, and heads out with him to experience the world, in this 1910 recording of the act 1 finale.
Faust	description	Méphistophélès, act 2, performed by Feodor Chaliapin
Faust	description	Méphistophélès, act 4, performed by Feodor Chaliapin
Laughing dove	description	Call of S. s. cambayensis
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy	description	Echocardiogram demonstrating systolic anterior motion of the anterior leaflet of the mitral valve
Pansori	description	Song Man-gab singing a pansori danga in 1934
Carl Wilson	description	\
Carl Wilson	description	\
Choro	description	Choro \
Choro	description	Choro \
Choro	description	Choro  \
Choro	description	Choro \
Choro	description	Choro Sofres porque queres, recorded in 1919 by Pixinguinha on the flute
Choro	description	\
Choro	description	Polca-choro \
Choro	description	Choro \
Choro	description	Choro \
Choro	description	Choro \
Choro	description	Polca-choro \
Choro	description	Choro  \
Choro	description	Choro  \
Choro	description	0.0
Seven-string guitar	description	Example of seven-string guitar \
Progressive house	description	by Gat Decor
Johann Caspar Ferdinand Fischer	description	Performed on a clavichord by Joan Benson
Red spurfowl	description	Call of red spurfowl recorded at Wayanad, April 2006
Al Kooper	description	Sample of \
Al Kooper	description	Sample of \
Al Kooper	description	Sample of \
Billy Murray	description	performed by Billy Murray
Billy Murray	description	Performed by Billy Murray
Tango	description	Traditional Tango de triana.
Let It Be	description	The Beatles' \
O-Zone	description	O-Zone's single \
Hüsker Dü	description	Sample of \
Caprice No. 24	description	An arrangement for violin and piano performed by Elias Goldstein on viola, with Christina Lalog on piano
Symphony No. 2	description	Performed by the Tsumugi Orchestra conducted by Takashi Inoue
Symphony No. 1	description	All the above performed by the New York Symphony in 1930 under the baton of Willem Mengelberg
Impossible Princess	description	The song contains an aggressive vocal style, with alternative and Eastern musical influences.
Thrice	description	from The Illusion of Safety - \
Thrice	description	from The Alchemy Index - \
GenBank	description	Nucleotide sequences for more than 300,000 organisms with supporting bibliographic and biological annotation.
Kylie	description	A dance remake of the Little Eva hit, and the only major American hit of Minogue's early career.
Kylie	description	Minogue's first worldwide hit which introduced her as a dance-pop artist.
Rhythm of Love	description	A more hard edged dance song, and the first to present Minogue as a mature and sexually aware adult.
Rhythm of Love	description	The album's third single release.
E-Rotic	description	1990.0
Bruce Hornsby	description	The song's discussion of the troubled economy and race relations resonated with the American public and it remains Hornsby's best known song.
Out of Time	description	Losing My Religion audio sample
Monster	description	Sample of \
California Dreamin'	description	The Mamas & the Papas' \
Michael Bublé	description	A sample of the song \
Down on the Upside	description	A sample of \
The Last Tour on Earth	description	Live version recorded in Imola, Italy, as it appeared on The Last Tour on Earth
Cantillation	description	This is a portion of the blessing that is traditionally chanted before the Aliyah La-Torah .
Cantillation	description	A traditional setting of the last passage of the first tractate of the Mishnah, Berakhot, which describes how scholars of the Talmud create peace in the world. Performed by cantor Meyer Kanewsky in 1919 for Edison Records.
RTÉ 2fm	description	From RTÉ Radio 2.ogg
Mother Earth	description	Rapid orchestral strings move to the forefront on the chorus of this title track from Within Temptation's second album Mother Earth.
Jem	description	30.0
Ride of the Valkyries	description	Performed by the American Symphony Orchestra for Edison Records in 1921
Chiquinha Gonzaga	description	\
Child Ballads	description	Child Ballad #84. 1939 recording of Hule \
Ernestine Schumann-Heink	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Southern American English	description	An example of a Texas-raised male with a rhotic accent .
Southern American English	description	An example of a Plains, Georgia male with a non-rhotic accent .
Southern American English	description	An example of a southwestern Arkansas male with a rhotic accent .
Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me	description	Sample of \
Purr	description	Different cats can sound somewhat different when purring.
Purr	description	Domestic cat purring mixed with pronounced meowing
Purr	description	This sound is made when the guinea pig is contented, such as when being petted or held, when grooming,  investigating a new place, or given food. It is neither continuous nor does it correspond to respiration, and thus is not a true purr.
Indian scimitar babbler	description	Call of Indian scimitar-babbler recorded at Wayanad, April 2006
Costanzo Festa	description	This last piece is a contrafactum by Loyset Compère on a composition by Costanzo Festa.  All five of the above performances were by the MIT Chamber Chorus under direction of William Cutter.
Hail to the Chief	description	\
Hail to the Chief	description	Four \
Nora Bayes	description	1909
The Lighthouse Keepers	description	(\
Alphonse Allais	description	Marche funèbre composée pour les funérailles d'un grand homme sourd , a musical work consisting entirely of silence.
Joy to the World	description	An a cappella performance by Kim Butler and others
Joy to the World	description	Piano performance
Joy to the World	description	MIDI orchestral performance with descant suitable for use in services
Joy to the World	description	Choral performance by United States Army Chorus
Romeo Void	description	The band's most popular song, \
Romeo Void	description	\
Rusalka	description	Performed by Emmy Destinn, 1915
Basil Poledouris	description	Soundtrack's main theme, composed by Basil Poledouris.
Sunflower	description	Timothy White deemed \
Sunflower	description	Production for \
Soundscape	description	Shared by El Cloquido
Meg White	description	White singing lead vocals on the song \
Dido and Aeneas	description	The Sorceress' messenger, in form of Mercury, attempts to convince Aeneas to leave Carthage.
Brundibár	description	Excerpt from Berliner Kinderoper production, 2005
Rufus Wainwright	description	30.0
Hands Across the Sea	description	\
Hands Across the Sea	description	\
Hatillo, Puerto Rico	description	Shared by El Cloquido
Michelle	description	The Beatles's \
Symphony No. 4	description	Ex. 2
Symphony No. 4	description	Ex. 3
Carl Tausig	description	Performed by Setrak Setrakian. Courtesy of Musopen
La Cucaracha	description	Performed by Sean Buss & Elisa
Christina Milian	description	A sample of \
Vanessa Paradis	description	An excerpt from Joe Le Taxi
The Times They Are a-Changin'	description	19.0
The Girl from Ipanema	description	Astrud Gilberto, along with João Gilberto and Stan Getz's \
The Girl from Ipanema	description	Ella Fitzgerald's version of \
Sumer Is Icumen In	description	Melody only
Sumer Is Icumen In	description	As six-voice round
Gray mouse lemur	description	High-frequency, fast-paced squeaks emitted when startled
Gray mouse lemur	description	High-frequency, loud chirps emitted under normal conditions
Be	description	Pronunciation of name of Cyrillic 'Б'
Police Squad!	description	The famous theme, composed by Ira Newborn.
Phantom Power	description	\
Phantom Power	description	Short clip from \
This Land Is Your Land	description	Sample of Woody Guthrie's song, \
Feeder	description	\
Feeder	description	\
Feeder	description	\
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man	description	Catalog of all known human genes and genetic phenotypes.
The Washington Post	description	The United States Marine Band performs The Washington Post
Screamer	description	Henry Fillmore's Troopers Tribunal, a circus march for which Fillmore used a punning name – troupers, as in a circus troupe – in order to conceal whom he wrote the march for from his conservative father.
Screamer	description	Fillmore's \
Screamer	description	Fillmore's \
Wake turbulence	description	50.0
Reckoning	description	Opening track \
Selling England by the Pound	description	Tony Banks wrote most of \
Karel Gott	description	1960.0
Transatlanticism	description	Sample from the song \
1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens	description	Amateur recording of a series of booms produced by the eruption, as heard from the town of Newport, Oregon .
Strap It On	description	30.0
Wicked Lester	description	The horn section heard in this clip is an example of the musical elements Wicked Lester's unreleased album featured.  This song was released as part of Kiss's Box Set in 2001.
Vol. 3:	description	\
Piano Sonata No. 21	description	Performed by Artur Schnabel circa 1935
Piano Sonata No. 21	description	Performed by Michael Hawley. Courtesy of Musopen
Flight of the Bumblebee	description	Flight of the Bumblebee performed by the US Army Band
Lucrezia Borgia	description	Performed in 1912 by Feodor Chaliapin .
Lucrezia Borgia	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Louder Than Love	description	A sample of \
Neapolitan chord	description	II6–V–I
Antonio de Cabezón	description	performed on a harpsichord by Robert Schröter
Antonio de Cabezón	description	performed on a clavichord by Joan Benson
Bad Hair Day	description	\
Even Worse	description	\
Even Worse	description	\
Running with Scissors	description	Sample of \
Running with Scissors	description	A sample of It's All About the Pentiums, which parodies a rock remix of It's All About the Benjamins by Puff Daddy and the family. The lyrics make references to computer software and hardware including HP, Microsoft, Intel and many others.
Off the Deep End	description	\
Off the Deep End	description	\
Dare to Be Stupid	description	\
Dare to Be Stupid	description	\
UHF – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack and Other Stuff	description	\
%22Weird Al%22 Yankovic in 3-D	description	\
%22Weird Al%22 Yankovic in 3-D	description	\
Whale vocalization	description	Recording of humpback whales singing and clicking.
Whale vocalization	description	Recorded in the Atlantic
Whale vocalization	description	Recorded in North Eastern Pacific
Whale vocalization	description	Recorded in the South Pacific
Whale vocalization	description	Recorded in the West Pacific
United States Auto Club	description	Brad Sweet setting fast time in qualifying for the USAC National Midget Series race at Dodge County, Wisconsin, USA in 2008— 681 kb
Keane	description	The first single release from Perfect Symmetry. Intro sample.
We Are the World	description	The structuring of \
California Girls	description	Beginning with Carl Wilson's 12-string guitar and a horn section, \
Natural horn	description	Franz Schubert - Octet - 1. Adagio - Allegro
Oath of office of the President of the United States	description	--01-20
Oath of office of the President of the United States	description	--01-21
The Bartered Bride	description	Performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra, Hamilton Harty, conductor, 1930
The Bartered Bride	description	Performed by the U.S. Marine Band
Lute song	description	Lute song by Thomas Campion
Wall of Voodoo	description	Sample of Wall of Voodoo \
Wall of Voodoo	description	Sample of Wall of Voodoo \
Wall of Voodoo	description	Sample of Wall of Voodoo \
Sinn Sisamouth	description	Sample of Sinn Sisamouth's \
Ros Serey Sothea	description	Sample from Ros Sereysothea - Chnam oun Dop-Pram Muy from the compilation Cambodian Rocks
Pan Ron	description	Sample of Pan Ron's Rom Jongvak Twist
Pan Ron	description	Sample of Pan Ron's Knyom Mun Sok Jet Te
8701	description	\
Thigh-high boots	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski blows party horn wearing thigh-high kinky boots for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Don't Tell Me	description	A 28-sample of \
Buckling spring	description	The characteristic sound produced by the buckling-spring mechanisms of a Model M keyboard.
Sonification	description	a child with a proficient handwriting
Sonification	description	a child with dysgraphia
Sonification	description	an adult with a proficient handwriting
America	description	\
Scott Walker	description	One of Walker's most popular recordings, the Jacques Brel cover \
Luna Sea	description	A 30-second sample of \
Luna Sea	description	--12-27
Luna Sea	description	A 30-second sample of \
Luna Sea	description	A 27-second sample of the slow pop rock ballad \
Luna Sea	description	A 30-second sample of \
Luna Sea	description	A 30-second sample of \
Al Jardine	description	Jardine sings lead vocal on the Beach Boys' number one charting single \
S.H.E	description	From Genesis . This is the first S.H.E song to feature contributions by a member of the group , and the first to mix pop music with rap. It was not until Magical Journey  that pop/rap combinations became a staple of S.H.E albums.
S.H.E	description	From Super Star . Most of S.H.E's pop/rock songs, including \
S.H.E	description	The original country-style ballad by J.D. Souther.
S.H.E	description	S.H.E's rendition of the Souther original, now infused with elements of bubblegum pop and rap.
Mykola Lysenko	description	Lyrics by Taras Shevchenko. Performed by Pavlo Hunka  and Albert Krywolt
Mykola Lysenko	description	Lyrics by Yevhen Hrebinka.
Mykola Lysenko	description	Lyrics by Mykola Voronyi.
Mykola Lysenko	description	Lyrics by Ivan Franko.
Mykola Lysenko	description	Lyrics by Lesia Ukrainka. Performed by Krisztina Szabó  and Albert Krywolt
Mykola Lysenko	description	The first art song by Lysenko on lyrics by Taras Shevchenko. Performed by Ivanna Sturmak  and Oleksandr Kozarenko
Mykola Lysenko	description	Lyrics by Oleksandr Konysky. Performed by Mariana Pochapska  and Ilona Eltek
Construction Time Again	description	A 30-second sample of \
The Motors	description	An excerpt from Airport
Last-call return	description	Listen to Last-call return , voiced by Pat Fleet.
Ignacy Jan Paderewski	description	Performed prior to 1917 by S. Jacobson
Ignacy Jan Paderewski	description	Recording in 1937 of Nocturnes, Op. 15 (Chopin), No. 2
Light rail in Sydney	description	--02-14
Greek alphabet	description	The names of the letters in spoken Standard Modern Greek
The Beau Brummels	description	A sample of \
The Beau Brummels	description	A sample of \
The Beach Boys Today!	description	\
The Beach Boys Today!	description	\
The Beach Boys Today!	description	The music in \
Wild Honey	description	\
Wild Honey	description	Daniel Harrison called \
Friends	description	\
William Walker	description	Instrumental  rendition of hymn tune \
William Walker	description	Instrumental  rendition of hymn tune \
Cristóbal de Morales	description	Realisation with Virtual Singer and Harmony Assistant
Flipper	description	Sample of the 1981 Flipper single \
Diorama	description	\
Diorama	description	\
Dreamfall: The Longest Journey	description	21.0
Nick Clegg	description	--10-24
Olympic symbols	description	composed by John Williams for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles
The Saw Doctors	description	From If This Is Rock and Roll, I Want My Old Job Back
The Saw Doctors	description	Sugababes cover
Mägo de Oz	description	30.0
Confrontation	description	Stiff Necked Fools audio sample
Gordon Wilson	description	Excerpt of BBC interview with Gordon Wilson
1993 Russian constitutional crisis	description	Negotiations between Rutskoy and the Central Internal Affairs Directorate
Noisy miner	description	Bird call of the noisy miner
Noisy miner	description	Juvenile begging for food. Two Adults sound an alarm call at the end of the recording.
Matt Monro	description	An excerpt from \
In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3	description	A sample of \
Torrijos–Carter Treaties	description	--09-07
Torrijos–Carter Treaties	description	audio only version
The Royal Regiment of Canada	description	The regimental quick march of the Royal Regiment of Canada as performed by their Regimental Band, originally recorded in 1996 on their album Footsteps in Time
Violin Concerto	description	Performed by Franziska Früh with the Fulda Symphony Orchestra
Structural Classification of Proteins database	description	Protein Structure Classification
Ivan Franko	description	Franko wrote the lyrics for this song composed by Mykola Lysenko in 1898, and performed in 2014, duration is 0:59
Ivan Franko	description	Franko wrote the lyrics for this song composed by Mykola Lysenko, and performed in 2010, duration is 2:13
Lillian Russell	description	Lillian Russell's only known recording, from 1912
Marinella	description	Marinella's hit \
In the Hall of the Mountain King	description	Performed by the Czech National Symphony Orchestra
A	description	Pronunciation of name of Cyrillic 'A'
Luca Marenzio	description	MIDI version
Goldfrapp	description	Goldfrapp cited this song as their favourite on Supernature.
Frank Klepacki	description	30.0
Buena Vista Social Club	description	According to Ry Cooder, the song became the group's \
Buena Vista Social Club	description	The song features the piano playing of Rubén González, and was the Havana club's \
Dionisio Aguado y García	description	Six Petites Pieces, No. 1 by Dionisio Aguado
Dionisio Aguado y García	description	Six Petites Pieces, No. 2 by Dionisio Aguado
Dionisio Aguado y García	description	Six Petites Pieces, No. 3 by Dionisio Aguado
Dionisio Aguado y García	description	Six Petites Pieces, No. 4 by Dionisio Aguado
Dionisio Aguado y García	description	Six Petites Pieces, No. 5 by Dionisio Aguado
Dionisio Aguado y García	description	Six Petites Pieces, No. 6 by Dionisio Aguado
Turkish music	description	Reconstruction of Turkish Stop on Early Pianos
Turkish music	description	Mozart Turkish Theme from Violin Concerto No. 5
Folsom Prison Blues	description	From the album At Folsom Prison. The most popular live version of the song.
The Blue Danube	description	Excerpt . Courtesy of Musopen
Candida	description	Producer Hank Medress aimed for \
4-Track Demos	description	Ecstasy audio sample
Uh Huh Her	description	\
To Bring You My Love	description	The title track recalls the blues of Robert Johnson as well as the song \
To Bring You My Love	description	The song features extensive use of a synthesized organ and features an orchestral ensemble.
To Bring You My Love	description	The album's closing track is influenced by the Spaghetti western soundtracks of Ennio Morricone.
Jeronimo de la Ossa	description	\
Jack Norworth	description	\
Jack Norworth	description	1909
Earth Angel	description	\
Karl Jenkins	description	an excerpt from the piece.
Tejas	description	An audio sample from \
The Burkiss Way	description	An excerpt from Douglas Adams's Burkiss Way sketch, \
Cello Concerto	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Mu chord	description	3
Lowell George	description	written by Allen Toussaint, from the 1973 Little Feat album Dixie Chicken
The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind	description	18
Fred Jewell	description	Performed by the United States Air Force Band
James W. Gerard	description	Former Ambassador James W. Gerard. Warns of the \
Dave Swarbrick	description	Sample of \
Sofia Rotaru	description	\
National Taiwan Normal University	description	Overture to The Marriage of Figaro performed in 2008 by the NTNU Chamber Philharmonic
Ferdinando Carulli	description	The first piece from Carulli's Opus 114
Ferdinando Carulli	description	The second piece from Carulli's Opus 114
Return of Saturn	description	The first single, featuring New Wave influences, rapped vocals, flamenco guitar, and use of the piano.
Return of Saturn	description	The album's second single, a lo-fi ballad in which Stefani discusses wanting to settle down.
Fred Waring	description	Fred Waring and His Pennsylvanians sing \
Mischa Elman	description	Recording of Mischa Elman playing the meditation from Massenet's opera Thaïs.
Lustmord	description	Sample of Lustmord \
Nat Adderley	description	An audio sample of \
Carlos Hartling	description	\
Seikilos epitaph	description	Melody sung in an approximation of Koine Greek pronunciation and in modern popular vocal style.
Alejandro Sanz	description	The single \
Marin Marais	description	Performed by New Comma Baroque
Marin Marais	description	Performed by the Viols of Fort Wayne
Marin Marais	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Stephen Balderston
Frances Alda	description	\
Frances Alda	description	A 1913 recording of \
Eurobeat	description	\
Eurobeat	description	Beginning → riff in Niko's \
Eurobeat	description	Megamix-beginning → riff [then cut to] b melo → sabi → riff in D.Essex's \
Eurobeat	description	Remixed by Bratt Sinclaire, from Ayu-ro Mix
Awake	description	This excerpt is taken from forty-eight seconds onwards.
Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery	description	\
Symphony No. 104	description	These pieces were performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1935
The Screamers	description	Sample of The Screamers \
Tavisupleba	description	Vocal recording from the Government of Georgia
Tavisupleba	description	Instrumental recording made by the United States Navy Band
Who Do You Think You Are	description	A 25-second sample of the song. Beckham and Brown trades lines during the second verse, while Chisholm's vocals are prominently featured during the pre-chorus.
Say You'll Be There	description	A 25-second sample of the song, featuring the group singing the second chorus, with a backing track that mixes pop and R&B, and part of Judd Lander's harmonica solo.
Viva Forever	description	The group's last number-one single with Ginger Spice, Geri Halliwell.
The Killers	description	The anthemic \
Bobby Driscoll	description	--03-23
Heather O'Rourke	description	O'Rourke's performance of her famous line from Poltergeist
Rufous-vented chachalaca	description	Recorded before dawn, in Caraballeda, Venezuela.
Surf's Up	description	\
Surf's Up	description	\
15 Big Ones	description	Carl and Brian Wilson exchanging lead vocals on a cover of the Righteous Brothers' \
The Beach Boys Love You	description	Over a duelling synthesizer arrangement, Dennis and Brian Wilson share the lead vocal in this sample of \
Tapestry	description	Carole King's \
Pies Descalzos	description	A sample of \
Ranger tab	description	Official U.S. Army video about the Ranger Tab
Spiderland	description	A sample of \
Spiderland	description	A sample of \
Special Forces Tab	description	Official U.S. Army video about the Special Forces Tab
Read my lips: no new taxes	description	George H.W. Bush speaking about taxes at the 1988 Republican National Convention
Crotalus	description	sound of a rattlesnake
Bloc Party	description	\
Leon Russell	description	George Benson's \
In the Court of the Crimson King	description	37
A New Day Has Come	description	The \
A New Day Has Come	description	Dion's \
All the Way... A Decade of Song	description	The uptempo lead single from the album, produced by Max Martin and Kristian Lundin.
All the Way... A Decade of Song	description	The Robert John \
Heinrich Scheidemann	description	Performed on the Taylor and Boody organ at Marquand Chapel, Yale University
Stepping switch	description	The sound of a step-by-step call reaching a busy circuit.
Streets of Rage	description	Sample of \
Streets of Rage	description	Sample of the final stage theme \
Epica	description	A sample from Design Your Universe which demonstrates Epica's use of grunts and a choir
Slay Tracks	description	\
Slay Tracks	description	\
Demolition Plot J-7	description	\
Vladimir Voinovich	description	--12-14
Wannabe	description	A 26-second sample from \
Battlefield 2	description	41.0
M.I.U. Album	description	\
Cybotron	description	Excerpt from \
Roland CR-78	description	The Rhumba beat with metallic effect on the CR-78.
Roland CR-78	description	The CR-78 introduction to the song.
Brother, Can You Spare a Dime%3F	description	Rudy Vallee's recording is one of the most famous versions.
Zulu	description	from the BBC Radio 4 programme Front Row, 29 Sept 2010
James Whitcomb Riley	description	A 1912 phonograph recording of Riley reading his famous poem, \
Project 86	description	Some Christians were concerned with the lyrics in Truthless Heroes; in the first track, Little Green Men, Schwab yells \
Project 86	description	\
Project 86	description	The last track on Picket Fence Cartel, \
Good Vibrations	description	Wilson thought of the theremin as \
Good Vibrations	description	--08-24
Skunk Anansie	description	A sample of \
Model M keyboard	description	The characteristic sound produced by the buckling-spring mechanisms of a Model M keyboard.
Be Thou My Vision	description	Selected verses of \
Yuri Orlov	description	--05-11
Hasil Adkins	description	\
Don't Cry for Me Argentina	description	30.0
Let Love In	description	Red Right Hand audio sample
Maple Leaf Rag	description	Maple Leaf Rag
Maple Leaf Rag	description	A June 1916 Piano Roll recording of Scott Joplin for The Aeolian Company.
Post	description	Paul Kelly's first solo single, \
Renée Geyer	description	Geyer's version of Paul Kelly's \
Kočani	description	Excerpt of speech by a woman from Kočani Valley in the local Štip – Kočani dialect
Turkey in the Straw	description	\
Adiemus	description	an excerpt from the piece.
Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach	description	Performed by soprano Elisabeth Schumann, 1934
Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach	description	Ukrainian words by M. Strikha
Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach	description	attribution to J. S. Bach doubtful
Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach	description	composed by Christian Petzold
Sonatina	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Mazzy Star	description	Album version, as it appeared on She Hangs Brightly
Mazzy Star	description	Album version, as it appeared on So Tonight That I Might See
Big Brother	description	17.0
Chrysler Slant-6 engine	description	A 225 slant-6 engine in a 1965 Canadian Valiant starts and runs
Concerto for Two Violins	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with David Perry and Roxana Pavel Goldstein .  For another version, see here.
Concerto for Two Violins	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with David Perry and Roxana Pavel Goldstein
Locrian mode	description	The chorus of the song.
Hans Leo Hassler	description	Performed on organ by Ulrich Metzner
Duduk	description	Melody performed with a duduk by SERGO.TEL.
The Quatermass Xperiment	description	The rising and falling three-note semitone that pervades the score.
Air de cour	description	Air de cour by Étienne Moulinié
I Should Coco	description	29.0
I Should Coco	description	28.0
I Should Coco	description	22.0
Antoine Busnois	description	Hear a performance of Busnoys' rondeau Quant ce vendra performed by ASTERIA
Blind Idiot God	description	\
Blind Idiot God	description	\
Blind Idiot God	description	30.0
Everytime	description	20.0
Fozzy	description	21.0
Mortification	description	Sample of \
Harvey Danger	description	from Where have all the merrymakers gone?
W16 engine	description	Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Jingle Bells	description	Original melody
Jingle Bells	description	Performed on Piano, flute, clarinet, French horn
Jingle Bells	description	Performed on Celesta and Violin
Colchester Royal Grammar School	description	Composed by Cuthbert H. Cronk.
Notre Dame school	description	Breves dies hominis, Notre Dame school.
Eek-A-Mouse	description	Border Patrol audio sample
Chevrolet straight-6 engine	description	Chevrolet Opala SS 250-S in drag race
Rover V8 engine	description	Sound clip of a 3.5 L Rover V8 engine, as fitted to a 1979 Range Rover.
Carl Reinecke	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet with extra players
Carl Reinecke	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet with extra horn player
Touch of My Hand	description	24.0
Mexico City Metro	description	At General Anaya station.
The Aquabats	description	\
The Aquabats	description	With guitar riffs and synthesizers taking precedence over brass melodies, Floating Eye marked The Aquabats' transition from ska into more textured punk and new wave sounds.
The Aquabats	description	Charge!!, The Aquabats' first album as a quintet, established the band's current musical style of guitar-driven rock and punk.
Aerith Gainsborough	description	The orchestral arrangement of \
Farfisa	description	A Farfisa Compact
The Score	description	The Fugees' \
Evermore	description	23.0
Evermore	description	25.0
Gillian Welch	description	The first track on Gillian Welch's first album Revival. This song exemplifies Welch and Rawlings' minimal arrangements and Welch's lyrics about outcasts
Gillian Welch	description	The final track on Gillian Welch's fourth album Soul Journey. The electric guitar and drums represent a new sound for Welch and David Rawlings
Underoath	description	A sample of the song \
Underoath	description	A sample of their song \
The Raven	description	An excerpt from \
Team America: World Police	description	Main theme of the 2004 film Team America: World Police.
The Twelve Kingdoms	description	Sample of Kunihiko Ryo's \
Hungarian Dances	description	--12-02
Hungarian Dances	description	Nos. 5 and 6 performed by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra conducted by Simon Schindler
Damageplan	description	30.0
Hide	description	from the album Hide Your Face
Hide	description	from the album Psyence
Hide	description	from the album Ja, Zoo
With Teeth	description	\
Chinese rock	description	An aggressive rock and western-influenced drum and bass song by Cui Jian that is quite different compared to gangtai style music
Chinese rock	description	A country style Chinese rock song by Tian Zhen
Bruce R. McConkie	description	Text written by Bruce R. McConkie in 1972 with music written by John Longhurst in 1985. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2007.
Criticism of Holocaust denial	description	An excerpt of this speech where Himmler discusses the on-going extermination of the Jews.
Morning Mood	description	Performed by the Czech National Symphony Orchestra
Gloria in excelsis Deo	description	Gloria VIII
Irving Caesar	description	Al Jolson's hit 1920 recording of George Gershwin and Irving Caesar's 1919 \
The Last Five Years	description	The duet between Jamie and Cathy in \
This Is the Sea	description	The album version of \
Clarinet Concerto	description	Performed by Markus Krumpöck on clarinet with Willibald Zwittkovits conducting the Merkur Orchester Wiener Neustadt
Clarinet Concerto	description	Performed by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra conducted by Simon Schindler with clarinetist Bruce Edwards
Clarinet Concerto	description	Performed by the University of Washington  Symphony conducted by Abraham Kaplan with William McColl
Size Matters	description	30.0
Claudia Muzio	description	from Puccini's 1896 opera La bohème
Claudia Muzio	description	from Bellini's 1831 opera Norma
The Uplift Mofo Party Plan	description	\
By the Way	description	Sample of \
By the Way	description	Sample of \
Rare Earth	description	Released in 1970 as a single from Get Ready.
Flat-six engine	description	Porsche 911R at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009. 2-litre flat-6 engine producing 210PS
Flat-six engine	description	Modern 3.4-litre flat-6
Lucius D. Clay	description	--06-26
Lucius D. Clay	description	Audio-only version
DADGAD	description	Instrumental folk song in DADGAD guitar tuning by The Fitzcarraldos
1MC	description	A call to general quarters aboard a United States Navy vessel.
Ferrari F430	description	Ferrari Scuderia Spider 16M at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Tim O'Brien	description	Sample of \
Time Out of Mind	description	\
Time Out of Mind	description	\
Time Out of Mind	description	\
Einhänder	description	23
War	description	28.0
Feeling This	description	The song's chorus, featuring notable use of a cowbell, as well as a section where co-vocalist Tom DeLonge intentionally sings off-key.
Cello sonata	description	--11-04
Cello sonata	description	Franz Schubert's Arpeggione Sonata – 1. Allegro Moderato, performed in a transcription for cello and piano by Hans Goldstein  and Clinton Adams
Piano sonata	description	Performed by Johannes V. Schmidt
Piano sonata	description	Performed by Daniel Veesey. From Musopen.com.
Valeriya Novodvorskaya	description	--07-19
Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon	description	James Taylor's \
Douglas squirrel	description	Alarm call of the Douglas squirrel
Wipers	description	600.0
Resident Evil 2	description	An 11-second sample of the composition \
Fitzwilliam Virginal Book	description	From the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book. Performed by Ulrich Metzner on a harpsichord of the type used in the early 20th century
Ground loop	description	Ground loop at 50 Hz captured with audio equipment.
Frou Frou	description	The chorus to \
Misirlou	description	Dick Dale's \
Vladimir Posner	description	recorded December 2013
Julius Fučík	description	Entry of the Gladiators
Julius Fučík	description	The Florentiner March, played by the U.S. Navy Band
Pink Moon	description	BBC Radio 2 documentary from 2004 with John Wood about the two nights of recording Pink Moon.
Leonid Roshal	description	recorded November 2012
Crex	description	Male corn crake advertising call
Space Hulk	description	The monastic briefings received polar reviews on their effects to the game's atmosphere; these vocals are produced over PC speakers.
Hugh Padgham	description	\
The Primitives	description	An excerpt from \
Homework	description	\
Homework	description	LP version of \
Kings Have Long Arms	description	featuring Philip Oakey
CATH database	description	Protein Structure Classification
Road to Ruin	description	\
Sapper Tab	description	Official U.S. Army video about the Sapper Tab
Chinese Democracy	description	Sample of \
The Frames	description	from the 2004 album \
Destiny Fulfilled	description	A 24-second sample of the album's lead single \
Lard	description	\
The Canadian Grenadier Guards	description	\
Beat	description	King Crimson regrouped with a radical change of approach that showed influences of new wave and African music
Swing Low, Sweet Chariot	description	Performed by the Fisk Jubilee Singers
Greatest Hits: My Prerogative	description	A 30-second sample of \
Discovery	description	\
Drone	description	An adaptation of \
Above	description	A sample of \
Augie March	description	Augie March's first hit, \
Augie March	description	\
Augie March	description	The chorus of \
Charles A. Zimmermann	description	1929
Charles A. Zimmermann	description	An instrumental sample of a single verse of Anchors Aweigh played by a brass band.
James Reese Europe	description	All Of No Man's Land Is Ours, written by Europe and Noble Sissle; recorded in 1919 with vocals by Sissle.
Ashokan Farewell	description	24
Curved Air	description	18.0
Chill Out	description	Ethnic Tuvan throat singing underscored by ethereal synthesiser sounds.
Chill Out	description	Graham Lee's pedal steel accompanies Elvis Presley's \
Chill Out	description	The distinctive strings of The KLF's original \
Bridal Chorus	description	Historical performance; courtesy of Musopen
Bridal Chorus	description	On organ
The Now Show	description	An excerpt from the podcast version of the show, satirising Wikipedia for its use as a cheating tool by GCSE students - 565KB
How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb	description	U2's \
How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb	description	\
Aerosmith	description	Sample of \
Thespis	description	Recording of \
Texas blues	description	Goree Carter's \
Madvillainy	description	A sample of \
Bob Marley and the Wailers	description	A sample of the band's 1964 single \
The Skye Boat Song	description	An adaptation for bagpipes played by the Clan Stewart Pipe Band.
Juanes	description	Early Juanes work in the Heavy/Thrast metal band Ekhymosis: \
Juanes	description	The lead single from Un día normal.
Juanes	description	The lead single from Mi sangre.
Baa, Baa, Black Sheep	description	Tune for Baa, Baa, Blacksheep
Sparks	description	20
Sparks	description	14
Sparks	description	15
Sparks	description	23
Sparks	description	24
Watermark	description	The opening of \
Music box	description	Polyphon metal disk
3×3 Eyes	description	Sample of Kaoru Wada's \
Double Concerto	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Fife and drum corps	description	A fife and drum rendition of \
C-pop	description	1940.0
Life on Mars	description	One of the cover versions of \
Extreme Noise Terror	description	The thrash metal version of \
Fanfare for the Common Man	description	sample from Fanfare for the Common Man performed by the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra, Michael Tilson Thomas
War Eagle	description	First two lines and last two lines
Train	description	\
Train	description	\
Train	description	\
Roger Scruton	description	--08-11
Lagoona	description	Composed with FastTracker 2.
Nanase Aikawa	description	35.0
Nanase Aikawa	description	30.0
Eric Benét	description	CeCe Peniston sings lead vocals on this song written by Jeff Lorber and Benet. It was released on Lorber's album West Side Stories in 1994.
List of compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart	description	Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra
List of compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart	description	Sinfonia Concertante for Violin, Viola and Orchestra
List of compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart	description	Quintet for Piano and Winds
Wolf tone	description	A wolf tone on a cello
Love. Angel. Music. Baby.	description	The album's lead single is an electropop song about Stefani's fears on a solo career.
Love. Angel. Music. Baby.	description	The album's best-selling single, a dance-pop song with a cheerleading motif.
Love. Angel. Music. Baby.	description	\
Petra	description	\
Petra	description	This track, third on the album, helped make On Fire! a hit. It reached No. 1 on the Christian rock radio charts and was part of what critics deemed \
Material Girl	description	A sample of Madonna's \
Milo Goes to College	description	Bassist Tony Lombardo's use of eighth note chord progressions, played in runs, provides a foundation for the melody of the songs on the album. He and guitarist Frank Navetta played all down strokes rather than alternate picking, to give the songs a more aggressive sound.
Milo Goes to College	description	The songs on Milo Goes to College blended the speed of hardcore punk with melody and elements of pop music.
20th-century music	description	Barbara Allen (song) is a traditional folk ballad.
20th-century music	description	The Hall Brothers' \
20th-century music	description	song by Patti Smith, an example of early punk rock.
Polythene	description	\
Pat Hare	description	\
Pat Hare	description	A sample of James Cotton's \
Echo Park	description	\
Ruslan Aushev	description	recorded April 2013
Ricardo Arjona	description	A sample of \
Ricardo Arjona	description	A sample of \
Old Folks at Home	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
The Chariot	description	The eighth track from Wars and Rumors of Wars, \
Pleasant Dreams	description	Despite the claims stating that \
The Stranger	description	Billy Joel's \
Earthsuit	description	Earthsuit's music was an amalgam of different styles; in \
Earthsuit	description	This song was intended to be included on Kaleidoscope Superior. This sample showcases the band's use of vocal effects over a funky bass line before heading into a rock chorus.
Sunshine pop	description	The 5th Dimension's \
Barcarolle	description	Performed by Adam Cuerden
Stankonia	description	The song \
Minute by Minute	description	The Doobie Brothers' \
Welcome to Sky Valley	description	Audio sample of Supa Scoopa and Mighty Scoop
MC Frontalot	description	A short sample of \
Project 25	description	NIST-produced two-way radio audio. Sequence segments  original audio,  recovered analog FM with noisy signal,  recovered digital audio. — 199 KB
Gilberto	description	Astrud Gilberto, along with João Gilberto and Stan Getz's \
Speed 2: Cruise Control	description	The film score features reggae music to serve as a love theme and complement the film's Caribbean vacation setting. The eight steel drummers heard in the music were double-tracked to increase the sound of the percussion.
Paramaecium	description	Sample of \
Honkyoku	description	A honkyoku piece recorded by Araki Kodō III
The Blue Nile	description	Title track of the band's debut album
The Blue Nile	description	The band's first single on Linn Records
The Blue Nile	description	Title track of the band's third album
The Blue Nile	description	The band's 1991 single
Jehan Alain	description	118.0
So	description	1960.0
Four Freedoms Award	description	--01-06
Come as You Are	description	Cobain uses a chorus pedal when playing his guitar, creating a \
Heart-Shaped Box	description	\
In Bloom	description	\
Cherry Poppin' Daddies	description	Sample of \
Cherry Poppin' Daddies	description	Released during ska music's commercial resurgence, Kids on the Streets heavy ska punk influence helped make it the Daddies' then-most successful independent album.
Cherry Poppin' Daddies	description	Though never intended as a single, \
Cherry Poppin' Daddies	description	Samples of five songs from Rapid City Muscle Car, illustrating the eclectic mix of genres typical of most Daddies albums, here showcasing ska punk, funk rock, country, hard rock and big band swing.
Rapid City Muscle Car	description	Clips of five songs from Rapid City Muscle Car highlighting the eclectic nature of the album.
Louis Fleury	description	Claude Debussy's Syrinx, which was dedicated to Fleury. Performed by Sarah Bassingthwaite
Legião Urbana	description	from the self-titled album Legião Urbana. Recorded in 1985.
Legião Urbana	description	from the album As Quatro Estações. Recorded in 1989.
Legião Urbana	description	from the album V. Recorded in 1991.
Legião Urbana	description	from the album O Descobrimento do Brasil. Recorded in 1993.
The Firebird	description	The \
Redemption Song	description	The Chieftains and Ziggy Marley
Phrases from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	description	An excerpt from Douglas Adams' The Burkiss Way sketch, \
National Technical University of Athens	description	The NTUA choir performing the folk greek song \
Zoot Suit Riot	description	Sample of \
Parables for Wooden Ears	description	25.0
Concierto de Aranjuez	description	Performance in 2012 by Luis Manuel Molina and the Chamber Orchestra \
Michael	description	An excerpt of the secret message from \
Electromagnetic interference	description	A GSM mobile phone signal interferes with a speaker system.
Electromagnetic interference	description	A Wi-Fi signal interferes with a speaker system.
Medical Subject Headings	description	Medical Subject Headings
Danny Chan	description	A slow to medium tempo soundtrack by Danny Chan for the 1984 HK film \
Josef Wagner	description	\
The Unforgettable Fire	description	From the album The Unforgettable Fire.
Leave Home	description	The song \
It's a Long Way to Tipperary	description	\
Reveille	description	Reveille played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Piano Sonata No. 7	description	performed November 2008
...But Seriously	description	Collins' last of seven American number one songs, \
Zaireeka	description	29.0
It Came Upon the Midnight Clear	description	Instrumental of the tune \
Fat	description	The EP featured short, fast, aggressive songs in a hardcore punk style, with lyrics describing food and fishing. \
I Don't Want to Grow Up	description	1980.0
Hark! The Herald Angels Sing	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus
Enjoy!	description	480.0
Enjoy!	description	The band members recorded their own farts for \
All	description	Bill Stevenson awoke one morning with the chorus of \
All	description	\
Polka Party!	description	\
Polka Party!	description	\
Kenneth J. Alford	description	In 1914, Rickets composed \
William Poole	description	372.0
The Ruts	description	An excerpt from Babylon's Burning
Warriors of the Wasteland	description	An excerpt from Warriors
Darren Johnson	description	recorded February 2013
Polonaise-Fantaisie	description	Performed by Giorgi Latso
Anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic	description	Recording by the United States Navy Band
Anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic	description	1970.0
Anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic	description	Recorded By Soviet Army
Anton Reicha	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Anton Reicha	description	Performed by Felix Skowronek  and Marshall Winslow
Anton Reicha	description	Performed by Arthur Grossman  and Neil O'Doan
Whitechocolatespaceegg	description	\
Ivy Queen	description	15.0
Ivy Queen	description	18.0
Piano Concerto No. 2	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen.
Piano Concerto No. 2	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
I'm Breathless	description	20.0
I'm Breathless	description	Released as the lead single from the album, \
Rings Around the World	description	\
Rings Around the World	description	Short clip from \
Pauline Pantsdown	description	23.0
Der Erlkönig	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Dance of the Hours	description	Violinist João Pedro Cunha, Lagos/Portugal, 2005
Migratory locust	description	21.0
Barwick Green	description	A piece of Barwick Green as used in The Archers
Télépopmusik	description	Breathe by Télépopmusik from Genetic World Album.
The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County	description	846.0
Ghost story	description	A narrative ghost story.
I Heard It Through the Grapevine	description	Marvin Gaye's version of the song
I Heard It Through the Grapevine	description	Gladys Knight and the Pips 1967 version of the song
London Calling	description	30
Jailhouse Rock	description	Elvis Presley's \
I Got You	description	James Brown's \
The End of the Innocence	description	From The End of the Innocence.  It was written and performed by Henley along with Bruce Hornsby.
Inside Job	description	This sample includes a portion of the chorus.
Ciara	description	\
Ciara	description	The album's third single makes uses of a heavy bassline, showcasing Ciara's trademark breathy vocals.
One in a Million	description	A sample of \
Aaliyah	description	A dense arrangement of digital strings, synthetic bass, and lissome rhythms backed Aaliyah's promise to be \
Joseph Mohr	description	Choral version by United States Army Chorus
Lost and Found	description	30.0
Mina	description	Sample from \
Mina	description	Sample from \
Mina	description	--11-16
Mina	description	Sample from \
McCartney	description	A 25-second sample of the song
Eugen d'Albert	description	Transcribed for piano by Eugen d'Albert, performed by Martha Goldstein
Pradal serey	description	Traditional Khmer music that is played before a pradal serey match
The Black Mages	description	Short sample of \
The Black Mages	description	Short sample of \
Fenix TX	description	30
Today	description	20.0
Robertsbridge Codex	description	From the Robertsbridge Codex, performed by Ulrich Metzner
George W. Bush's first term as President of the United States	description	--09-11
Willie Johnson	description	Howlin' Wolf's \
Michael Sembello	description	A sample of \
Lullabies to Paralyze	description	Little sister audio sample
In Search of Space	description	30.0
Muixeranga	description	Performed by Xavier Richart
Chorale prelude	description	One of the Neumeister Chorales by Johann Sebastian Bach, performed by Ulrich Metzner
Chorale prelude	description	Performed by Matthias Flierl
Durga Puja	description	47.0
Durga Puja	description	51.0
Indian cuckoo	description	Call of Indian cuckoo recorded at Nagerhole, April 2006
Indian cuckoo	description	Call recorded in the Central Himalayas, May 2008
Earth–Moon–Earth communication	description	A single sideband contact between IZ1BPN in Italy and PI9CAM at the Dwingeloo Radio Observatory.  IZ1BPN's transmission is shifted up in pitch slightly to compensate for PI9CAM's transmission being Doppler Shifted down.  At the end of IZ1BPN's transmission you can hear the echo of his signal returning from the Moon, again pitched down by Doppler Shift.
Technotronic	description	An excerpt from Technotronic's \
Blind Willie Johnson	description	Traditional blues song recorded in 1928 by Johnson and his first wife
The Ballot or the Bullet	description	45.0
Rabindra Sangeet	description	\
Madonna	description	30.0
You Can Dance	description	20.0
Erotica	description	Released as the lead single from the album, \
Ray of Light	description	A slow tempo dance track featuring Madonna's voice over layers of string arrangements and synthesizers.
Checkers speech	description	--09-23
American Life	description	A sample of the song's chorus, backed by an acoustic guitar, with Madonna singing \
American Life	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, featuring Madonna singing about the lifestyle of Hollywood over a folk rock background.
Porsche 917	description	917.0
Enoch Sontonga	description	Enoch Sontonga and Reverend ML de Villiers's music to the \
Supernatural	description	Sample from \
Supernatural	description	sample of \
Stand!	description	The title track and album opener features gospel overtones.
Stand!	description	The high tempo song is a pulsating dedication to music.
Stand!	description	The group's first #1 Pop hit mocks the futility of hatred amongst people.
Bajaj Pulsar	description	The engine sound of a Pulsar 180 while running
Let's Get It On	description	\
Let's Get It On	description	\
Act on National Flag and Anthem	description	A recording of the anthem from 1930
No Doubt	description	A sample from the only single released from the album.
Headline News	description	\
First Sessions	description	Norah Jones's \
Yoshiki	description	A music composition from Eternal Melody.
Yoshiki	description	Composed in honor of the tenth anniversary of Emperor Akihito's enthronement.
Yoshiki	description	A song by Yoshiki's musical project Violet UK.
Sugizo	description	A 30-second sample of \
Sugizo	description	A 30-second sample of \
Sugizo	description	A 30-second sample of \
Voix céleste	description	Sound of \
What'd I Say	description	The left-handed riffs of \
What'd I Say	description	The call and responses between Charles, the Raelettes, and the orchestra that caused it to be banned from radio stations, but also propelled it to much wider audiences.
Bat detector	description	Common Pipistrelle call heard on a heterodyne bat detector - 68 KB. This is a typical echolocation call with \
Bat detector	description	Frequency modulated call followed by a constant frequency call as heard on a heterodyne bat detector - 190 Kb
Bat detector	description	Soprano Pipistrelle call recorded on a heterodyne bat detector set to near the end frequency - 190 Kb
Low-frequency oscillation	description	A low-frequency oscillator modulating volume to create a tremolo effect.
Low-frequency oscillation	description	A high-rate low-frequency oscillator modulating cutoff frequency to create a ripple effect.
Low-frequency oscillation	description	A low-frequency oscillator modulating cutoff frequency to create a wobble bass effect.
Norway Debate	description	--05-10
Hail, Columbia	description	\
Shades of Deep Purple	description	\
Baten Kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean	description	One of Baten Kaitos's boss music tracks.
Pump	description	Sample of \
Chacma baboon	description	A dominant male baboon calls to his pride
Three Blind Mice	description	Tune for \
Three Blind Mice	description	\
Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel	description	Performed by soprano Elisabeth Schumann, 1934
Michael Madhusudan Dutt	description	A 33-second sample recitation of poetry Samadhi
Monster Movie	description	Sound sample of the opening track of the album.
Above & Beyond	description	Sample of Above & Beyond's video remix of Madonna's What It Feels Like For A Girl.
Tomahawk	description	30.0
Western gull	description	Western gull calls, recorded at the Golden Gate National Recreation Area
Nu, pogodi!	description	Soundtrack \
Années de pèlerinage	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
The Divine Comedy	description	20.0
Breathless	description	Sample from Kenny G's \
Breathless	description	Sample from Kenny G's \
Japanese pitch accent	description	Recording of a native speaker demonstrating the differences in words caused by normative  pitch accents in Japanese.
Miroirs	description	Performed in 2014 by Olena Havyuk-Sheremet
Ma mère l'Oye	description	Piano duet performed in 1992 by le Duo Campion/Vachon
Ricki-Lee Coulter	description	40.0
Bassoon Concerto	description	1
Bassoon Concerto	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Bassoon Concerto	description	2
Bassoon Concerto	description	3
Like a Rolling Stone	description	--06-15
Like a Rolling Stone	description	Jimi Hendrix's cover of \
Mariah Carey	description	A sample of the song, featuring the yearning lyrics and tempo Carey incorporated with Walden.
Mariah Carey	description	A sample of the song, featuring the vocal flip Carey described as a highlight during the album's recording.
Just Whitney	description	The lead single \
Just Whitney	description	\
My Love Is Your Love	description	A 27-second sample of Whitney Houston's \
Tommy	description	Elton John's \
My Kind of Christmas	description	A 25-second sample of \
Mi Reflejo	description	18.0
Heroes and Villains	description	An excerpt of various outtakes used for an alternate edit of \
Grime music	description	Sample of Flowdan freestyling on Shangooli by Scratchy from an early Roll Deep crew pirate radio set on Rinse FM . This sample features an instrumental from the eskibeat subgenre as well as demonstrating the emceeing culture present in grime.
The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society	description	A sample of the song \
Spiceworld	description	A 20-second sample of the song, featuring the group singing the last part of the chorus, followed by a spoken bridge, in which they mention different dance styles, with a backing track that have influences of Latin rhythms such as salsa and samba.
Spiceworld	description	A 26-second sample of the song, featuring the group during the second chorus. Bunton sings the high part; Brown, Beckham and Halliwell the lower and middle parts, while Chisholm adds the ad-libs
Spice	description	The album's lead single is a dance-pop song about union and solidarity between friends.
Spice	description	The album's second single, is a mix of pop and R&B, that describes how the girls have been there for each other.
Guitar Slim	description	Guitar Slim's \
Heavier Things	description	The album's third single, \
Destroyer	description	\
Destroyer	description	This song, with its call-and-response verses and anthemic chorus, is typical of the hard rock songs on Destroyer.
Bösendorfer	description	Performed by Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka on a Bösendorfer 280.
Glen Hansard	description	from the 1995 album \
Glen Hansard	description	from the 2004 album \
Joseph Szigeti	description	The young Szigeti. Recorded 1908.
Joseph Szigeti	description	With Hamilton Harty conducting the Halle Orchestra. Recorded 1928.
Joseph Szigeti	description	Excerpt from Szigeti's arrangement of Béla Bartók's Hungarian Folk Songs. With Béla Bartók, piano. Recorded 1930.
Kansas	description	Kansas used counterpoint, sudden metrical and stylistic shifts, multi-part compositions, and mystical lyrics much like the British prog bands, but they had more hard rock elements and used violin in an American fiddling style.
Saviour Machine	description	Sample of \
O Tannenbaum	description	Bilingual performance of the first verse by the U.S. Army Band Chorus
The Singles 1992–2003	description	The band's cover of the Talk Talk song \
Michael Giacchino	description	Sample of brass fall-off from the first season finale of Lost
Michael Giacchino	description	Sample of Mission: Impossible theme in Mission: Impossible III
Michael Giacchino	description	Sample of suspense music in Medal of Honor: Allied Assault
Let's Stay Together	description	Al Green's \
CeCe Peniston	description	Peniston performing a back-up vocal on the Overweight Pooch's record
CeCe Peniston	description	12.0
CeCe Peniston	description	Silk's Filter Dub by Steve \
CeCe Peniston	description	--04-25
When Johnny Comes Marching Home	description	A June 1898 recording of a United States patriotic song, made during the Spanish–American War.
Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria	description	Live recording
Rosen aus dem Süden	description	Courtesy of Musopen
The Unraveling	description	\
The Unraveling	description	\
A Life for the Tsar	description	Music of Kremlin chimes is played at 3 and 9 o'clock AM and PM. Chimes play melody of the chorus \
Sadko	description	1929
Clarence White	description	An excerpt from a 1967 live recording of Nashville West performing their self-titled signature song.  Written by Clarence White and Gene Parsons, the song \
Clarence White	description	An excerpt from an outtake version of the song \
Breakaway	description	One of the album's highlights, the pop rock sound of \
Sufjan Stevens	description	The introduction of \
Jaguar D-Type	description	Jaguar D-Type Long Nose at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Agrippina	description	Sung by Alyssa Veteto.
The Gypsy Baron	description	Performed in 1991 by the U.S. Marine Band
Kaiser-Walzer	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Künstlerleben	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Antestor	description	29
Antestor	description	Sample of \
Antestor	description	27
Violin Sonata No. 9	description	All the above performed by Paul Rosenthal and Edward Auer
Violin Sonata No. 9	description	Performed by John Michel.
The College Dropout	description	\
The College Dropout	description	\
Frozen	description	A 30-second sample of \
Just Be Free	description	A sample of the song \
Garryowen	description	Performed by the US Army Band Strings
Can't Get You Out of My Head	description	A 21-second sample of \
Patrick Cowley	description	An excerpt from Do You Wanna Funk
Ashanti	description	A sample of \
Loser	description	A 23-second sample of \
Arthur	description	\
Arthur	description	\
Italo disco	description	31.0
Danny Boy	description	A piano arrangement of the tune Londonderry Air.
Danny Boy	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Navtex	description	The text \
Rebetiko	description	\
Rebetiko	description	\
Hairdresser	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski gets a touch of hair spray from hair stylist Mitch Stone for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Editors	description	\
Bleed Like Me	description	Sample of lead single \
Aircraft emergency frequency	description	Transmission of a distress beacon on 121.5 MHz and 243 MHz
Étude in D-sharp minor, Op. 8, No. 12	description	Awadagin Pratt performs Alexander Scriabin's Étude Op. 8, No. 12 at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
Étude in D-sharp minor, Op. 8, No. 12	description	played by Domenico Stigliani
Jawbreaker	description	The last song recorded before Schwarzenbach's throat surgery, \
Stranger in Town	description	Bob Seger's \
Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell	description	An extract from the duet part, performed by Lorraine Crosby, in which she suggests things that he can do.
Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell	description	The final part from the duet, in which Meat Loaf declares what he won't do.
SoundFont	description	75.0
Dave Niehaus	description	The winning call of the 1995 American League Division Series as called by Dave Niehaus, one of his most famous calls.
Corrido	description	Performed by Sean Buss & Elisa
Impeachment of Bill Clinton	description	Bill Clinton making a presentation that ends with a short commentary on the Monica Lewinsky scandal. The presentation is known for the quote \
Impeachment of Bill Clinton	description	audio only version
Symphony No. 38	description	Performed by the Tsumugi Orchestra conducted by Takashi Inoue
Up, Up and Away	description	The 5th Dimension's \
Alan Tam	description	1980.0
Danse macabre	description	Computer generated recording .
Totentanz	description	Performed by Neal O'Doan with orchestra
If-by-whiskey	description	The 1952 speech by Mississippi state Rep.  Noah S. “Soggy” Sweat, Jr., reprised by Mississippi state Rep. Ed Perry on 100th anniversary of opening of the Mississippi state Capitol, as broadcast on public radio.
Koxbox	description	\
Shekere	description	Basic groove on shekere
Brownian noise	description	10.0
Duga radar	description	--11-02
Fantaisie-Impromptu	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano
Good Riddance	description	30.0
Wiener Blut	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Frühlingsstimmen	description	Piano version played by Alfred Grünfeld
Mikhail Prokhorov	description	recorded September 2013
Total Eclipse of the Heart	description	A sample of \
String Quartet No. 14	description	Yorkside Quartet  recorded in performance at Yale University, 2008. View the performance at YouTube
Significant Other	description	The refrain of \
Significant Other	description	While Limp Bizkit generally opposed solos, they allowed drummer John Otto to perform an extended drum solo in the song \
Three Dollar Bill, Y'all	description	\
Three Dollar Bill, Y'all	description	This breakdown from the song \
Crimson Tide	description	listen to a clip from the score of the 1995 film Crimson Tide.
Pinch harmonic	description	Pinch harmonic example on the 3rd fret of the G string, made on an Ibanez Prestige played through a distortion pedal and played with vibrato
Endtroducing.....	description	The downtempo track \
Eydie Gormé	description	Performed in 1957
Eydie Gormé	description	performed by Gormé in 1972
Pod	description	Sample of \
Necro	description	An example of Necro's blend of hip hop and metal.
Joseph Kobzon	description	Sample \
Music of Final Fantasy X	description	Short mix of \
Music of Final Fantasy X	description	Sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy X	description	Short sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy X	description	Short sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy X	description	Short sample of \
Billy Talent	description	A sample of \
Billy Talent	description	A sample of \
The Velvet Rope	description	\
The Velvet Rope	description	Jackson confronts domestic violence over a hard rock instrumental, stating \
The Velvet Rope	description	\
Siúil A Rún	description	A sample of the Irish chorus, as performed by Japanese singer Kokia on Fairy Dance: Kokia Meets Ireland .
Audi R8	description	Audi R8 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Giovanni Bassano	description	Live performance - Dodecantus Vocal Ensemble - 2008
Here Come the Warm Jets	description	\
Dorival Caymmi	description	Chorus of \
Dorival Caymmi	description	Caymmi sings a duet with his daughter, Nana, in \
Crooner	description	Bing Crosby demonstrates how to croon in this 1933 recording
2 Become 1	description	1.0
Anggun	description	One of Anggun's biggest Indonesian hits in the early 1990s. \
Anggun	description	Anggun's worldwide debut hit in 1998. \
Hart Racing Engines	description	Beatrice Lola-Hart THL 1 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Appalachian Spring	description	Sample of the opening movement in Copland's ballet
Citizen Cope	description	28.0
Étude Op. 10, No. 12	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 2985KB
Romeo and Juliet	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra, courtesy of Musopen
Dunun	description	Three dunun, played upright by a single player without bells
Come into My World	description	24.0
Ruffles and flourishes	description	Four \
Too Much	description	A 26-second sample of the song, featuring the group during the second chorus. Bunton sings the high part; Brown, Beckham and Halliwell the lower and middle parts, while Chisholm adds the ad-libs.
Vibrato systems for guitar	description	Dive bomb effect, a typical deep bend using whammy bar; followed by string noise.
Vibrato systems for guitar	description	Clear bend sound using Bigsby Vibrato Tailpiece.
Vibrato systems for guitar	description	Brief sample of vibrato.
Vibrato systems for guitar	description	Example of effects with the tremolo arm on some chords.
Love at First Sight	description	21.0
Piano Concerto No. 1	description	performed November 2009
Piano Concerto No. 1	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Wedding music	description	The Bridal Chorus from Richard Wagner's opera Lohengrin
Harmonium	description	Opening poem of Harmonium collection
Yuzo Koshiro	description	\
Yuzo Koshiro	description	A sample of the chiptune \
Stripped	description	14.0
A Whiter Shade of Pale	description	1920
A Whiter Shade of Pale	description	Arranged for violin and piano, featuring Carrie Rehkopf
A Whiter Shade of Pale	description	Performed by the MIT Chamber Chorus
Eat Static	description	An excerpt from Eat Static
Eat Static	description	An excerpt from Mondo A Go-Go! on Crash and Burn!
Breaking Benjamin	description	Sample of the EP version of \
Breaking Benjamin	description	Sample of the remixed version of \
Breaking Benjamin	description	\
Luther Wright and the Wrongs	description	The first thirty seconds of \
The Teardrop Explodes	description	An excerpt from \
Judicial Procedures Reform Bill of 1937	description	President Roosevelt explains to the public in a Fireside Chat why he is seeking to reorganise the US Judiciary.
German Instrument of Surrender	description	--05-08
Alfredo Le Pera	description	Carlos Gardel and Alfredo Le Pera's classic 1935 tango, Por una cabeza.
Johann Jakob Froberger	description	Performed on a clavichord by Joan Benson
Johann Jakob Froberger	description	Performed on an Italian harpsichord by Martha Goldstein
Un-Break My Heart	description	A 27-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Braxton singing about a heartbreak over a R&B background.
I Miss You	description	The song is acoustic, and features an upright bass, a cello, and a brushstroked drum loop.
Cait O'Riordan	description	Sample of Caitlín O'Riordan singing \
Appropriation	description	Polka
Appropriation	description	Sample of The Beatles' \
Appropriation	description	Sample of The Beatles' \
Hey Jealousy	description	The chiming guitars and dour lyrics of \
Geoff Tate	description	Sample of \
Chatur Lal	description	Raga Multani, an afternoon raga, performed by Abdul Wahid Khan in 1947 and accompanied by Lal on tabla and Ram Narayan on tambura
Music of Hong Kong	description	1980.0
Music of Hong Kong	description	A huangmei opera song by veteran artist Ivy Ling Po partnering with Jenny Tseng
Fightstar	description	Sample of \
Fightstar	description	Sample of \
Fightstar	description	Part II of the title track from Grand Unification contains narration from Larry Smarr, in which the song is based upon the Evangelion story about the end of the world.
Fightstar	description	Sample of \
Dudu Pukwana	description	An audio sample of \
Walter Kittredge	description	Kittredge's \
Huron Carol	description	Tune for Huron Carol
Tony Lombardo	description	An example of Lombardo's bass playing, from Milo Goes to College
Don't Look Now	description	Sample from \
Six moments musicaux	description	Performed by Debbie Hu
Won't Get Fooled Again	description	The closing section of \
Tom DeLonge	description	Sample of \
Lisa Fischer	description	Lisa Fischer performing \
Papa Was a Rollin' Stone	description	Released in 1972 as a single from Law of the Land
The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson	description	Sample of the musical \
Get Ready	description	Released in 1970 as a single from Get Ready.
Alex Klein	description	Composed by Thomas Attwood Walmisley, performed by Alex Klein, oboe and Lisa Bergman, piano
Alex Klein	description	Gran Concerto on themes from Verdi's I Vespri Siciliani, composed by Antonio Pasculli, performed by Alex Klein, oboe and Lisa Bergman, piano
Silent Alarm	description	The syncopated forward rhythm and staccato guitar style in \
The End of All Things to Come	description	30.0
L.D. 50	description	30.0
Alla Pugacheva	description	Sample from \
New Zealand bellbird	description	Several New Zealand bellbirds singing on Tiritiri Matangi Island
Mephisto Waltzes	description	Performed by Kristian Cvetković
All Summer Long	description	Excerpt of the album's title track.
Yellow	description	Sample of \
Have a Cigar	description	\
Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean	description	Performed by the United States Navy Band
The Scientist	description	From the album A Rush of Blood to the Head. This sample includes a portion of chorus, as well as an allusion to the title.
In My Place	description	\
God Put a Smile upon Your Face	description	Sample of \
Zhou Xuan	description	1940.0
Vilhelm Krag	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Revolution 9	description	The claimed backmasked section of Revolution 9.
Revolution 9	description	The same section, reversed, which was claimed to sound like \
Don't Panic	description	Sample of \
Berovo	description	Excerpt from speech by a man from Berovo in the native Maleševo-Pirin dialect
Southern lapwing	description	Recorded by Eurico Zimbres
Hot in Herre	description	sample of \
Louis Marchand	description	Performed in 2010, duration is 1:40
The Emancipation of Mimi	description	This clip features the hand claps and whistles used throughout the song. It illustrates the strong bassline, aligned with piano and string notes. Dupri's ad-libs are heard toward the end of the sample, followed by Scoop's closing verse.
The Emancipation of Mimi	description	A sample of the final chorus of \
The Gap Band	description	The Gap Band's breakthrough single, \
Piano Concerto No. 21	description	Piano performance in 1937 by Arthur Schnabel with the London Symphony Orchestra conducted by Malcolm Sargent
Piano Concerto No. 21	description	Performed by Giorgi Latsabidze, piano; David L. Wen, conductor; Hsinchu Chamber Orchestra, Taiwan
Mother 3	description	10.0
Damita Jo	description	Jackson portrays alternate persona \
All for You	description	Jackson incorporates orchestral and symphonic music with hard rock in \
All for You	description	Jackson longs for sexual intercourse and orgasm in \
The King's Own Calgary Regiment	description	\
Symphony No. 8	description	First movement performed by Fulda Symphonic Orchestra recording in 2000.
Symphony No. 8	description	Second movement performed by Fulda Symphonic Orchestra recording in 2000.
Gymnopédies	description	Performed by Robin Alciatore. Courtesy of Musopen
Mark Hollis	description	Excerpt from \
Valdres	description	Played by the United States Marine Band
Cuts Like a Knife	description	This was Adams's first hit single.
Lyric Pieces	description	Recorded 1906
Lyric Pieces	description	Recorded 1903
Pixinguinha	description	Choro \
Pixinguinha	description	0.0
Pixinguinha	description	Choro Sofres porque queres, recorded in 1919 by Pixinguinha on the flute
Pixinguinha	description	Choro  \
Pixinguinha	description	Choro \
Greenwich Pier	description	The sound of the gangway that connects the pier to the riverbank, moving with the tide. Recorded January 2012.
Guano Apes	description	Sample from their first single
Tokay gecko	description	Mating call of a male Tokay gecko
Ave Maria	description	Mezzo-soprano Dorothea Fayne, Uwe Streibel
Shishi-odoshi	description	Sound of a sōzu. Recorded at Shisen-dō, Kyoto, Japan
Sonata in B minor	description	Performed by Kristian Cvetković
Diabolus in Musica	description	\
Syrinx	description	Performed by Sarah Bassingthwaite
Guerrilla	description	Album opener \
Guerrilla	description	\
Guerrilla	description	Reviewers have called \
Alla breve	description	Rhythm in  followed by the same rhythm notated in .
Coventry Carol	description	The Coventry Carol, performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus.
Castlevania	description	Katayama's studio-recorded violin solo is one highlight of the primarily MIDI soundtrack.
Motograter	description	30.0
Huapango	description	Huapango performed by conjunto norteño
Huapango	description	Huapango performed by mariachi band
Venu	description	Carnatic 8-hole flute pitch E
Linnéa Handberg Lund	description	Dancemania series have strongly featured Papaya.
Frank Black	description	A sample of Los Angeles.
Just My Imagination	description	Album version of \
Delays	description	Nearer Than Heaven by Delays, from their album Faded Seaside Glamour.
Subterranean Jungle	description	The music featured on Subterranean Jungle was an attempt to return to the band's origins. \
Rattus Norvegicus	description	An excerpt from  Grip
Safeway Goya	description	Audio sample from the live album The Nobodys: No Guarantees
Un Canadien errant	description	Tune for Un Canadien errant
Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music	description	The song is about unrequited love and has a string-laden production.
Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music	description	The love song contains horn arrangements and elements of West Coast jazz.
Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music	description	The best-selling hit single became one of Charles's most critically acclaimed and well-known recordings.
String Quartet No. 9	description	All of the above performed in 1933 by the Busch Quartet
Pink Flag	description	Sample of \
Pronunciation of English ⟨a⟩	description	An example of the  split
Franz Abt	description	When the Swallows Homeward Fly by Franz Abt
Under the Bridge	description	Sample of \
Under the Bridge	description	--06-25
The Walkmen	description	2000.0
	description	A sample of \
Death from Above 1979	description	Sample of \
Death from Above 1979	description	Sample of \
Genius Loves Company	description	Ray Charles and Norah Jones' \
Scott Hayden	description	Scott Joplin and Scott Hayden penned the \
Tom Turpin	description	Tom Turpin's 1904 composition \
It's Time	description	A sample of the song \
Sigfrid Karg-Elert	description	Performed by Felix Skowronek, flute and Anita Cummings, piano
Schwanengesang	description	Performed by Kammerchor Nikolasseee, Berlin
Große Fuge	description	by the Merel Quartet at Tonhalle Zürich, 3 July 2013: Mary Ellen Woodside and Julia Schröder, violin; Ylvali Zilliacus, viola; Rafael Rosenfeld, cello
Große Fuge	description	--12-16
Zez Confrey	description	Zez Confrey's first hit, \
Ice racing	description	Ice racing stock cars in Wisconsin, USA — 2.3 MB
John Liptrot Hatton	description	Performed by Atelier vocal des Herbiers
Baby Got Back	description	Sir Mix-a-Lot's \
Demon Days	description	The band's most successful single, Feel Good Inc. talks about depression, loneliness and escapism.
Aino Ackté	description	Aria from the opera Faust.
No Depression	description	A sample from the fifth track on No Depression, \
Arapaho music	description	--07-05
Roland MC-202	description	Small looped example using the built-in sequencer, filter and controls; no additional effects.
Roland MC-202	description	Simple song arrangement using Roland's MC-202 for the filter hookline, SH-101 for the bass and TR-808 for drums; no additional effects.
Kinky boots	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski blows party horn wearing thigh-high kinky boots for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
T.I.	description	T.I.'s second single from his sixth studio album Paper Trail.
Metro General Anaya	description	At Metro General Anaya station.
Carrie Underwood	description	Underwood delivering a strong vocal performance
Carrie Underwood	description	Underwood displaying a softer timbre to her vocal, demonstrating a more heartfelt and compelling side of her voice
Tantum Ergo	description	The Latin text of Tantum Ergo sung to its traditional melody, which is a mode I Gregorian chant.
Floater	description	\
Floater	description	\
Floater	description	\
Bugle call	description	Retreat played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Bugle call	description	Taps as played on the bugle by the United States Army Band
Bugle call	description	Tattoo played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Bugle call	description	To the Colors played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Bush Doctor	description	Bush Doctor audio sample
Manic Monday	description	An 18-second sample of \
Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'	description	A twenty-three second sample from Jackson's \
Liebesträume	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Érard piano
Californication	description	\
Californication	description	\
Gangubai Hangal	description	1935
Stop	description	A 22-second sample of the song, featuring the group singing the first chorus. Followed by the first part of the second verse, which consist on the repeated use of the word do, with a backing track that is reminiscent of classic Motown's blue-eyed soul singles.
Anvil Chorus	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Guitar chord	description	One octave played up and down in the c major scale on the piano
Narottama Dasa	description	A Bengali bhajan  composed by Narottama Dasa. Music and singing by A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami .
Internationalist	description	An 18-second sample from \
Internationalist	description	20.0
All 'n All	description	Earth, Wind & Fire's \
Yolanda Adams	description	Yolanda Adams performs \
Yolanda Adams	description	audio only file
The Sunday Game	description	From The Sunday Game
Parlour music	description	Sung by Elizabeth Spencer in 1911
Ragtime progression	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano
Victor Adebowale, Baron Adebowale	description	--10-30
Carrie Jacobs-Bond	description	Sung by Elsie Baker, 1912
Carrie Jacobs-Bond	description	1911
Carrie Jacobs-Bond	description	Instrumental-only rendition by the McKee Trio, 1915
Can't Take That Away	description	A 27-second sample of the song's chorus, featuring Carey's personal message left in the lyrics, including the melody composed with Warren.
Younger Than Yesterday	description	An excerpt from the Chris Hillman composition \
Younger Than Yesterday	description	An excerpt from \
Younger Than Yesterday	description	A sample of the David Crosby-penned \
Blackbird	description	Performed on a lautenwerck by Martha Goldstein
Speed of Sound	description	The music of \
Cherub Rock	description	Sample of \
Make Believe	description	\
Teenager of the Year	description	A sample of Freedom_Rock
The Roast Beef of Old England	description	\
Koda Kumi	description	The first A-side that represents the element of sadness.
Koda Kumi	description	The second A-side that represents the element of happiness.
Mordent	description	A passage first played with lower mordents, then played without.
Tonight, Tonight	description	This is a 25-second sample from The Smashing Pumpkins' \
Goodbye	description	A sample of the song. This is the first song without Halliwell's vocals.
Boris Nemtsov	description	recorded March 2013
Cello Concerto	description	Performed by John Michel
Cello Concerto	description	Performed by Hans Goldstein with the Milwaukee Youth Orchestra
Spit	description	Michael Tedder of The Pitch wrote that \
Spit	description	The Washington Post wrote that musically, Kittie's song \
Castle thunder	description	An older variation of the sound effect, followed by the more recent version
In Your Honor	description	A sample of \
In Your Honor	description	A sample of \
The Town I Loved So Well	description	MIDI recording
Swedish phonology	description	sil, 'sieve'
Swedish phonology	description	sill, 'herring'
Swedish phonology	description	hel, 'whole'
Swedish phonology	description	hetta, 'heat'
Swedish phonology	description	häl, 'heel'
Swedish phonology	description	häll, 'flat rock'
Swedish phonology	description	mat, 'food'
Swedish phonology	description	matt, 'listless; matte'
Swedish phonology	description	mål, 'goal'
Swedish phonology	description	moll, 'minor '
Swedish phonology	description	bot, 'penance'
Swedish phonology	description	bott, 'lived'
Swedish phonology	description	ful, 'ugly'
Swedish phonology	description	full, 'full'
Swedish phonology	description	syl, 'awl'
Swedish phonology	description	syll, 'sleeper '
Swedish phonology	description	nöt, 'nut'
Swedish phonology	description	nött, 'worn'
Swedish phonology	description	pol, 'pole'
Swedish phonology	description	bok, 'book'
Swedish phonology	description	tok, 'fool'
Swedish phonology	description	dop, 'christening'
Swedish phonology	description	kon, 'cone'
Swedish phonology	description	god, 'good'
Swedish phonology	description	fot, 'foot'
Swedish phonology	description	våt, 'wet'
Swedish phonology	description	sot, 'soot'
Swedish phonology	description	sjok, 'chunk'
Swedish phonology	description	kjol, 'skirt'
Swedish phonology	description	jord, 'earth'
Swedish phonology	description	hot, 'threat'
Swedish phonology	description	mod
Swedish phonology	description	nod
Swedish phonology	description	lång
Swedish phonology	description	rov,
Swedish phonology	description	lov,
Swedish phonology	description	A Central Swedish realization of the difference between acute and grave accents
Swedish phonology	description	Traditional fable
Inspector Sands	description	Announcement used at Euston railway station
Journey into Imagination with Figment	description	Clip of the song as heard on the original attraction
Album of the Year	description	30.0
Money for Nothing	description	30.0
Rocky Road to Dublin	description	Instrumental theme of the song played by violin.
Rocky Road to Dublin	description	The song performed by Christoph Nolte.
Goodies	description	\
Headgirl	description	This 1981 cover song was a collaboration between Girlschool and Motörhead and the most successful for both bands at the time
Udo Lindenberg	description	An excerpt from the 1984 single: \
Mykola Leontovych	description	30.0
I'll Be There	description	The Jackson 5's \
I'll Be There	description	Mariah Carey's version of The Jackson 5's \
Filles de Kilimanjaro	description	Exemplifying Davis's musical transition at the time, the recording incorporates electric bass and piano, while the improvisations focus on a single tonal center.
Daisy Bell	description	Sung by Edward M. Favor. Recorded by the Edison Phonograph Company on brown wax cylinder in 1894
Giant Steps	description	From Giant Steps
Claude Le Jeune	description	The chorus and beginning of the verse, an example of musique mesurée.
Dreamgirls	description	Recorded by Jennifer Holliday, from Dreamgirls Cast Album
Jim Jones	description	This song was among the most popular of 2006.
Cantabile	description	--11-04
Cantabile	description	Audio only version
Alonso Mudarra	description	A work composed by Mudarra around 1546, and performed in 2008.  The duration is 1:13.
The Trial	description	The album culminates with Pink's internal trial, leading to the collapse of his 'wall'
Symphony No. 7	description	Simon Rattle with the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra performs the first few bars in a calm, measured manner as suggested by the Adagio marking in this studio recording from 1985.
Symphony No. 7	description	In a live concert from 1965, Evgeny Mravinsky takes the opposite approach with the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra, beginning the symphony with tension and drama at a much faster tempo.
Symphony No. 7	description	Osmo Vänskä ends the symphony in his 1998 studio recording with the Lahti Symphony Orchestra by following Sibelius's instructions in the score exactly.
Symphony No. 7	description	Eugene Ormandy decided to boost the violin melody with a trumpet in this 1962 studio recording with the Philadelphia Orchestra. Ormandy also adds a crescendo and a fermata to the final chord, something many conductors do in an attempt to make Sibelius's stark ending sound more conventional.
Eazy-Duz-It	description	The album's title track is a heavily produced song from the album.
Since U Been Gone	description	\
CJSW-FM	description	Prof. Peter Schickele
UniProt	description	UniProt is the Universal Protein resource, a central repository of protein data created by combining the Swiss-Prot, TrEMBL and PIR-PSD databases.
Consonance and dissonance	description	This file illustrates the roughness and beat oscillations that gradually reduce as the interval moves towards the unison.
Kernkraft 400	description	\
Fat Freddy's Drop	description	The first single of Based on a True Story demonstrates the band's reggae and soul influences.
Gaohu	description	Sample of \
Ruthie Morris	description	The chorus of \
Ruthie Morris	description	\
Magnapop	description	The chorus of \
O Superman	description	The song \
Howard Goodall	description	recorded September 2013
Nancy Cartwright	description	--07-02
Wicked	description	The first 15 bars of the overture; note the identical chord progression to \
Harold Faltermeyer	description	An excerpt from Axel F
Piano Man	description	A sample of Billy Joel's \
Behind These Hazel Eyes	description	The 19-second chorus of \
Breakaway	description	\
Let the Sunshine In	description	A chorus from the Original Broadway Cast
Let the Sunshine In	description	The last verse of \
Miss Independent	description	A 23-second sample of \
I Want You	description	The explicitly sexual song contains background moans.
I Want You	description	The closing track is a quiet storm ballad with downtempo grooves and synthesizer work.
What Have You Done for Me Lately	description	22
Rhythm Nation	description	Jackson speaks of racial harmony and gender equality.
Black Cat	description	\
If	description	A 30-second sample of \
Childhood	description	Excerpt of the single \
Childhood	description	Excerpt of the beginning of \
That's the Way Love Goes	description	Jackson transitions to sensual territory and a new style with the single, boasting elements of pop, downtempo, soul, hip hop, and funk.
All for You	description	Jackson returns to a lighter, more upbeat sound in contrast to prior album The Velvet Rope.
Doesn't Really Matter	description	Janet sings of unconditional love and disregarding physical appearance in the upbeat dance-pop single.
Together Again	description	Backed by dance and house beats, \
Impromptus	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Impromptus	description	Performed by Bernd Krüger
Impromptus	description	Performed live by Mark Gasser
Impromptus	description	Performed by Kimiko Ishizaka
ABC	description	The Jackson 5's \
Abide with Me	description	An organ performance of \
Break the Ice	description	This clip features the electro chorus accompanied by synthesizers. After the chorus, the bridge begins with Spears saying \
Arpeggio	description	A series of arpeggios in J.S. Bach's Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring.
Arpeggio	description	An arpeggiated chord
Arpeggio	description	A synthesized flute-like instrument and a harp playing various chords in arpeggio, joined later by strings playing the same notes simultaneously.
American Life	description	A 29-second sample of the song's chorus, where Madonna can be heard questioning \
Beautiful	description	A 23-second sample of \
As Slow as Possible	description	--01-05
A Little Bit	description	A sample of \
Arular	description	21
Loving You	description	Elvis Presley's \
Big Fun	description	The recording has a strong groove and was titled by Davis as an exhortation to his guitar player John McLaughlin.
Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik	description	The opening song discusses street-hustling and incorporates guitar.
Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik	description	The single has lyrics depicting a \
ATLiens	description	The echo-laden track illustrates OutKast's rise to fame and exemplifies the album's sparse, atmospheric production with organ riffs, dub bass, and telephone tones.
ATLiens	description	The album's closing track is a meditation on aging that contains Prince-like piano and soulful vocals from singer Debra Killings.
I'm a Believer	description	16.0
Outrageous	description	21.0
Empty Spaces	description	Found by reversing the audio
I'm a Slave 4 U	description	A sample of the song's chorus backed with breathy and moaning vocals.
Killing Me Softly with His Song	description	Roberta Flack's \
Killing Me Softly with His Song	description	The Fugees' \
Waiting for Tonight	description	A twenty-five-second sample of \
Fijación Oral, Vol. 1	description	Sample of Shakira's \
Arctic Monkeys	description	This is a recording of an early unreleased track, \
Arctic Monkeys	description	Sample from \
Just a Friend	description	Biz Markie's \
Bloop	description	Bloop at 16x the original speed, from the NOAA website.
Frère Jacques	description	Tune for Frère Jacques
Weight	description	30.0
Junior Parker	description	\
The Unquestionable Truth	description	IGN reviewer Spence D., noting the sinister sound of The Unquestionable Truth , described the album's leading track \
Siti Nurhaliza	description	Siti Nurhaliza's single that managed to win the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu.
Siti Nurhaliza	description	One of her songs that is rarely performed live and also one of the songs that is said to be the most technical in Pancawarna album
Siti Nurhaliza	description	Her live rendition which received appraisals from both critics and fans.
Siti Nurhaliza	description	Siti released this single as a response for the reporters who relentlessly investigating her personal life.
Stridor	description	Inspiratory and expiratory stridor in a 13-month child with croup.
Music of Chrono Trigger	description	Sample of \
Music of Chrono Trigger	description	Sample of \
The Bodyguard	description	A sample of Whitney Houston's cover of Dolly Parton's \
Killinaskully	description	From Killinaskully
Moritz Moszkowski	description	Neil O'Doan, with Nico Snel conducting the Seattle Philharmonic
Boulevard of Broken Dreams	description	Green Day's \
POCSAG	description	Example of Pocsag transmission in 1200 bits per second.  This file may have problems; see Talk:POCSAG#Example file.
Les Concerts en Chine	description	An excerpt from Arpegiator, highlighting the use of the Fairlight CMI
Taxiride	description	The chorus of \
Hava Nagila	description	Instrumental performance of Hava Nagila
Don't Phunk with My Heart	description	Asha Bhosle's \
Alien	description	\
The Korgis	description	1979
The Korgis	description	1980
The Korgis	description	1982
Midnight Love	description	Marvin Gaye's \
Thatchergate	description	Reagan: \
BC Lietuvos rytas	description	De facto BC Lietuvos rytas club anthem
Pease Porridge Hot	description	Tune for Pease Porridge Hot
BGM	description	\
BGM	description	\
Hair spray	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski gets a touch of hair spray from hair stylist Mitch Stone for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Bad	description	A 25-second sample of Jackson's \
Caught Up	description	The song was produced by Dre & Vidal, who also wrote the song.
Crybaby	description	A 30-second sample of the song, featuring the chorus and Carey singing of her insomnia.
Dune	description	As the ending track for Dancemania 2
Rosemary & Thyme	description	273.0
Michel Blavet	description	Performed by Albert Tipton  and Mary Norris
Michel Blavet	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Thank God I Found You	description	A 25-second sample of \
Through the Rain	description	A sample of \
Forever	description	A 24-second sample from Mariah Carey's \
Heartbreaker	description	A 28-second sample of the song, featuring Carey singing the chorus over the soft background.
Derek Trucks	description	Sample of \
Thirty Seconds to Mars	description	\
Thirty Seconds to Mars	description	90.0
Thirty Seconds to Mars	description	From the album This Is War, \
Thirty Seconds to Mars	description	\
Boy	description	30.0
Ballad of Easy Rider	description	An excerpt from The Byrds' recording of \
Never Too Far	description	A 26-second sample of \
Loverboy	description	A sample of \
Loverboy	description	A sample of \
Dayna Manning	description	Excerpt of Manning's first single, \
Dayna Manning	description	Excerpt of \
Dayna Manning	description	Excerpt of \
Simple Gifts	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Fife and Drum Corps
Hero Medley	description	A sample of \
Too Drunk to Fuck	description	An excerpt from Too Drunk to Fuck
Bugatti Type 51	description	Bugatti Type 51 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Sherali Jo‘rayev	description	Sample of \
Edmund Sears	description	Instrumental - Piano, Violin, and English Horn
What You Waiting For%3F	description	Stefani changes her pitch to portray a dialogue between the two personalities in the lyrics.
Rich Girl	description	A 24-second sample of \
Hollaback Girl	description	Stefani sings in a chant during the chorus for \
Galang	description	21
When You Believe	description	A 30-second sample of the song, featuring the gospel-inspired background vocals and last bridge.
0 A.D.	description	Main theme of 0 A.D.
I Will Always Love You	description	18.0
Mama's Pearl	description	Demo version of the song.
Mama's Pearl	description	Final version of the song
Third Album	description	The Jackson 5's \
The Roof	description	A sample of the last chorus and final bridge, featuring the song's strong vocal moments.
Breakdown	description	A sample of the last chorus, featuring the song's strong vocal moments backed by synth drums.
End of the Road	description	\
End of the Road	description	Spanish language version from the same album
Farewell of Slavianka	description	Vasily Agapkin's \
The Final Countdown	description	excerpt from The Final Countdown .
Love It to Death	description	\
Love It to Death	description	\
That's the Way of the World	description	Earth, Wind & Fire's \
Butterfly	description	A sample of the chorus, featuring lyrics that are addressed to Mottola, with a paired vocal harmony.
All I Want for Christmas Is You	description	A sample of the song's chorus and various computerized programming, instruments and background vocals. Combined with Carey's voice, the sample illustrates the song's hearkening and inspiration drawn from previous decades as well as what music critics attribute its success to.
Late Registration	description	22
Battle of the Heroes	description	21.0
Anytime You Need a Friend	description	A 25-second snippet from the song's final chorus, featuring the gospel-influenced choir, as well as Carey's use of her upper and whistle registers.
Make It Happen	description	A 30-second sample of \
If It's Over	description	1960.0
Alice Guszalewicz	description	The Komm' o Hoffnung aria from Ludwig van Beethoven's Fidelio, performed by Alice Guszalewicz
Several Species of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together in a Cave and Grooving with a Pict	description	The bulk of the song consists of a variety of tape loops stuck together in different speeds and directions.
Goodies	description	\
Goodies	description	The album's third single makes uses of a heavy bassline, showcasing Ciara's trademark breathy vocals.
Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon	description	A 30-second sample of the game's lyrical main theme.
Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon	description	A 30-second sample of the final theme from the festival temple dungeon shows how the soundtrack unites modern and traditional forms.
Vision of Love	description	A 23-second sample from \
Demo	description	A tracker music file with goa trance-like features composed with FastTracker 2 for the Text Mode Demo Contest 3 invitation demo.
Number 1's	description	A 30-second sample of the song, featuring the gospel-inspired background vocals and last bridge.
Venus as a Boy	description	The chorus of the song, where Indian Strings can be heard.
List of compositions by Henry Purcell	description	Contemporary arrangement
Big Time Sensuality	description	Björk sings the chorus on a base of pop beats.
Big Time Sensuality	description	The chorus of the song on the more House-oriented Remix.
Félicien David	description	This opera performance circa 1905 includes singing by Ruth Vincent with flute obligato by Albert Fransella.
Dreamlover	description	A 23-second sample from \
My All	description	A sample from the song's first bridge, featuring guitar arpeggios and drum beats. It also incorporates an intricate melodic phrasing.
Streets of Rage 3	description	\
Streets of Rage 3	description	\
Hero	description	A 25-second sample of \
Le Mans Prototype	description	Lola-Aston Martin LMP1 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Fantasy	description	A sample of \
One Sweet Day	description	A sample of \
Always Be My Baby	description	A 26-second sample of the song, featuring background vocals described as \
Spice Up Your Life	description	A 17-second sample of \
Spice Up Your Life	description	A 20-second sample of the song, featuring the group singing the last part of the chorus, followed by a spoken bridge, in which they mention different dance styles, with a backing track that have influences of Latin rhythms such as salsa and samba.
Arthur Collins	description	\
Collins & Harlan	description	Oldest known recording of Jazz, on an Edison Blue Amberol cylinder in 1916
Mr. Tambourine Man	description	An excerpt from the Gene Clark penned \
Johann Baptist Wanhal	description	Porticodoro / SmartCGArt Media Productions - Classical Orchestra.
Johann Baptist Wanhal	description	Porticodoro / SmartCGArt Media Productions - Flute and Bassoon.
Honey	description	The song that led Carey into a hip-hop and R&B influence, and became her twelfth number-one chart topper on the Hot 100.
William Clayton	description	Text written by William Clayton in 1846. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2008.
The Notorious Byrd Brothers	description	An excerpt from \
The Notorious Byrd Brothers	description	An excerpt from \
The Notorious Byrd Brothers	description	The musical backing of \
Le Freak	description	Chic's \
Polovtsian Dances	description	Performed in 1913 at the Berlin State Opera by the Staatskapelle Berlin.
Polovtsian Dances	description	Some Polovtsian Dances performed by Daniel Bautista .
Michael Deeley	description	--12-14
Act of Depression	description	Excerpt of the song \
Parsons code	description	Tune for Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
Ombra mai fu	description	Performed by Enrico Caruso in 1920
Godbluff	description	An audio sample of \
Arthur Pryor	description	Arthur Pryor's \
Fix You	description	The music of \
Pavane pour une infante défunte	description	Performed by Thérèse Dussaut, 1976
Ryūteki	description	A traditional ryuteki music piece  played by flutist Ron Korb
Ryūteki	description	An original ryuteki piece  composed and performed by flutist Ron Korb
Mandopop	description	1940.0
Mandopop	description	1960.0
Mandopop	description	1970.0
Mandopop	description	A modern mandopop song by Jolin Tsai
The Lost Tapes	description	The song was produced by The Alchemist and recorded in the sessions for Nas' 2001 album Stillmatic.
Burn	description	\
Phaser	description	A short, unprocessed string sample, followed by a few different phasing effects on the same sample
Asturias	description	Performed on a guitar by Gordon Rowland.
I Left My Heart in San Francisco	description	Tony Bennett's \
Live! at the Star-Club in Hamburg, Germany; 1962	description	Sample of the Star-Club performance of \
Live! at the Star-Club in Hamburg, Germany; 1962	description	Sample of the \
San Jose, Nueva Ecija	description	The composers of this hymn are the late Vic Austria,Sr-music and Jose Caballero-lyrics
Emotions	description	A sample from the song's chorus. It features Carey's lower registers an husky vocals, as well as its minimal production.
Emotions	description	A sample of the song's bridge. It features Carey's upper registers as well as the song's gospel influence.
Emotions	description	A sample from the song's final chorus, featuring Carey's usage of the whistle register.
Cocktails for Two	description	16
Back to Bedlam	description	James Blunt's \
Tutu	description	\
Lincoln Portrait	description	23.0
Patter song	description	George Baker sings the Major-General's Song with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, conducted by Malcolm Sargent
Tenacious D	description	Kielbasa
Tenacious D	description	Double Team
Let Love Lead the Way	description	A sample of the song.
Hey Joe	description	Sample of Cher's recording of \
Loveppears	description	Loveppears was characterized by dance tracks such as the million-selling \
Duty	description	A 30-seconds sample of \
May There Always Be Sunshine	description	Russian Version of The Song
May There Always Be Sunshine	description	English Version of The Song
May There Always Be Sunshine	description	English Version Sung by Pete Seeger
Eläkeläiset	description	A cover of the 1988 Pet Shop Boys hit \
Prelude in C-sharp minor	description	Played by Rachmaninoff himself for Edison Records in 1919
Say Somethin'	description	A sample of the song's chorus, featuring its racy lyrics, as well as the odd musical arrangement and drum pattern.
BRENDA	description	molecular and biochemical information on enzymes that have been classified by the IUBMB
West End Girls	description	30.0
Three Concert Études	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano
Leo Slezak	description	Leo Slezak's 1913 Edison Records recording of \
Leo Slezak	description	Leo Slezak's 1910 Edison Records recording of Walther's Prize Song from Richard Wagner's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg.
Oh! Susanna	description	Stephen Foster's \
Johann Gottfried Walther	description	Concerto in B flat major after Giulio Taglietti - 1st mvt. Adagio. Played by Tibor Pinter. Recorded on the Silbermann organ sample set  Rotha, Germany
Johann Gottfried Walther	description	Concerto in B flat major after Giulio Taglietti - 2nd mvt. Allegro. Played by Tibor Pinter. Recorded on the Silbermann organ sample set  Rotha, Germany
Johann Gottfried Walther	description	Concerto in B flat major after Giulio Taglietti - 3rd mvt. Adagio. Played by Tibor Pinter. Recorded on the Silbermann organ sample set  Rotha, Germany
Johann Gottfried Walther	description	Played by Tibor Pinter. Recorded on the Silbermann organ sample set  Rotha, Germany
Johann Gottfried Walther	description	Chorale prelude for organ, performed on the Rieger organ of the Münster Dinkelsbühl by Ulrich Metzner
Shake It Off	description	A sample of \
La bohème	description	From Act II. Sung by Enrico Caruso.
Manon Lescaut	description	From act 1, sung by Enrico Caruso in 1913
Mama	description	A 30-second sample of \
Lawn mower racing	description	Lawn mowers racing on GSR Kartway dirt oval — 1.01 MB
Daniel Powter	description	\
The Blind Boys of Alabama	description	--02-09
Genesis 1:1	description	Genesis 1 verses 1-5 sung in Hebrew as a cantillation
War	description	Sample of the song
Gianni Schicchi	description	\
Let Me Try	description	A 26-seconds sample of \
The Merry Wives of Windsor	description	Performed in 1993 by the U.S. Marine Band
Martha	description	sung by Adelina Patti in 1906
Martha	description	sung by Enrico Caruso in 1910
	description	Example of an American speaker without the Mary-marry-merry merger
The Fairest of the Fair	description	John Philip Sousa wrote \
Treak Cliff Cavern	description	rainwater filters into the cavern and is collected for drinking.
John Roberts	description	--01-20
John Roberts	description	--01-21
Sometimes	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings over a teen pop background with bubblegum pop influences.
...Baby One More Time	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus, features Spears singing \
	description	A 20-second sample of the R&B oriented chorus.
Born to Make You Happy	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings \
From the Bottom of My Broken Heart	description	26.0
Bhaktivinoda Thakur	description	A Bengali bhajan from Bhaktivinoda Thakur's Gitavali.
Patriots of Micronesia	description	The music of \
We Care a Lot	description	30.0
2600 hertz	description	A tone of 2600 Hz
Oops!... I Did It Again	description	A 22-second sample of \
Life of Agony	description	30.0
Lucky	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Spears singing about a lonely pop star.
Ronald Stevenson	description	Performed live by Mark Gasser
Stronger	description	20.0
Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know	description	20.0
Piano Concerto No. 2	description	Nico Snel conducts the Seattle Philharmonic
Luisa Miller	description	Played in 1993 by the United States Marine Band
Doctor Who theme music	description	An excerpt from Delia Derbyshire's original arrangement of the theme music to Doctor Who
Giovanna d'Arco	description	Played in 1991 by the U.S. Marine Band
Connected	description	An excerpt from Connected
I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman	description	A sample from the song.
Springwatch	description	6.0
Karen Parry	description	Cover version of Tiny Tot
Overprotected	description	A 19-second sample of the song's chorus, featuring Spears singing over a teen pop and dance-pop background with Europop influences.
Yellow Magic Orchestra	description	A sample of \
Yellow Magic Orchestra	description	A sample of \
Boys	description	A sample of the Co-Ed remix of \
Solid State Survivor	description	\
Solid State Survivor	description	\
Also sprach Zarathustra	description	Opening fanfare
Supernature	description	The use of evening effects is layered over Goldfrapp's vocals throughout this ballad.
Supernature	description	A top-five single in the UK, it was Goldfrapp's first song to feature the electric guitar.
Supernature	description	Goldfrapp have cited this song as their favourite on Supernature.
Technodelic	description	Sample of electro track \
Technodelic	description	\
Naughty Boys	description	Sample of \
Equal Rights	description	Downpressor Man audio sample
Here Comes Your Man	description	This sample contains the end of the first verse and the chorus.
Smells Like Nirvana	description	\
Me Against the Music	description	A 22-second sample of \
Toxic	description	\
Dress You Up	description	20.0
RBD	description	RBD's lead single from their first album Rebelde.
RBD	description	RBD's second major hit single worldwide.
RBD	description	RBD's lead English single.
Mercedes-Benz W125	description	Mercedes-Benz W125 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
SITOR	description	Listen to a sample of a SITOR idler pattern, from the U.S. Coast Guard station NMC . The letterns \
Split tone	description	First a C is played, then a G is held while a double buzz is introduced at the pitch of the first note
Summertime	description	16
Russell Alexander	description	Belford's Carnival , played by the U.S. Navy Band
Ferrari 250 GT SWB Breadvan	description	Ferrari 250 GT SWB Breadvan at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Do Somethin'	description	20.0
My Prerogative	description	29.0
My Prerogative	description	21.0
2001	description	The song exhibits a departure by Dr. Dre from the production style of his previous album, The Chronic .
Autumn Leaves	description	Sample of a recording of \
Élégie	description	Performed by Hans Goldstein  and Eli Kalman
Brian Wilson	description	According to Wilson, \
Brian Wilson	description	Titelman says \
Brian Wilson	description	Wilson affirmed that \
Republic of Loose	description	Sample of \
Charmbracelet	description	A sample of the song's bridge, which makes usage of a live orchestral band. With the chorus speaking of loyalty to an ex-lover through difficult times, Carey's energy increases towards the song's finale, leading to a heightened key.
Charmbracelet	description	A 27-second sample of \
White Riot	description	30
The Transformed Man	description	Includes the final flourish
Illinois	description	\
Illinois	description	The lyrics to \
Merry Christmas	description	The lead single from the album, the song became a holiday classic and has achieved many awards and accolades.
Goemon's Great Adventure	description	Two thirty-second samples, one featured in day and one in night, of Creep Village's music. The instrumentation and arrangement changes to a soft sound in night, and feature crickets chirping, sleepers snoring, and other evening ambience.
Goemon's Great Adventure	description	Two thirty-second samples of the music of the second dungeon, representative of the soundtrack's integration of modern and traditional instruments and musical transition as the player progresses through a dungeon.
Live at Sin-é	description	by Jeff Buckley from Live at Sin-é .
Flywheel, Shyster, and Flywheel	description	25.0
Flywheel, Shyster, and Flywheel	description	Complete audio recording of \
Pause	description	A fifteen-second sample of \
Groove metal	description	The song \
Francesca da Rimini	description	Organ arrangement: Josh Perschbacher
Symphony No. 3	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
You Get What You Give	description	30.0
Still Life	description	An audio sample of \
Oral Fixation, Vol. 2	description	24.0
Oral Fixation, Vol. 2	description	\
Al-Maʿarri	description	The restrictive rhyme and meter can be heard in the start of poem 197
Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain	description	Sample of the Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain playing the main theme of the Film.
Michael McDonald	description	\
Call of the Champions	description	composed by John Williams for the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City
Sylvia	description	Divertissiment – Pizzicato from Sylvia — 3081 KB
National Front	description	Mossadegh explains about democracy and influence of Iranians on their movement toward national oil industry.
The Tale of Tsar Saltan	description	Flight of the Bumblebee performed by US Army Band
The Misunderstood	description	Complete recording of \
Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller	description	From Études Opus 109, performed on an acoustic piano
Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller	description	From Études Opus 109, performed on a digital piano
Play Dead	description	In this part of the song, Björk reaches high notes on a base of lush strings.
Human Behaviour	description	30.0
Negative Creep	description	\
Violently Happy	description	30.0
Special D.	description	25
The Crack	description	An excerpt from Jah War
Streets of Rage 2	description	\
Streets of Rage 2	description	\
Martial law in Poland	description	Jaruzelski declaring martial law
Critical Beatdown	description	The track features Kool Keith's and Ced-Gee's abstract braggadocio and a sound that encompasses a reversed sample of the whistliing saxophone from \
Critical Beatdown	description	The track's stream-of-consciousness lyrics exhibit complex polyrhythms, while its beat has been described by one writer as \
Critical Beatdown	description	Kool Keith's lyrics on the track feature pseudoscientific imagery and metaphors, including allusions to combustion and corrosion.
Polly	description	A sample of the Nevermind version of \
Antony and the Johnsons	description	Sample of Antony & the Johnsons Blue Angel
Heavy as a Really Heavy Thing	description	\
Symphony No. 2	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Partita for Violin No. 2	description	Performed by Ben Goldstein
Partita for Violin No. 2	description	Transcription of the Chaconne by Johannes Brahms for piano with left hand only, performed by Martha Goldstein
MTV Unplugged	description	A sample from the live performance of the song. It was released as a single, without being re-recorded at a studio. The snippet features Carey's second verse, which was originally sung by the young Michael Jackson in 1970.
Goyescas	description	Performed in 1995 by the United States Marine Band
I Believe I Can Fly	description	R. Kelly's \
Peerless Quartet	description	\
The Dancing Master	description	A modern recreation of a musical score found in Playford's The English Dancing Master
The Dancing Master	description	A vihuela playing 'Jamaica' from Playford's 4th edition
Yoshiko Yamaguchi	description	1940.0
Glitter	description	A sample of \
Glitter	description	A sample of \
Lions	description	Chris believed \
Lions	description	25
Tourniquet	description	Sample of \
Tourniquet	description	Sample of \
Tourniquet	description	Sample of \
Symphony No. 1	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
You Are Not Alone	description	Excerpt of the R. Kelly penned second single from HIStory. The excerpt shows the final product, after Jackson co-produced the bare demo.
Exhale	description	A 20-second sample of the song's final chorus features the \
LeToya Luckett	description	LeToya's most successful single to date.
LeToya Luckett	description	LeToya's second single from her self-titled debut album LeToya.
Ensembl	description	Ensembl
Backdoor progression	description	ii-V-I progression with authentic cadence
Confessions Part II	description	The song's lyrics centers on the narrator's confession about impregnating his mistress.
Swazzle	description	Swazzle demonstration.
Never Ever	description	A sample of the song.
Marika Papagika	description	\
Respiratory alkalosis	description	An audio clip recording of a PVC symptom, made with a cardiac event monitor.
Contradictions Collapse	description	\
Pre-echo	description	The empty space before the start of the music on this LP has been amplified +15dB to reveal the pre-echo.
Era	description	22.0
The Legend of Billie Jean	description	Used at the beginning of the Sunrise Mall scene where the teenagers left IOUs for the items they \
The Legend of Billie Jean	description	Underlying track when Binx trying to exchange his \
Lovesong	description	Sample of \
Octet	description	Performance on period instruments by:\n*Violin 1, Monica Hugget \n*Violin 2, Rob Diggins\n*Viola, Vicki Gunn\n*Cello, Sarah Freiberg\n*Bass, Curtis Daily\n*Clarinet, William McColl\n*Horn, R.J. Kelley\n*Bassoon, Charles Kaufmann
Visions of Johanna	description	Describing \
Jimmy Nelson	description	An audio sample of \
Volare	description	Modugno's \
Let's Do It, Let's Fall in Love	description	2011
Remote Control	description	30
A Cruel Angel's Thesis	description	\
Swervedriver	description	Sample of \
Swervedriver	description	Sample of \
Swervedriver	description	Sample of \
Swervedriver	description	Sample of \
Swervedriver	description	Sample of \
Anticipating	description	1970.0
Wonderboy	description	Sample of \
Earth Song	description	Introduction to \
Rebirth	description	A twenty-six second sample of \
Rebirth	description	A twenty-six second sample of \
Celtic music in the United States	description	--07-17
The Very Best of Cher	description	Cher's best selling record was received with positive reviews.
The Very Best of Cher	description	The singer's first #1 in Australia.
Turkish people	description	An example of Turkish classical music.
Chill-out music	description	A full-length sample chill out track.
Yamaha TX81Z	description	The many faces of the TX81Z
Daniel O'Donnell	description	O'Donnell's popular version of the song \
Beat	description	220
On the Banks of the Wabash, Far Away	description	30
On the Banks of the Wabash, Far Away	description	A c. 1902 recording of the song by Paul Dresser, sung by Harry MacDonough, published by Edison Records
On the Banks of the Wabash, Far Away	description	Song by James F. Hanley and Ballard MacDonald, published by Paull-Pioneer Music Corp. Recording performed by the Homestead Trio, published by Edison Records
TVXQ	description	TVXQ performing Bolero live as the encore to their 2009 tour The Secret Code at the Tokyo Dome.
Rufus Harley	description	An audio sample of \
Aston Martin DB3	description	Aston Martin DB3 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Ranelagh Gardens	description	\
Homophony	description	Beginning of Tallis' \
Ojos Así	description	A sample of \
Rihanna	description	\
Rihanna	description	One of Rihanna's signature songs, \
Isobel	description	Over a lush string arrangement, Björk describes how the title character sends a message of instinct through trained moths.
Hunter	description	\
Patricia Morison	description	Fred  and Lili  remember their early days together.
Patricia Morison	description	Lili's joy when she has received flowers from Fred …
Patricia Morison	description	… and her wrath when she learns the flowers were meant for another woman.
They Don't Care About Us	description	The chorus to the hip-hop-inspired fifth\n single from HIStory—\
Long Division	description	This sample of \
Long Division	description	\
Symphony No. 3	description	Sample of opening coda from the 1st movement.
Symphony No. 3	description	Sample from the 2nd movement
Symphony No. 3	description	Sample from the 3rd movement
AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes	description	On the real Apollo 13 mission, Jim Lovell reporting, \
Le Corsaire	description	Music by Cesare Pugni for Petipa’s 1868 revival.
How Will I Know	description	A sample of the song's chorus where Houston sings \
Spinning Around	description	19
Army of Me	description	The chorus of the song, with drums and electronic bass in the background.
Rajat Gupta	description	--07-28
Buttons and Bows	description	--12-05
Lazy Jones	description	\
Seal	description	Seal's \
By Your Side	description	\
By Your Side	description	Dan Aquilante of the New York Post found \
12 Play	description	R. Kelly's \
In Your Eyes	description	19.0
The Boxer	description	A psychedelic pop song, \
Alison Goldfrapp	description	Goldfrapp cited this song as her favourite on Supernature.
ENCODE	description	Whole-genome database
Give It Away	description	\
Michał Kleofas Ogiński	description	Polonaise by Ogiński
Ted Snyder	description	A 1911 composition by Irving Berlin and Ted Snyder. Performed by the Premier Quartette in the same year.
Ted Snyder	description	A 1911 composition by Ted Snyder performed by Arthur Pryor's band in the same year, in an arrangement by William Schulz.
Space music	description	An example of space music
All Through the Night	description	30.0
Commit This to Memory	description	The band's style combines Pierre's dark lyrics with more upbeat music, including prominent use of the Moog synthesizer.
Rat Genome Database	description	The Rat Genome Database
Love Me or Leave Me	description	1928
Jean-Marie Leclair	description	Performed by New Comma Baroque
Gerard Hoffnung	description	Excerpt from The Bricklayer – 266 kb
Just the Way You Are	description	Billy Joel's \
Music of the Final Fantasy VII series	description	Sample of \
Symphony No. 4	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown	description	King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown audio sample
Hard trance	description	An excerpt from Cosmic Gate's \
Peace for our time	description	--09-30
So Jealous	description	14.0
Confessions on a Dance Floor	description	30.0
Music of Final Fantasy VI	description	A short medley of \
Music of Final Fantasy VI	description	Sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy VI	description	Sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy VI	description	Sample of \
GWR 6000 Class	description	Climbing Lickey Bank with help from a Class 37.
Cool	description	A 19-second sample from \
Seattle Youth Symphony Orchestras	description	A complete recording of Camille Saint-Saëns' The Carnival of the Animals  by pianists Neil and Nancy O'Doan and the Seattle Youth Symphony. Conducted by Vilem Sokol.
Royal ballet of Cambodia	description	A song from a scene in the dance drama Krai Thong.
Family Affair	description	The hit single features a programmed rhythm track and electric piano-based instrumentation.
Hallelujah	description	John Cale's selection of Cohen's verses have since been followed by most covers. First recorded by Cale in 1991 for the Cohen tribute album I'm Your Fan. Cale's version is used in the film Shrek.
Hallelujah	description	From the album Grace, released in 1994. In 2007, Sony BMG rereleased the album  with a live music video of the song.
Hallelujah	description	Different in style, Allison Crowe's single-take recording, from Tidings, released in 2003, is among a new generation of interpretations.
Hallelujah	description	Rufus Wainwright recorded a version similar to Cale's, also on piano''.
Apolytikion	description	Original Byzantine chant followed by polyphonic variations
Underneath It All	description	\
Teedra Moses	description	Moses performing I Want You Back by the artist Raphael Saadiq.
Giovanni Picchi	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Dorothy Howell Rodham	description	Video of President Obama discussing the life of Dorothy Rodham.
Dorothy Howell Rodham	description	Audio version
Entrance of the Gladiators	description	\
Academic Festival Overture	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Tragic Overture	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Six Pieces for Piano, Op. 118	description	Performed by Carlos Gardels. Courtesy of Musopen
Rhapsodies, Op. 79	description	Performed by Muriel Nguyen Xuan
Rhapsodies, Op. 79	description	Performed by Peter Bispham
Farther Along	description	1950.0
Byrds	description	An excerpt from the Gene Clark penned song \
Someday	description	A 21-second sample of \
The Beautiful Letdown	description	A sample of \
Hungry Lucy	description	\
Wildhoney	description	30.0
Tannhäuser	description	Played in an arrangement by the U.S. Marine Band for the album Director's Choice
Slow	description	20.0
Odyssey Number Five	description	A 23-second sample from \
Odyssey Number Five	description	A 13-second sample from \
The Book of Taliesyn	description	The cover of Neil Diamond's \
Habanera	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Mains hum	description	5.0
Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53	description	Performed by Kristian Cvetkovic
Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53	description	Performed by Giorgi Latso
Porcupine	description	A sample of the original version of \
Porcupine	description	The re-recorded version of \
Love Profusion	description	20.0
Hollywood	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, featuring Madonna singing about the lifestyle of Hollywood over a folk rock background.
Nothing Fails	description	A sample of the song's chorus, backed by an acoustic guitar, with Madonna singing \
Die Another Day	description	20.0
What It Feels Like for a Girl	description	A sample of \
Webbie	description	Webbie featuring Lil Boosie & Lil Phat of 3 Deep's \
Vittorio Monti	description	Csárdás, performed by The United States Air Force Band
Julia Belle Swain	description	Performed on the steam calliope of the Str. Julia Belle Swain
The Black Page	description	One of Zappa's complex, percussion-based compositions featured on Zappa in New York.
Common coquí	description	Shared by El Cloquido
Nothing Really Matters	description	26.0
Carnyx	description	Recording of a reconstruction of the Deskford carnyx.
The Power of Good-Bye	description	25.0
Eli and the Thirteenth Confession	description	Laura Nyro, Sweet Blindness
Eli and the Thirteenth Confession	description	Laura Nyro, Eli's Comin'
Ray of Light	description	Containing strong techno elements, as well as disco, trance, and Eurodance influences, \
All the Man That I Need	description	A 24-second sample of Whitney Houston's \
Like a Virgin	description	20.0
Piano Concerto No. 1	description	Performed by Aaron Dunn with the Bucharest College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Debaser	description	\
Stupid Girl	description	Sample of \
Ecstasy	description	\
Turkish folk music	description	An example of Istanbul folk music
Turkish folk music	description	An example of Mevlevi music
	description	Sample of \
Cello Sonata	description	Performed by John Michel and others
All Is Full of Love	description	The album version \
All Is Full of Love	description	The same fragment, but of the video track version. It features an \
Crazy in Love	description	A sample of the hook \
Because of You	description	\
Because of You	description	21.0
Baby Boy	description	\
Spotlight	description	20.0
Me, Myself and I	description	A sample of \
Who Is It	description	A seventeen second sample from Jackson's \
Scott Brown	description	29.0
Scott Brown	description	28.0
Details	description	The chorus to \
Lose Yourself	description	The song's chorus consists of two repeated short verses.
Vow	description	Sample of \
Only Happy When It Rains	description	The opening for \
Answer tone	description	Typical 2,100Hz answer tone with phase reversals and amplitude modulation.
The Beavis and Butt-Head Experience	description	The song features guitar strings, different from the original.
The Look of Love	description	21.0
Causing a Commotion	description	20.0
Buck-Tick	description	A 30-second sample of \
Buck-Tick	description	28
Buck-Tick	description	A 27-second sample of 1999's \
Buck-Tick	description	A 25-second sample of \
Buck-Tick	description	A 27-second sample of \
Magnet	description	21
Mr. Bobby	description	23.0
Jesus Christ Is Risen Today	description	Jesus Christ Is Risen Today
The Yellow Rose of Texas	description	\
Lucky Star	description	30.0
Burning Up	description	The chorus of \
Holiday	description	A sample for \
Everybody	description	Madonna singing the chorus of \
Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech	description	A soundie based on \
Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System	description	--08-15
Graduation	description	\
Graduation	description	\
The Water Is Wide	description	Tune for The Water is Wide
Confide in Me	description	A 27-second sample of \
Put Yourself in My Place	description	A sample of Kylie Minogue's single \
Nocturnes	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples.
Cry Me a River	description	A 27-second sample of \
Into the Groove	description	20.0
Crazy for You	description	A 24-second sample of Madonna's \
Angel	description	A 21-second sample of \
Another Suitcase in Another Hall	description	22.0
You Must Love Me	description	17.0
Thomas Hastings	description	organ solo
Anniemal	description	The lead single, a bubblegum pop song in which gum is used as a metaphor for men.
The Skinners' School	description	Composed by Cuthbert H. Cronk.
Wavelength	description	Van Morrison, Wavelength
30 Seconds to Mars	description	\
30 Seconds to Mars	description	\
Hooray for Boobies	description	\
Hung Up	description	A sample from \
Kiss from a Rose	description	Seal's \
Mamata Banerjee	description	--05-20
The Girl Is Mine	description	\
Chris DeGarmo	description	Sample of the power ballad \
Chris DeGarmo	description	Sample of \
Reckless	description	Adams's first number 1 hit single in the U.S.
Nokia tune	description	Nokia tune on piano
Evita	description	17.0
Kingdom song	description	Orchestral Accompaniment, Sing to Jehovah
Kingdom song	description	Vocal Rendition, Sing to Jehovah—New Songs
Dummy head recording	description	A binaural recording. The desired effect can be achieved only with stereo headphones.
Alice Cunningham Fletcher	description	A sample of North American Indian traditional music that was collected by Alice Fletcher
Heart of Glass	description	the \
Moxy	description	\
Moxy	description	\
Moxy	description	\
Moxy	description	\
Moxy	description	\
Eat to the Beat	description	One of the singles released from the album, and a #1 hit in the United Kingdom.
Genie in a Bottle	description	A 22-second sample of \
Regal	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Regal	description	Excerpt from \
Syriac sacral music	description	An Eastern syriac hymn sung by Hanna Petros, 1931.
Bible of Kralice	description	Antonín Dvořák's 1894 setting of selections from Psalms in the Bible of Kralice's translation.
FEMM	description	A 30-seconds sample of \
FEMM	description	A 30-seconds sample of \
The Sound of White	description	20.0
The Sound of White	description	23.0
The Sound of White	description	26.0
The Sound of White	description	29.0
The Princess Louise Fusiliers	description	\
St. Thomas	description	Improvisation from St. Thomas starting immediately after the melody
Fisk Jubilee Singers	description	\
Henry Bishop	description	A synthesized piano transcription
Henry Bishop	description	Performed by Atelier Vocal des Herbiers
Cotton-Eyed Joe	description	A 1939 recording of the folk song
William Tell Overture	description	The United States Marine Corps Band performs a wind octet transcription of the complete William Tell Overture
Mwng	description	\
Mwng	description	\
Passo Fundo	description	from the album \
L'estro Armonico	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Jacques Israelievitch and Roxana Pavel Goldstein
L'estro Armonico	description	Performed on a harpsichord by Gérard Janot
L'estro Armonico	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with David Parry and Roxana Pavel Goldstein
L'estro Armonico	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Dub Side of the Moon	description	Money audio sample
Hex Enduction Hour	description	Sample of \
Hex Enduction Hour	description	Sample of \
R.	description	R. Kelly's \
Red Box	description	Jenny Tsao and Simon Toulson-Clarke on the 1990 Red Box single \
Twelve concerti grossi, Op. 6	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Don't Cha	description	A 30-second sample of the Pussycat Dolls' version of \
Monkey Gone to Heaven	description	This sample contains the end of the second verse, the bridge and chorus.
Rock Swings	description	\
Something Good	description	Sample from the single \
Sweetest Sin	description	18.0
Irresistible	description	A 19-second sample of \
Invisible Circles	description	The combination of classical instruments, operatic voice and heavy metal was a typical feature of After Forever songs.
The Allman Brothers Band	description	\
The Everlasting Gaze	description	\
Lynn Barber	description	Recorded July 2010 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
TP-2.com	description	R. Kelly's \
Love Kraft	description	Short sample from \
Love Kraft	description	Short sample from \
Chocolate	description	Minogue delivers breathy synthesised vocals, evident in this 30-second sample of the chorus, as she compares her romantic infatuation to chocolate.
Red Blooded Woman	description	A vocoded \
Neumeister Collection	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Don't Lie	description	A 21-second sample of \
Piano Sonata No. 27	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Shine On, Harvest Moon	description	1909
Maxwell	description	The song was co-written by Leon Ware and is about a man's affection for a woman.
Sonata for Two Pianos and Percussion	description	This segment of Bartók's Sonata for two pianos and percussion features pedal glissandos during a timpani roll.
Eternal Father, Strong to Save	description	Sung by the US Navy Band Sea Chanters
Such Great Heights	description	18.0
	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus features Spears singing over an electro-funk sound.
Jonathan Coulton	description	The track \
Bushido	description	30.0
K-K-K-Katy	description	Performed by Billy Murray recorded in 1918
I-F	description	I-F's \
Sound recording and reproduction	description	This 1860 phonautogram by Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is the earliest known recording of a person singing.
Sound recording and reproduction	description	Phonograph cylinder recording of Siamese  musicians visiting Berlin, Germany in 1900.
The Wailing Wailers	description	20.0
Transcription	description	A transcription of Tchaikovsky's \
Transcription	description	United States Marine Corps Band performs a brass band transcription of Rossini's complete William Tell Overture
Transcription	description	1926
Yeah!	description	\
Speech transmission index	description	A sample of a STIPA test signal from NTi Audio
The W's	description	Sample from The W's \
Girls Against Boys	description	Sample of \
Girls Against Boys	description	Sample of Girls Against Boys' cover of Joy Division's 1979 song \
What a Girl Wants	description	A 19-second sample of \
Come On Over Baby	description	An 18-second sample of \
Can't Hold Us Down	description	A 20-second sample of \
Fighter	description	A 20-second sample of \
The Voice Within	description	A 30-second sample of \
Tilt Ya Head Back	description	25.0
Reflection	description	A sample of \
Side by Side	description	Performed by Nick Lucas in 1927
Oh du lieber Augustin	description	Harmonised version for brass instruments
The Fountain	description	Modern-day Thomas is briefly washed in golden light before the scene shifts to the space traveler's bubble floating in space. The visual effects of the star Xibalba and its nebula were created using macro photography of fluids.
The Fountain	description	The climax to the song \
Atomic Dog	description	George Clinton's \
Mingus	description	from Mingus by Joni Mitchell, Asylum Records, 1979. Sample from Mingus Asylum Records/Elektra Entertainment Group 1979 via iTunes
Flower Duet	description	M.A.Mihaylova  , N.I.Panina   with orchestra
Seven Nation Army	description	Sample from \
Come Clean	description	The chorus of the song, backed by drums. It also incorporates elements of electronica music.
Did It Again	description	The song contains an aggressive vocal style, with alternative and Eastern musical influences.
Sonatine	description	performed by Irene Posviatovska
The Godfather	description	The famous theme, composed by Larry Kusic and Nino Rota.
Everywhere	description	24.0
Falsas Esperanzas	description	A 16-second sample of \
Youth of America	description	Sample of \
Be	description	From the album Be
Sonnerie de Sainte-Geneviève du Mont de Paris	description	Performed by New Comma Baroque
Sonnerie de Sainte-Geneviève du Mont de Paris	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Stephen Balderston
Get Your Number	description	A 23-second sample of the song; featuring the sampled hook from \
Pon de Replay	description	25.0
Joi	description	Joi's Hit Single From 2002's Star Kitty's Revenge and XXX Soundtrack.
Sugar, We're Goin Down	description	Song sample taken from the album From Under the Cork Tree. It was the band's breakthrough single.
La Tortura	description	The chorus is a back-and-forth dialogue between Shakira and Sanz.
Top Gun	description	A sample of Berlin's \
How You Remind Me	description	Nickelback's \
Patimokkha	description	Buddhist monks Patimokkha pali chanting in the Buddhist church on Uposatha Day, recorded from Wat Khung Taphao, Uttaradit Province, Thailand.
Culture of Papua New Guinea	description	--08-23
Sky's the Limit	description	Album version of \
Reik	description	30.0
You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'	description	The slow start of \
There Is a Light That Never Goes Out	description	Sample of \
Dirty Diana	description	The lyrics to \
U Remind Me	description	A sample of the song, featuring its unusual chord progression
You Make Me Wanna...	description	The song makes heavy use of the acoustic guitar.
Aandhi	description	88.0
Blood on the Dance Floor	description	Excerpt of the single \
The Christmas Song	description	CeCe Peniston recorded the composition for the Merry Arizona II: Desert Stars Shine at Christmas compilation in 1996.
Computer Games	description	George Clinton's \
Butterflies	description	A twenty-six-second sample of \
You Rock My World	description	1970.0
Ai	description	The ballad \
Give Me Your Hand	description	Instrumental version featuring the recorder and viola da gamba, performed by Dancing Willow
Kilimanjaro	description	An excerpt from Reward
One More Chance	description	A 26-second sample of \
Kreisleriana	description	All played by Giorgi Latso
The Fray	description	\
Macarena	description	Los del Río's \
Unfinished Sympathy	description	Featuring vocals from Shara Nelson, the song utilizes a bell rhythm and various vocal and percussion samples.
The Ballad of Jed Clampett	description	Listen to a part of this song.
This Is Me... Then	description	A twenty-five second sample of \
This Is Me... Then	description	A twenty-two second sample of \
This Is Me... Then	description	A 19-second sample consisting of the chorus from the album's lead single \
Symphony No. 1	description	Sample of opening coda from the 1st movement.
Symphony No. 1	description	Sample from the 2nd movement
Symphony No. 1	description	Sample of opening coda from the 3rd movement
Symphony No. 1	description	Sample of opening coda from the 4th movement
Chorus effect	description	The chorus effect comes from an Electro-Harmonix Small Clone.
Chorus effect	description	Chorus, flanger and delay in stereo on electric guitar, produced with the multieffects unit Zoom G3.
Vincent Lübeck	description	Courtesy of Musopen
AMTOR	description	The text \
Appalachian music	description	An example of the type of ethnographic recording collected; played by Virginia fiddler Henry Reed
Live to Tell	description	30.0
All I Have	description	A twenty-six-second sample of \
Maruthas of Martyropolis	description	Chaldean Rite Martyrs prayer - Monday Vespers, attributed to Maruthas.
Song of Innocence	description	\
Porcelain	description	A 24-second sample of the song
Symphony No. 3	description	Symphony No. 3 in A Minor, op. 56; 1st movement: Andante con moto – Allegro un poco agitato
Symphony No. 3	description	Symphony No. 3 in A Minor, op. 56; 2nd movement: Scherzo: Vivace non troppo
Symphony No. 3	description	Symphony No. 3 in A Minor, op. 56; 3rd movement: Adagio
Symphony No. 3	description	Symphony No. 3 in A Minor, op. 56; 4th movement: Allegro vivacissimo – Allegro maestoso assai
Wheeze	description	The sound of wheezing as heard with a stethoscope.
Move Your Body	description	The song's chorus
Homebase	description	DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince's \
Blue	description	A 29-second sample from \
Der Tod und das Mädchen	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
A.M.	description	Sample from \
Dominant seventh sharp ninth chord	description	Dominant 79 chord as arpeggio then simultaneously.
Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud	description	James Brown's \
Fly Like a Bird	description	A sample of the song's climax, featuring Carey's upper vocal registers as well as the inclusion of the gospel choir.
Anglo-American music	description	This is a British tune from the Library of Congress' Florida Folklife from the WPA Collections; performed by Bob Hall, Walter van Bass, Ned Hugh Bass and J. C. King with banjos, guitars and violin in July, 1940 in Kenansville, Florida.
Cater 2 U	description	A 22-second sample from the chorus of \
Big Science	description	from Big Science by Laurie Anderson, Warner Bros. 1982, Nonesuch Records 2007. Sample from Warner Bros. Label 1984 via iTunes
If It's Lovin' that You Want	description	20.0
American popular music	description	Popular minstrel songs, such as this one by Stephen Foster, formed part of the repertoire of camp bands during the Civil War. This performance is by Civil War re-enactors, the 2nd South Carolina String Band.
American popular music	description	This is by Count Basie & His Orchestra, a popular swing song by a jazz legend.
American popular music	description	This is sung by Elvis Presley and is one of the most popular songs of the rockabilly era.
American popular music	description	This is by Jefferson Airplane and is one of the most legendary songs of the psychedelic rock genre.
American popular music	description	Song by Patti Smith, one of the most popular of the punk era.
American popular music	description	This song is by Nirvana, who did more than any other group to bring grunge into the mainstream.
Music of the Sun	description	25.0
Music of the Sun	description	20.0
Emina Jahović	description	A 30-second sample of Emina Jahović's \
Chernobyl disaster	description	Russian language announcement
Shred guitar	description	Dive bomb effect, a typical deep pitch bend using a whammy bar; followed by string noise.
Wake Up	description	A 21-second sample of \
Rickie Lee Jones	description	Rickie Lee Jones, Chuck E's in Love
Eight Miles High	description	An excerpt from the intro of \
Harry Dacre	description	1894
Girl	description	A 21-second sample from the chorus of \
Love Don't Live Here Anymore	description	The 1995 version has a slightly different melody than the 1984 version.
The Holly and the Ivy	description	Tune for The Holly and the Ivy
The Holly and the Ivy	description	Congregational arrangement
J.Lo	description	A twenty-second sample of \
J.Lo	description	A thirty-second sample of \
J.Lo	description	A thirty-second sample of \
Dubstep	description	Excerpt demonstrating the rhythmic tension generated between the drum rhythm and bassline. This song features a very sparse rhythm almost entirely composed of kick drum, snare drum, and a sparse hi-hat, with a distinctly half time implied 71bpm tempo. The track is instead propelled by a sub-bass following a four-to-the-floor 142bpm pattern.
Dubstep	description	Excerpt from \
Raining Blood	description	A sample from \
Gnossiennes	description	--11-16
Luigi Arditi	description	sung by Adelina Patti in 1906
Luigi Arditi	description	recorded by Nellie Melba in 1910
Luigi Arditi	description	recorded by Nellie Melba in 1907
Gold Digger	description	A 21-second sample of \
Ian Prowse	description	Song from Pele
Jean-Baptiste Singelée	description	Performed by Wasei Dúo
Horde	description	Sample of \
Sheila Chandra	description	An excerpt from Monsoon's Ever So Lonely
Broken Barricades	description	Procol Harum was one of the first rock bands to record with a full orchestra
Title TK	description	The music on Title TK, including \
Commemoration of Atatürk, Youth and Sports Day	description	Instrumental
My Immortal	description	A 26-second sample of the chorus of \
Stardust	description	For the song, Nelson won a Grammy Award for best male country performance in 1979
Secret	description	30.0
Baroque pop	description	Writer Matthew Guerriri named \
Štip	description	Excerpt of speech by a woman from Štip speaking in the local Štip – Kočani dialect about the local wedding customs
I Want You	description	\
Endless Love	description	Diana Ross and Lionel Richie \
Endless Love	description	Luther Vandross and Mariah Carey's \
65daysofstatic	description	Radio Protector from One Time for All Time
EastEnders theme tune	description	The beginning of the EastEnders theme tune.
EastEnders theme tune	description	\
Dixie	description	1916
Dixie	description	Civil War soldiers favored both war versions of the song and the original lyrics, as heard here. This performance is by Civil War re-enactors, the 2nd South Carolina String Band.
Auto-Tune	description	2010.0
Auto-Tune	description	\
Open Your Heart	description	25.0
True Blue	description	26.0
Old Dan Tucker	description	Instrumental introduction as performed in 19th-century style by the 2nd South Carolina String Band.
Old Dan Tucker	description	First verse and chorus as performed by bluegrass band Jim Smoak & The Louisiana Honeydrippers in 1960. Note the accent on the second and fourth beats and the rhythmic text declamation.
Lights and Sounds	description	A sample of the album's title track, which shows Lights and Sounds' darker and harder musical style when compared to Ocean Avenue.
La Isla Bonita	description	24.0
Like a Prayer	description	A 30-second sample of \
Stand Up for Love	description	A 20-second sample from the chorus of \
Son of a Son of a Sailor	description	Perennial concert favorite and the first single from Son of a Son of a Sailor
Don't Forget About Us	description	A sample of the song's chorus, featuring the protagonists growing desperation and yearning. Critics noted a similar production and instrumentation pattern to \
Great Depression in the United States	description	Roosevelt's first Fireside Chat on the Banking Crisis
Lithuania men's national basketball team	description	Often regarded as Lithuanian sport  anthem
Greatest Hits	description	\
Len Spencer	description	This 1906 record by Spencer enticed store customers with the wonders of the phonograph — 1414 KB
Scheherazade	description	Performed by the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra conducted by Pierre Monteux, with violin solo by Naoum Blinder
We're Going to Be Friends	description	\
Straight Up	description	Paula Abdul's \
Respect	description	Aretha Franklin version of Otis Redding's \
I Write the Songs	description	Barry Manilow's \
Vogue	description	A dance-pop song, \
Tractor pulling	description	A truck pulling at the 2011 Mackville Nationals — 1.43MB
List of United States federal executive orders	description	John F. Kennedy's announcement of the establishment of the Peace Corps
Enrico Caruso compact disc discography	description	Performed by Caruso in 1920.
Clarinet Quintet	description	All performed by William McColl with the Philadelphia String Quartet
Noah S. Sweat	description	The 1952 speech by Mississippi state Rep.  Noah S. “Soggy” Sweat, Jr., reprised by Mississippi state Rep. Ed Perry on 100th anniversary of opening of the Mississippi state Capitol, as broadcast on public radio.
Jesus Walks	description	29.0
MT63	description	The text \
Sunwar people	description	Ao \
Eamonn McCann	description	--06-16
Lucio Battisti	description	Mi ritorni in mente
Lucio Battisti	description	I giardini di marzo
Lucio Battisti	description	The final instrumental part of Questo inferno rosa
Lucio Battisti	description	Amore mio di provincia
Lucio Battisti	description	Potrebbe essere sera
Bedtime Story	description	Madonna sings lyrics for \
Pre-Madonna	description	\
Luxurious	description	A 26-second sample of \
Shrimp on the barbie	description	A sample of Paul Hogan's \
Sergey Sobyanin	description	recorded August 2013
1 Thing	description	A sample of \
Born to Do It	description	Excerpt from \
On the 6	description	A 20-second sample of the radio edit of \
On the 6	description	A 24-second sample of \
If You Had My Love	description	A twenty second sample of the radio edit of \
Feelin' So Good	description	A twenty-eight second sample of \
Love Don't Cost a Thing	description	A 23-second sample of \
Play	description	A twenty-second sample of the song's bridge, in which Lopez explicitly pleads with a DJ to play her favorite song.
Ain't It Funny	description	23
Let's Get Loud	description	A twenty-four second sample of \
Get Right	description	The song's riff comes from a sample of \
Jenny from the Block	description	A 19-second sample consisting of the chorus from \
Ellis Paul	description	Sample of Ellis Paul's \
Ellis Paul	description	Sample of Ellis Paul reciting \
Ellis Paul	description	Sample of Ellis Paul's \
No Me Ames	description	A twenty-nine second sample of the ballad version of \
So Yesterday	description	The chorus of \
Trivium	description	\
Trivium	description	The first song from Shogun
Guns N' Roses	description	Sample of \
Guns N' Roses	description	Sample of November Rain from Use Your Illusion I, the longest song to reach top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100.
Guns N' Roses	description	Sample of \
John Mayer Trio	description	The John Mayer Trio performing \
John Mayer Trio	description	--09-13
Shuffle Along	description	--05-17
Cotton States and International Exposition	description	\
Cotton States and International Exposition	description	The opening of Booker T. Washington's speech to the Atlanta Cotton States and International Exposition.
Son of a Gun	description	30
At attention	description	Attention bugle call
Agogô	description	modern agogo rhythm pattern
Agogô	description	African agogo rhythm pattern
Brad Guigar	description	recorded January 2014
Think	description	Thomas J. Watson, who led IBM from 1914 to 1956, discussing the company's motto \
Can I Have It Like That	description	Most of the song uses an irregular drum loop and prominent bass.
Unblack metal	description	Sample of \
Unblack metal	description	Sample of \
Piano Concerto No. 1	description	Robert Feist conducts the University of Washington Symphony orchestra
Hey Baby	description	The song describes groupies at post-show parties.
And Then We Kiss	description	A 26-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings over a euro-trance melody.
Million Dollar Quartet	description	A rendition of W. A. Fletcher and J. R. Baxter's Southern gospel song \
Agitation Free	description	A sample of the track \
Hella Good	description	The song's hook is performed on the bass.
Vapen & ammunition	description	Sample of track 3, \
Banhu	description	Sample of recording of a piece for banhu played by Liu Mingyuan based on music from Qinqiang , called \
Aloha ʻOe	description	Aloha Oe by William Smith and Walter K. Kolomoku
Preludes	description	Giorgi Latso
Preludes	description	Giorgi Latso
Preludes	description	MIDI recording by Michael Angelkovich
Roxanne Wars	description	Excerpt of \
Prince Nico Mbarga	description	Sweet Mother by Prince Nico Mbarga.
Sweet Mother	description	Sweet Mother by Prince Nico Mbarga.
Nora Aunor	description	Nora Aunor's winning song in \
Nora Aunor	description	Nora Aunor's live rendition of the Academy Award winning song
Robert Pipon Marett	description	--11-17
Doctor Foster	description	Tune for Doctor Foster
Stød	description	Pronunciation of hun  and hund
Piano Sonata No. 31	description	Performed by Carlos Gardels. Courtesy of Musopen
Piano Sonata No. 31	description	Performed by Donald Betts. Courtesy of Musopen
Piano Sonata No. 31	description	Performed by Donald Betts . Courtesy of Musopen
Atlanta Exposition Speech	description	The opening of Booker T. Washington's Atlanta compromise speech to the Cotton States and International Exposition
Norm Augustinus	description	Humorous Fat Cat Adoption Story
It's Grim Up North	description	Pounding industrial techno.
It's Grim Up North	description	Part of the long transition between the techno and the orchestra.
Ding Dong Bell	description	Tune for Ding Dong Bell
In the Bleak Midwinter	description	Four verses arranged for congregational singing.
Take a Bow	description	27.0
Friday the 13th	description	Harry Manfredini's theme, used to identify the presence of the killer in the Friday the 13th film series
Otherside	description	Sample of \
Changes	description	21.0
Fantastic Wounds	description	Segment of the atmospheric \
Fantastic Wounds	description	Intro of single \
PubChem	description	PubChem
Ellegarden	description	\
Ellegarden	description	\
I Can Only Imagine	description	A sample of \
Piano Sonata No. 15	description	Performed by Karine Gilanyan. Courtesy of Musopen
Piano Sonata No. 15	description	Performed by Jennifer Castellano. Courtesy of Musopen
August Klughardt	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Bye Bye Baby	description	23.0
Erotica	description	\
History of the Panama Canal	description	--09-07
History of the Panama Canal	description	Audio-only version
Black Coffee	description	A 29-second sample of the song's outro sung by group member Shaznay Lewis.
Mark Bernes	description	Sample of \
Italian Concerto	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein
The Entertainer	description	A live performance of \
Steve Shirley	description	Recorded May 2010 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
Old English phonology	description	Recording of the Lord's Prayer in reconstructed Old English
Carlton Draught: Big Ad	description	From Carmina Burana  by Carl Orff
Christabel	description	Recording of the poem.
2011 Cricket World Cup	description	The official song of the 2011 World Cup
Theodora Morse	description	Three O'Clock in the Morning, performed by Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra for Victor Records.
The End Has No End	description	\
Bernhard Romberg	description	Performed by James Galway and the Young Danish String Quartet
Sometimes You Can't Make It on Your Own	description	U2's \
Keith style	description	Bill Keith playing the banjo in melodic style
Lose My Breath	description	24
Hot Cross Buns	description	Tune for Hot Cross Buns
Who Knows Where the Time Goes%3F	description	Excerpt from \
Richard Youngs	description	\
Electronic dance music	description	Donna Summer's \
Electronic dance music	description	\
Electronic dance music	description	Phuture's \
Electronic dance music	description	\
Electronic dance music	description	\
Electronic dance music	description	The album also included \
Electronic dance music	description	120.0
Soldier	description	A 24-second sample of \
WMMS	description	Station promo recorded during 2013 on-air broadcast
Grendel	description	This short sample shows the use of short audio samples in addition to a voice track.
Special information tones	description	Reorder – intraLATA
Special information tones	description	Vacant Code
Special information tones	description	No Circuit – intraLATA
Special information tones	description	Intercept
Special information tones	description	Reorder – interLATA
Special information tones	description	No Circuit – interLATA
Special information tones	description	Ineffective/Other
Special information tones	description	Future Use
World Burns to Death	description	Track 6 from The Sucking of the Missile Cock
Sunnyvista	description	An audio sample of \
Sandara Park	description	2
Sandara Park	description	\
Beep	description	A sample of \
Wesendonck Lieder	description	Orchestral version with Ernestine Schumann-Heink, 1911
Grandes études de Paganini	description	Performed by Romuald Greiss on an 1850 Budynowicz piano
Whenever, Wherever	description	The song is strongly influenced by Andean music and is one of the first songs to combine worldbeat with latin pop.
Last Night a D.J. Saved My Life	description	\
Sun Goes Down	description	An Audio sample of \
Waiting to Exhale	description	Toni Braxton's \
Don't Bother	description	24.0
Sorry	description	A sample for \
Eastern dwarf tree frog	description	Call recorded at Samsonvale Cemetery, SE Queensland
Cherish	description	30.0
Express Yourself	description	28.0
Deeper and Deeper	description	30.0
Bad Girl	description	20.0
Rain	description	A 30-second sample of \
Human Nature	description	90.0
The Cockroaches	description	\
The Cockroaches	description	Originally a Cockroaches tune, one of the many songs in The Cockroaches' library that was changed from Australian pop to children's music
Shaman	description	28.0
The Office	description	The song was written by Jay Ferguson and performed by The Scrantones.
William Steffe	description	\
William Steffe	description	\
James Pierpont	description	Original melody
James Pierpont	description	Performed on Piano, flute, clarinet, French horn
James Pierpont	description	Performed on Celesta and Violin
Manuel Ponce	description	Originally attributed to Sylvius Leopold Weiss. Performed on guitar by Jeff Carter. Courtesy of Musopen
Rumor and Sigh	description	Sample of \
Joyce Sims	description	An excerpt from the short version of Come into My Life
Ferrari 512	description	Ferrari 512 S at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Keith and The Girl	description	Keith Malley discusses his unusual accent.
Carl Almenräder	description	Performed by Arthur Grossman  and Neil O'Doan
Kokle	description	A fragment of a traditional Livonian wedding song played on a concert kokle
Beat of My Heart	description	A nineteen second sample of \
Native American flute	description	Performed on a 1987 flute crafted by Chief Arthur Two-crows.
Native American flute	description	Performed on a 2001 flute crafted by Rick Heller.
Cwm Rhondda	description	Instrumental rendition
A Change Is Gonna Come	description	A sound sample of \
Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne	description	A clipping from the film Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne where the king of ghosts  grants Goopy and Bagha three boons. Significantly Satyajit Ray used his own voice for the voice of king of ghosts . In these scene king of ghosts is speaking in rhyme. In 1980, Ray made a sequel to Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne, Hirak Rajar Deshe, in this film too, most of the dialogues exchanged by the protagonists of the film were rhyming.\n\nSatyajit Ray praised S.V.Rau  for the ghost dance effect by calling it a technical feat.
'03 Bonnie & Clyde	description	A 20-second sample of \
Olivia	description	A 22-second audio sample of the song, which was compared to the work of  TLC, Kelis, and Eve.
Rhythmicon	description	Example of what a rhythmicon would sound like if all the keys were pressed down. Fundamental = C1.
Unhalfbricking	description	Sample of \
Unhalfbricking	description	Sample of \
I Walk the Line	description	From the album With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Boris Lyatoshinsky	description	performed by Andriy Bondarenko
Kyrylo Stetsenko	description	Lyrics by Volodymyr Samiylenko. Performed by Benjamin Butterfield  and Albert Krywolt
Kyrylo Stetsenko	description	Lyrics by Oleksandr Oles. Performed by Pavlo Hunka  and Albert Krywolt
The Bad Touch	description	The lyric \
Frankie Ruiz	description	28.0
The Song of the Volga Boatmen	description	1902
Patrick Gilmore	description	Gilmore's \
Wait for the Wagon	description	Recorded excerpt of the 'Wait for the Wagon' march tune as played by the concert band of the Royal Corps of Transport Association.
Check on It	description	A 19-second sample of \
Goodbye My Lover	description	James Blunt's \
The Old Kit Bag	description	Gethsemane
Alive	description	25.0
Christian Bautista	description	30
Piano Sonata No. 13	description	Performed by Brendan Kinsella. Courtesy of Musopen
You'll See	description	29.0
Strangelove	description	sample containing the Morse code referred to in the text to the left.
Radetzky March	description	Johann Strauss I's \
Circus music	description	Julius Fucik's \
Circus music	description	Fillmore's \
Circus music	description	Fillmore's \
Mahagama Sekara	description	This is a digitized copy of a radio program about Mahagama Sekera and his identical work on Sinhala Literature originally produced and broadcast by Radio Ceylon to commemorate Mahagama Sekera.
Edmund L. Gruber	description	Performed by the United States Army Band
Beautiful Collision	description	Sample from the single \
Beautiful Collision	description	Sample from the single \
Beautiful Collision	description	Sample from the single \
The British Grenadiers	description	\
Infamy Speech	description	Entire speech. .
Infamy Speech	description	Section of speech with famous phrase. .
I'll Remember	description	26.0
Get Some Sleep	description	Sample from the single \
Listening for the Weather	description	Sample from the single \
Sting	description	Recording of a classic basic sting, using two drums and then an unchoked cymbal
Richard Baker	description	recorded March 2015
Andrey Makarevich	description	recorded September 2013
Rebelde	description	First single off the album.
Rebelde	description	Second single off the album.
Nuestro Amor	description	First single off the album.
Wouldn't It Be Nice	description	An excerpt of the section leading into the bridge via tempo modulation. The distinctive harp-like instrument is a detuned 12-string guitar run directly into the console with added reverb.
Wouldn't It Be Nice	description	Isolated vocals-only excerpt taken from the song's bridge and coda.
Confessions of a Broken Heart	description	22.0
Are You Lonesome Tonight%3F	description	Several versions of the song were recorded in 1927, the first by Charles Hart.
Judy Ann Santos	description	The slow-tempo easy listening track, a cover of The Carpenters' song from the 1974 album A Song For You, became Santos' first commercial release.
Judy Ann Santos	description	Santos' self-titled album contained cover version tracks, her sophomore single \
Judy Ann Santos	description	One of Santos' recorded tracks on the compilation album,Musika Ng Buhay Ko a cover of Tyler Collins' 1992 hit.
Judy Ann Santos	description	Santos has received widespread scrutiny for her recorded and live vocal performances.
Tarzan yell	description	audio sequence extracted from one of Weissmuller's Tarzan movies
Tea & Sympathy	description	The optimistic chorus of \
Barrel of a Gun	description	30.0
Nightingale floor	description	The sound of a person walking on the \
Precious Memories	description	CeCe Peniston recorded the song for the Sisters of Glory's spiritual album Good News in Hard Times in 1995.
Vess Ossman	description	Tom Turpin's 1904 composition \
Pride	description	Hamasaki took new directions on understood, as epitomized by the single \
Oh Father	description	A 30-second sample of Madonna's \
The Kinks	description	\
The Kinks	description	\
The Kinks	description	Ray Davies created the \
The Kinks	description	\
The Kinks	description	\
Trys Milijonai	description	Often regarded as Lithuanian sport anthem
Stranger in Moscow	description	Excerpt of the single \
Mark Jansen	description	Mark Jansen's death growls, here contrasted with a choir, are a key part of Epica's musical style
Eight Short Preludes and Fugues	description	Performed by Steven Dunlop
Ethel Smith	description	Performed by Ethel Smith
The Color Purple	description	--05-19
Cry	description	A 28-second sample of \
We Care a Lot	description	31.0
Dear Jessie	description	A 26–second sample of \
Wish You Well	description	20.0
Gothic metal	description	Doom/death metal meets gothic music on this title track of Paradise Lost's second album Gothic.
Gothic metal	description	Clean, melancholic vocals can be heard in this sample from My Dying Bride's third album The Angel and the Dark River.
Gothic metal	description	A gothic interpretation of Black Sabbath's \
Gothic metal	description	30.0
Gothic metal	description	24.0
Gothic metal	description	Rapid orchestral strings move to the forefront on the chorus of this title track from Within Temptation's second album Mother Earth.
Gothic metal	description	Orchestral strings underline this beauty and the beast exchange from Epica's debut album The Phantom Agony.
So Seductive	description	A 19-second sample of \
Jal	description	Lamhay, Jal's single from their debut studio album, Aadat.
Violin Concerto No. 5	description	Arranged for violin and piano. Performed by Ben Goldstein, violin, and Bendik Eide, piano
The Gits	description	Sample of the 1992 Gits track \
Hustler's Ambition	description	A 21-second sample of \
4	description	1988
How to Save a Life	description	Sample of \
How to Save a Life	description	Sample of \
Natalya Gorbanevskaya	description	--06-21
Piano Sonatas Nos. 19 and 20	description	23.0
Piano Sonatas Nos. 19 and 20	description	57.0
A Fever You Can't Sweat Out	description	\
Lecrae	description	The single \
Leonora Jakupi	description	Leonoras most famous song released during Kosovo war
Leonora Jakupi	description	Song from Leonora's fourth album \
Claudio S. Grafulla	description	Washington Grays, performed by the United States Air Force Concert Band in 1998.
World of Sport	description	An excerpt from the theme music to  World Of Sport
Underneath Your Clothes	description	On the power ballad, Shakira sings with \
Du & jag döden	description	Sample of track 11, \
Panopticon	description	\
Trick Me	description	A 20-second sample of \
Night Moves	description	A sample of \
	description	Hamasaki took new directions on understood, as epitomized by the single \
Snow	description	A 30-second sample of \
I Wanna Be with You	description	A 25-second sample of Mandy Moore's \
Legião Urbana	description	from Legião Urbana's self-titled debut album. Recorded in 1985.
Take a Chance on Me	description	19.0
Complete Control	description	33
Russian Easter Festival Overture	description	Courtesy of Musopen. Performed by the Czech National Symphony Orchestra
As Quatro Estações	description	from the album As Quatro Estações. Recorded in 1989.
V	description	from the album V. Recorded in 1991.
Human Nature	description	\
Rock Your Body	description	\
Just a Little While	description	Jackson longs for an intimacy with her significant other in the rock-influenced single.
Idlewild South	description	\
All Nite	description	A 28-second sample of \
All Nite	description	The song's promotional So So Def remix replaces the dance-pop instrumental with dancehall and hip hop influences.
Fly to the Sky	description	bubblegum-influenced debut single
Fly to the Sky	description	heavy ballad written by Brian McKnight
Fly to the Sky	description	the melodramatic title single from their first album under PFull Entertainment
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Breakthrough hit by R.E.M.
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Major hit by The B-52's
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	First major hip hop single from Athens, by Bubba Sparxxx
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Recording by the underground, Athens-based performer Matthew Sweet
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Recording by Neutral Milk Hotel indie rock band and member of the Elephant 6 collective
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Recording by modern Southern rock band Drive-By Truckers
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Song by the popular jam band Widespread Panic
Music of Athens, Georgia	description	Song by Pylon, one of the long-time underground legends of the Athens scene
Radio Free Europe	description	Sample of \
Il combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda	description	Live recording
Angels We Have Heard on High	description	Angels We Have Heard on High, performed by Clarinet and French Horn
Angels We Have Heard on High	description	Angels We Have Heard on High, Piano solo
Work It Out	description	1970.0
Doomsday	description	The beginning of the song \
Forgotten Tales	description	A clip from a track on We Shall See the Light illustrates Forgotten Tales's style of play.
Be Without You	description	Mary J. Blige's \
Smooth	description	Sample from \
Maria Maria	description	sample of \
Try Again	description	A 24-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Aaliyah singing over an electro-inspired background.
The Supremes Sing Holland–Dozier–Holland	description	7.0
Billy Crawford	description	The supposed third single for Big City.
Billy Crawford	description	The second single for Big City.
Titanic: Music from the Motion Picture	description	Written by James Horner/Will Jennings, this ballad won four Grammy Awards and reached number-one in more than twenty-five countries. Horner heavily used fullorchestra, Sissel's vocals, Synthesizer and flute to create the Titanic: Music from the Motion Picture.
Chevrolet Opala	description	Chevrolet Opala SS 250-S in drag race
Mogwai Young Team	description	Sample of \
The Mosquito	description	Warning: sound may be irritating. This is a 10-second sample of an audio clip at a frequency of approximately 17.4 kHz only audible for humans under age 25
Music in the Elizabethan era	description	Out of the Deep by Orlando Gibbons, recorded live in Borja, Spain by The Tudor Consort in October 2005
Music in the Elizabethan era	description	Flow, my tears by John Dowland, live performance
Too Much Too Soon	description	\
Unforgettable... with Love	description	Natalie Cole and Nat King Cole's \
Push the Button	description	A 23-second audio sample of \
Ugly	description	27.0
Wanted Dread & Alive	description	Reggaemylitis audio sample
In the Middle	description	A sample of the \
Hole in the Head	description	23.0
Black Rose	description	Black Rose second and last single released
Brothers and Sisters	description	\
Brothers and Sisters	description	\
Shape	description	A music sample of \
The Make-Up	description	An example of the Make-Up's soul-influenced \
The Make-Up	description	A live performance by the Make-Up from their 2006 album Untouchable Sound - Live!, highlighting the band's distinctive live sound.
Wurlitzer electric piano	description	The left-handed riffs of \
Rossi Codex	description	Unknown composer
Police and Thieves	description	30
Little Fluffy Clouds	description	Clip from The Orb's \
Little Fluffy Clouds	description	25.0
Ariel Atom	description	Audio of Ariel Atom 3 pulling away from the start at the Goodwood Festival of Speed hillclimb
Spirits Having Flown	description	The Bee Gee's ninth US number one single from 1979. It topped the chart for three weeks.
Malagueña	description	Performed by Clélia Iruzun
B in the Mix: The Remixes	description	A 26-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings over a euro-trance melody.
Ring of Fire	description	From the album Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. This sample a portion of the chorus.  Flourishes from the mariachi are also featured.
Awadagin Pratt	description	--11-04
Awadagin Pratt	description	Audio only
Awadagin Pratt	description	Audio only version
Awadagin Pratt	description	Pratt and student pianist Lucy Hattemer perform Franz Schubert's piano four-hands Fantasia in F minor, 1st and 4th movements at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
Awadagin Pratt	description	Pratt performs Alexander Scriabin's Étude Op. 8 No. 12 at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
The Hudson and Pepperdine Show	description	Mel and Vicki get to grips with feng shui. Excerpt from series 1, episode 1, 1m57s.
Jingle Bell Rock	description	A version of \
Gambler	description	20.0
Nature Boy	description	An 18-second sample from Cole's 1961 version of \
Lucrezia Bori	description	From Giuseppe Verdi's La traviata, sung by Lucrezia Bori in 1910 for Edison Records.
Moi... Lolita	description	\
DrugBank	description	Drug database
Yellow Submarine	description	Side two of the album contained George Martin's orchestral score for the film, leading with \
Harry S. Truman	description	Harry S. Truman's speech on leaving office, and returning home to Independence, Missouri.
These Are Special Times	description	A 27-second sample of \
These Are Special Times	description	A 30-second sample of \
Clampdown	description	27
Free & Easy	description	A 28-second sample of \
Seasons	description	A 30-second sample of \
Pierre Attaingnant	description	from ''Suite de Danses du Recueil
Boys & Girls	description	A 20-second sample of \
Conan the Barbarian	description	Blaring French horns and pounding drums distinguish Conan the Barbarians main theme.
Little Shop of Horrors	description	The beginning of the last chorus of \
79th Light Anti-Aircraft Battery	description	\
God Rest You Merry, Gentlemen	description	A 1917 Edison Records recording
Micromoog	description	A classical piece recorded using only the Micromoog
Micromoog	description	A recording using only the Micromoog and some external reverb
Micromoog	description	A recent piece recorded using a Micromoog and Roland TR-808 Drum Machine
Folia	description	Without variations
Crimson Glory	description	\
Crimson Glory	description	The third album marked a stylistic departure from the progressive metal.
Crimson Glory	description	\
Posen speeches	description	An excerpt of this speech where Himmler discusses the on-going extermination of the Jews.
Music of the Trecento	description	Anonymous composer, instrumental version. Source: Rossi Codex
Passion	description	A sample of \
Passion	description	A sample of \
Jump	description	22.0
Amor Prohibido	description	Chrissie Hynde had prevented the release of Amor Prohibido until a translation of \
Amor Prohibido	description	20.0
Amor Prohibido	description	15
Cultura Profética	description	The song \
Ivy Ling Po	description	A Huangmei opera song by veteran artist Ivy Ling Po partnering with Jenny Tseng.
Le Cid	description	Chimène's aria from Act 3. Sung by Marguerite Sylva for Edison Records in 1910.
Le Cid	description	Sung by Enrico Caruso in 1916 for the Victor Talking Machine Company.
Prisoner of Love	description	1931
Night Nurse	description	Night Nurse audio sample
Pandi Melam	description	Pandi Melam
Maxixe	description	Choro  \
Maxixe	description	Maxixe \
Maxixe	description	Choro  \
Maxixe	description	\
Maxixe	description	Choro  \
Fiona Sit	description	This song was one of the hits in Sit's first album, \
Oboe Concerto	description	A 2005 performance
Yayue	description	A short excerpt of a historical recording of yayue c. 1925 used in a Confucian ritual before such music disappeared from mainland China.
The Least We Can Do Is Wave to Each Other	description	\
František Xaver Dušek	description	sonata
Respiratory sounds	description	The sound of wheezing as heard with a stethoscope.
Respiratory sounds	description	Inspiratory and expiratory stridor in a 13-month child with croup.
Respiratory sounds	description	Crackles heard in the lungs of a person with pneumonia using a stethoscope.
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted	description	The song features the interaction between performers 2Pac and Snoop Dogg.
Dirt off Your Shoulder	description	A 24-second sample of \
Some Girls	description	The song uses a heavily swung electronic rhythm.
Fum, Fum, Fum	description	A somewhat idiosyncratic arrangement of Fum, Fum, Fum, performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus.
The Beautiful People	description	A sample of \
Shave and a Haircut	description	An example of the couplet.
Estoy Aquí	description	A sample of \
Objection	description	Shakira delivers rap-like vocals during the bridge of the song, which was often cited as its highlight.
Mercedes-Benz W196	description	Mercedes-Benz W196 driven by Stirling Moss at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Casting Crowns	description	\
Casting Crowns	description	\
Casting Crowns	description	\
BMW V12 LMR	description	BMW V12 LMR at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Hungarian culture	description	Franz Liszt
Hungarian culture	description	Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2
Jerry Roberts	description	recorded October 2012
Hey, Good Lookin'	description	Jo Stafford's duet with Frankie Laine of Hank Williams' song.
Huangmei opera	description	A huangmei opera song by veteran artist Ivy Ling Po partnering with Jenny Tseng
United States presidential inauguration	description	Video of the First inauguration of Bill Clinton.
United States presidential inauguration	description	audio only version
United States presidential inauguration	description	--01-20
Hikari	description	A 30-second sample of \
Hikari	description	A 16-second sample of the PlanitB remix of \
Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso	description	Performed by Elias Goldstein with the Depaul Symphony
Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso	description	performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Deck the Halls	description	Piano solo of \
Deck the Halls	description	Alternate version for Deck the Halls. Two violins, viola and Violoncello.
Deck the Halls	description	Concert band version performed by United States Air Force Band and Singing Sergeants
Dream a Little Dream of Me	description	The Mamas and Papas' version, with solo voice by Cass Elliot, released as a single during 1968.
Bass Culture	description	Reggae fi Peach audio sample
Live 93	description	Clip from \
Roesel's bush-cricket	description	31.0
Duncan Dhu	description	40.0
In the Steppes of Central Asia	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Touch Me I'm Sick	description	Sample of \
Around the World	description	Sample of \
Hagnesta Hill	description	Sample of \
Colaptes	description	Subgenus Colaptes, species undetermined
S Club	description	S Club 7's debut single and theme music to Miami 7.
Jessica	description	The song's main melody consists of two keyboards and Betts's electric guitar harmonizing.
I Want It That Way	description	The guitar intro and first verse of the song
Gladiator	description	listen to a clip from the score of Gladiator.
Le Tigre	description	The song's lyrics allude to \
Rollergirl	description	27.0
B-Bender	description	On this 1969 recording of \
Jorge Cortell	description	License: Creative Commons by-2.5.
Guangdong music	description	Sample of \
Guangdong music	description	Sample of \
M+M's	description	A sound sample of \
Leave Me Alone	description	A twenty seven second sample from \
Crosspicking	description	Sample of Jesse McReynolds' crosspicking style on the mandolin.
D'Oyly Carte Opera Company	description	George Baker singing the Major-General's Song from the company's 1929 recording of Pirates, conducted by Malcolm Sargent
Romances	description	A sample of the lead single \
Free Fallin'	description	From the album Where the Light Is: John Mayer Live in Los Angeles.
Train in Vain	description	30
University of South Florida	description	USF rally cry
Mi Chico Latino	description	A 25-second sample of the song.
Septober Energy	description	An audio sample of \
Pfam	description	The Pfam database provides alignments and hidden Markov models for protein domains.
Only You	description	An 18-second sample of \
Stronger	description	A sound sample of the slow-paced pop and R&B ballad \
Breathe on Me	description	22.0
California thrasher	description	California thrasher singing in California
Halloween	description	John Carpenter's theme for the original Halloween, which was reproduced for the sequels
Bernice Liu	description	Liu's first and most successful solo song to date.
Riccardo Drigo	description	Pre-1917 recordings of two of Drigo's supplemental numbers for La Esmeralda.
Common eastern froglet	description	Call recorded at Kobble Creek, SE Queensland
Oberon	description	An arrangement of the overture by John Gready, performed by the United States Navy Band's Concert Band
Shotgun Willie	description	Introduction of the song \
Crash	description	The song has an automobile theme.
Selena	description	1960.0
Ostava	description	English version of \
Ostava	description	Live in Sofia.
Ostava	description	This song follows the Ostava tradition of closing an album with a passionate ballad. Live in Sofia.
Weald and Downland Open Air Museum	description	The sounds of the mechanism grinding flour.
GPnotebook	description	Medical database, and encyclopedia for medicine in English
Hanky Panky	description	22.0
This Used to Be My Playground	description	A 30-second sample of \
Berlin Trilogy	description	Sample of \
Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 538	description	Jarle Fagerheim plays Bach: \
Present Arms	description	One in Ten audio sample
Jaguar XJR-9	description	Jaguar XJR8-9 driven by Justin Law at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Calle 13	description	\
Calle 13	description	This song from Entren Los Que Quieran features \
LKJ in Dub	description	Iron Bar Dub audio sample
Off-hook tone	description	Listen to an off-hook tone from North America.
Off-hook tone	description	Listen to an older 480Hz off-hook tone.
Reorder tone	description	Listen to a reorder tone from North America.
Reorder tone	description	Listen to a reorder tone from the United Kingdom.
Make-up artist	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski receiving lip liner from make-up artist Samuel Paul for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Make-up artist	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski receiving eye liner from make-up artist Samuel Paul for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Tokyo	description	Yui's 4th single, \
Tomorrow's Way	description	Yui's 2nd Single, \
Disco Dancer	description	Bappi Lahiri's \
Just As I Am	description	Organ solo
Unmeasured prelude	description	from L'art de toucher le Clavecin by François Couperin, performed by Robert Schröter on a harpsichord tuned in equal temperament
Unmeasured prelude	description	The same work performed in a reconstructed tuning of \
Films based on works by Edgar Wallace	description	The opening voiceover of the Rialto Edgar Wallace films from 1962 onwards – 23 KB
Danse de la chèvre	description	Performed by Sarah Bassingthwaite
Izitso	description	A sample of \
Izitso	description	A sample of \
Pure Reason Revolution	description	\
Pure Reason Revolution	description	\
Butterfly Lovers' Violin Concerto	description	Butterfly Lovers Violin Concerto
William Hulme's Grammar School	description	verse and chorus of WHGS Song on organ, played and recorded 3 Feb 2008
Dreamgirls	description	Performed by Jennifer Hudson.
Red Dress	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Phases and Stages	description	Frequently repeated along the album, the song appears at the beginning of some of the tracks and at the end of the record.
Phases and Stages	description	On the first side of the album, the song depicts the woman leaving her house and encouraging her husband to find a new love.
Phases and Stages	description	Starting the second side of the album, the song depicts the husband's surprise in front of her wife leaving the house and him taking a plane to Houston, Texas.
Young Modern	description	25.0
Cyberpunk	description	Sample of \
Cyberpunk	description	Sample of \
Cyberpunk	description	Sample of \
Cyberpunk	description	Sample of \
Early One Morning	description	Tune for Early One Morning
Nocturnes, Op. 15	description	Performed by Luke Faulkner, provided by Musopen
Nocturnes, Op. 15	description	Performed by Vadim Chaimovich, provided by Musopen
Teixeirinha	description	from the album \
Romance	description	A 23-second sample of Miguel's cover of Armando Manzanero's 1986 \
Segundo Romance	description	A 22-second sample from Miguel's cover of \
Segundo Romance	description	A 16-second sample from Miguel's version of \
Partitas for keyboard	description	All of the above performed by Ivan Ilić.
Partitas for keyboard	description	Performed by Muriel Nguyen Xuan
Texas Flood	description	Stevie Ray Vaughan's version.
Bist du bei mir	description	Performed by soprano Elisabeth Schumann, 1934
Chan Chan	description	30.0
Seamonsters	description	Excerpt from the track \
Halo Original Soundtrack	description	The piece used for the MacWorld Expo 1999 Halo announcement.
Dreaming of You	description	\
Dreaming of You	description	\
Ex-Girlfriend	description	Stefani raps many of the lyrics rather than singing, and the instrumentals take influence from new wave and flamenco.
Israel in Egypt	description	--06-29
List of keyboard and lute compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein
List of keyboard and lute compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed on a piano by Randolph Hokanson
List of keyboard and lute compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind
List of keyboard and lute compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed on a harpsichord by Gérard Janot
Louis-Nicolas Clérambault	description	Movement 5 of Suite du Premier Ton  from his 1710 publication, Livre d'Orgue
Italian popular music	description	I giardini di marzo  by Lucio Battisti
2006 State of the Union Address	description	--01-31
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed in 1933 by Arthur Schnabel.  Run time is three minutes and 24 seconds.
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed in 1933 by Arthur Schnabel.  Run time is three minutes and 13 seconds.
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed in 1933 by Arthur Schnabel.  Run time is three minutes and 40 seconds.
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed in 1933 by Arthur Schnabel.  Run time is five minutes and 16 seconds.
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed in 1933 by Arthur Schnabel.  Run time is three minutes and 16 seconds.
Piano Sonata No. 11	description	Performed in 1933 by Arthur Schnabel.  Run time is five minutes and 14 seconds.
Piano Sonata No. 1	description	1020.0
Piano Sonata No. 1	description	20.0
Piano Sonata No. 1	description	Recorded circa 1935, performed by Artur Schnabel, run time is six minutes and one second
Piano Sonata No. 1	description	26.0
Piano Sonata No. 1	description	44.0
O Descobrimento do Brasil	description	from the album O Descobrimento do Brasil. Recorded in 1993.
2005 State of the Union Address	description	--02-02
Parole parole	description	27.0
Knock Me Down	description	\
Mike de Albuquerque	description	An audio sample of \
Wild World	description	Sample of \
The Charge of the Light Brigade	description	1890
Le cygne	description	\
Le cygne	description	Alisa Weilerstein and Jason Yoder perform Camille Saint-Saëns's \
Le cygne	description	Audio only Weilerstein and Yoder version
The Amityville Horror	description	Clip from the music by Lalo Schifrin.
Love's Secret Domain	description	Sample of \
Loose	description	\
Loose	description	1980.0
Hungry Like the Wolf	description	A 23-second sample from \
KEGG	description	Bioinformatics resource for deciphering the genome.
Just Like Heaven	description	Sample of \
Lullaby	description	Sample of Lullaby
Make Love	description	90.0
My Blue Heaven	description	Gene Austin's hit recording
Human Highway	description	This song from a diner scene exemplifies Mark Mothersbaugh's early film scoring.
Human Highway	description	Neil Young performing music while in character as Lionel accompanied by film score.
Human Highway	description	A collaboration uniquely combining Young's pre-grunge sound with Devo's post-punk electronics.
Buttons	description	A 24-second sample of \
SOS	description	23.0
Symphony No. 99	description	Both pieces recorded in 1935 by the London Philharmonic Orchestra
Prabhu Deva	description	The Tamil song became widely known to the English internet audience for its phonetic lyrics.
War	description	War audio sample
The End of Silence	description	30.0
Ringing tone	description	A ring-back tone from the UK
Ringing tone	description	Audible ringing tone from North America
Ringing tone	description	A European ringing tone per ETSI standard
Ringing tone	description	A ringing tone from Japan
No Limits	description	Sample of \
Son of a Plumber	description	The song, one of a few instrumental only tracks, was a tribute to Per's father who was a plumber. Hence the title of the album.
Happy Birthday, Mr. President	description	Marilyn Monroe's original performance of the song
Dog Faced Hermans	description	9.0
Dog Faced Hermans	description	Twenty-nine second sample of \
Shawn Phillips	description	An audio sample of \
Strawberry poison-dart frog	description	Male advertisement call
Coriolan Overture	description	performed by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra, conducted by Simon Schindler.
Coriolan Overture	description	Performed by the Czech National Symphony Orchestra for the Musopen Kickstarter Project.
20 Y.O.	description	29
National Emblem	description	Played by the United States Army Band
Banded bullfrog	description	Calling sound of several banded bullfrogs
Kevin Bowyer	description	Opening of the first movement, Prelude, played by Kevin Bowyer on the Harrison & Harrison organ of St. Mary Redcliffe, Bristol
Banded bay cuckoo	description	Call of banded bay cuckoo recorded in Wayanad, India
Tales from the Vienna Woods	description	Courtesy of Musopen
A Girl like Me	description	23.0
A Girl like Me	description	A 23-second sample of the chorus of \
The Hebrides	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Oh! You Pretty Things	description	19.0
Energy 52	description	\
Oriental scops owl	description	Call of oriental scops owl recorded in Parambikulam
Kooks	description	17.0
Quicksand	description	30.0
Song for Bob Dylan	description	25.0
Hips Don't Lie	description	\
The Bewlay Brothers	description	30.0
Blaze of Glory	description	30.0
Blaze of Glory	description	30.0
Adrienne Young	description	from Plow to the End of the Row
Adrienne Young	description	from The Art of Virtue
Plow to the End of the Row	description	from Plow to the End of the Row
Taylor Hicks	description	\
Silent Civilian	description	\
Jurassic Park	description	\
Sonatina	description	March 2009
Tryin' to Get the Feeling	description	Barry Manilow's \
The Hundred Pipers	description	Tune: A Hundred Pipers
Pure Morning	description	\
The Bonnie Lass o' Fyvie	description	Simon and Garfunkel version
František Kmoch	description	Instrumental sample of one of the best known marches \
Blackout	description	A sample of the bridge of \
Blackout	description	\
Clocks	description	Sample of \
Christian Chávez	description	RBD's lead single from their first album Rebelde.
Christian Chávez	description	RBD's lead English single.
Anthology	description	The remix version of \
The Art of Virtue	description	from The Art of Virtue
Trobairitz	description	The only existing song by a trobairitz which survives with music, by Comtessa de Diá.
3 a.m. Eternal	description	The single that brought The KLF international recognition and sales success.
3 a.m. Eternal	description	This grindcore reworking was the soundtrack to The KLF's controversial retirement.
Invisible Touch	description	22
Kerli	description	Kerli's musical style from Love Is Dead differs greatly from her more modern music.
Kerli	description	Kerli's modern music contains an electronic dance and rave influenced sound, entirely different from her older music.
Ziggy Stardust	description	Sample of \
DSCH motif	description	A simple audio file containing the DSCH Motif alone
Bianca Jackson	description	--04-08
List of South African slang words	description	An example of South African English regionalisms/slang
The Show	description	21.0
Love Machine	description	A 21-second sample of \
Wake Me Up	description	21.0
Halo 2 Original Soundtrack	description	The piece used to accompany the 2002 announcement of Halo 2
Johann Ludwig Krebs	description	Performed in 2010 on Link organ in Feuchtwangen, Germany
Anthony Burger	description	This is a clip of Anthony Burger playing his \
WarCry	description	Sample of \
WarCry	description	Sample of \
WarCry	description	Ardines' aggressive drumming was prominent on the band's early works. From WarCry .
WarCry	description	Víctor García's high-pitched vocal style is demonstrated in this song-ending 17-second scream. From Alea Jacta Est .
WarCry	description	WarCry has expanded their use of keyboard harmonies on more recent albums. From La Quinta Esencia .
Ones	description	\
Cantu a tenore	description	Tenores di Bitti Mialinu Pira Live recording in Modena, June 2011
Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues	description	A sample of the first verse of \
Messe de Nostre Dame	description	By Guillaume de Machaut, midi instrumental version
Marijonas Mikutavičius	description	Often regarded as Lithuanian sport anthem
Herbert L. Clarke	description	1913
Piano history and musical performance	description	Daniel Veesey's performance of Movement III of Beethoven's Piano Sonata No, 28, Op. 101, from Musopen.com.
Miroslav Žbirka	description	An international version of the duet, familiar under title \
Miroslav Žbirka	description	A new English version entitled as \
Run	description	\
Pearl Jam	description	A sample of \
Pearl Jam	description	A sample of \
Koenigsegg CCX	description	Koenigsegg CCX-R at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Got 'til It's Gone	description	Janet's vocals repeatedly fade in and out with the song's haunting instrumental as Q-Tip performs ad-libs and Joni Mitchell contributes a vocal loop.
Doremi Fasol Latido	description	30.0
Keep It Together	description	30.0
Coburn	description	A 19-second sample of their 2005 hit \
Hairspray	description	The chorus of the film's opening number, \
Avatar	description	listen to a clip from the score of the 2009 film Avatar.
1987	description	A remade version of The JAMs' first white label single with a number of illegal samples removed. King Boy D's distinctive \
1987	description	Chike sings over a beatbox rhythm and a sample from Dave Brubeck's \
1987	description	The most controversial song on the album, \
Jiří Antonín Benda	description	50.0
Étienne Moulinié	description	Air de cour by Étienne Moulinié
Mary from Dungloe	description	Daniel O'Donnell's version of \
Finger vibrato	description	A note is pre-bent up one semitone, then bent back, followed with a one-tone pull down and hand vibrato.
InterPro	description	protein families, domains and functional sites
Get Together	description	30.0
H. P. Lovecraft	description	An excerpt from \
Thank You	description	Dido's \
ChEBI	description	Chemical database
Kenneth Goldsmith	description	--05-11
Three-volley salute	description	A US Army rifle party performing a three volley salute.
If I Could Only Remember My Name	description	--11-18
TreeFam	description	curated database of phylogenetic trees of animal gene families.
Sinfonietta	description	Organ arrangement: Josh Perschbacher
Gloria	description	Domine Deus for soprano, oboe and string orchestra. Courtesy of Monora.
Cocaine Blues	description	Taken from the album At Folsom Prison
Juan Bautista Comes	description	Retrobem la nostra música
Indian rock	description	Asha Bhosle's \
Walter Kollo	description	Recorded in 1917, performed by Dacapo-Lyrophon-Orchester
Siddhartha Deb	description	362.0
Roland SC-55	description	The introduction song from Sierra On-Line's Space Quest III: The Pirates of Pestulon rendered in audio using a Roland SCC-1 in MT-32 Mode
Roland SC-55	description	The introduction song from Sierra On-Line's Space Quest III: The Pirates of Pestulon rendered in audio using a Roland MT-32
Roland SC-55	description	The introduction song from Origin Systems' Ultima VI: The False Prophet rendered in audio using a Roland SCC-1 in MT-32 Emulation Mode
Roland SC-55	description	The introduction song from Origin Systems' Ultima VI: The False Prophet rendered in audio using a Roland MT-32
Over	description	A 23-second sample of the song's chorus, which includes guitars and Lohan proclaiming \
Paul Wranitzky	description	First part of the introduction.
Paul Wranitzky	description	2
Paul Wranitzky	description	57.0
Ruby Blue	description	The album's lead single, which features brass sections and a boogie rhythm.
Ruby Blue	description	The second single, a brassy baroque pop song using a metaphor of rain and harvesting.
Last Dance	description	CeCe Peniston performing live her cover version of the composition.
Alan Connor	description	recorded August 2014
BioGRID	description	BioGRID is an online biological interaction repository with data compiled through comprehensive curation efforts.
Jim Sturgess	description	Sturgess has written music related to both Crossing Over and Heartless
Bad Day	description	A sample of \
Johann Abraham Peter Schulz	description	Performed on piano by Erik Damskier, text by Hans Adolph Brorson
Super Eurobeat Presents Ayu-ro Mix	description	Remixed by Bratt Sinclaire, from Ayu-ro Mix
Songs Without Words	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Chér	description	\
Taking the Long Way	description	Dixie Chicks' \
Twice Upon a Rhyme	description	20.0
Ghosts	description	A twenty-eight second sample of Jackson's single \
Ghosts	description	The original song, it appeared as a track on the album HIStory.
Ghosts	description	The remix, it was released as a single—along with \
Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C major, BWV 564	description	U.S. Marine Band plays this piece in its entirety.
Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C major, BWV 564	description	Kerstin Wolf Playing Toccata part of BWV 564, 2013
Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C major, BWV 564	description	Kerstin Wolf Playing Adagio part of BWV 564, 2013
Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C major, BWV 564	description	Kerstin Wolf Playing Fuge part of BWV 564, 2013
Super Session	description	Sample of \
Continuum	description	An R&B-oriented ballad, the song's theme centers on a relationship on the brink of ending.
Follow Me Home	description	25.0
Back Home Again in Indiana	description	Performed by the Homestead Trio, published by Edison Records
Reactome	description	Reactome: a database of reactions, pathways and biological processes.
Last Train to Trancentral	description	A more upbeat section of the track, leading into percussive ambience.
Last Train to Trancentral	description	The same chord sequence, given the full-on \
Last Train to Trancentral	description	The distinctive string-orchestrated break.
Come In and Burn	description	30.0
What Time Is Love%3F	description	The origin 1988 acid house track.
What Time Is Love%3F	description	The \
What Time Is Love%3F	description	The hard rock/dance reworking.
9 PM	description	A six-second sample of \
The Preacher and the Slave	description	Recording of the lyrics & chords contained within this article
Gryllus campestris	description	32.0
Serenade for Strings	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples
Serenade for Strings	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Burlak	description	1902
Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son	description	Tune for Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son
From Elvis in Memphis	description	The first track on side one introduces Memphis soul, with a bass lead used for the first time on a Presley recording.
From Elvis in Memphis	description	Beginning with his American Sound recordings, soul music became a central element of Presley's stylistic fusion. The opening track of side two features lyrics full of sexual innuendo.
The Wild Colonial Boy	description	Tune for The Wild Colonial Boy
Revelations	description	The first single from Revelations, inspired by the Seattle music scene.
Destination Anywhere	description	29.0
East Syrian Rite	description	Chaldean Rite hymn attributed to Maruthas of Martyropolis.
The Shepherd on the Rock	description	Performed by Montserrat Alavedra , William McColl , and Joseph Levine
Who Knew	description	A 26-second sample of \
Castlevania: The Original Game Soundtrack	description	Part of the composition is a remix of the song \
NeuroNames	description	Comprehensive Hierarchical Nomenclature for Structures of the Primate Brain
Back to Basics	description	A 24-second sample of \
Justified & Ancient	description	The first appearance of the \
Justified & Ancient	description	The result of the song's evolution: upbeat, funky, and featuring Tammy Wynette.
Ain't No Other Man	description	\
Hanging by a Moment	description	A sample of \
This Is How We Do	description	A 22-second sample of \
I Write Sins Not Tragedies	description	30
Brian Doherty	description	Excerpt of Doherty's single, \
Brian Doherty	description	Excerpt of \
I Know There's an Answer	description	Verse and chorus of \
Oriental riff	description	A sound clip of the Oriental riff.
The Conet Project	description	\
Angel Band	description	A recording of \
The Computer Programme	description	An excerpt from The Computer Programme Computer World theme music
Ae Fond Kiss	description	The tune for Ae Fond Kiss
Close	description	An excerpt from Close
Don't Talk	description	Home recording of Wilson performing the basic chord patterns of the song on solo piano.
March	description	Drum cadences performed by the United States Navy Band
March	description	Austrian composer Johann Strauss's \
March	description	Czech composer Julius Fučík's \
March	description	John Philip Sousa's \
March	description	Henry Fillmore's \
March	description	Charles Leroux's \
March	description	Setoguchi Tokichi's \
March	description	Julian Felipe's\
Bob Dylan	description	\
Bob Dylan	description	Dylan said of \
Bob Dylan	description	As Dylan refused to replace \
Bob Dylan	description	Dylan's 1965 hit single, which appeared on the album Highway 61 Revisited. In 2004, it was chosen as the greatest song of all time by Rolling Stone magazine.
Bob Dylan	description	\
Bob Dylan	description	Dylan said of the opening song from Blood on the Tracks: \
Bob Dylan	description	Dylan took five months off at the beginning of 1979 to attend Bible school. His subsequent album Slow Train Coming reached No. 3 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and included this Grammy-winning song.
Bob Dylan	description	Dylan's Oscar-winning song was featured in the movie Wonder Boys. The line \
Who Said	description	17.0
Baby Baby	description	32.0
Lucy Moore	description	Recorded April 2013 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Front Row
Mack Daddy	description	Sir Mix-a-Lot's \
Ethereal wave	description	The clip illustrates a hard variant of the genre, based on a drumcomputer and swirling guitar patterns, comparable to the early music of the Cocteau Twins.
Ethereal wave	description	4
PROSITE	description	PROSITE, a protein domain database for functional characterization and annotation.
Satya	description	An example of Sandeep Chowta's background score.
Don't Know Why	description	Norah Jones's \
Can't Fight the Moonlight	description	A thirty second sample of Rimes's \
Quindar tones	description	The \
Johannes Hanssen	description	Played by the United States Marine Band
Wisconsin International Raceway	description	Figure 8 racing at Wisconsin International Raceway — 3.3 MB
Doll Parts	description	Love's distinctive vocals and simple composition are heavily conveyed in the album version of the song.
Enta da Stage	description	The track features a muscular, rhythmic production, drumbeats with a \
Enta da Stage	description	The track opens with Buckshot fleeing an impeding retaliation and has been described by one critic as a \
Enta da Stage	description	The track features a jazz horn sample and showcases Buckshot's raspy tone, deliberate flow, and intricate cadence.
Four Pieces for Piano, Op. 119	description	--07-04
Piano Concerto No. 25	description	Performed in 1938 by the Boyd Neel Orchestra conducted by Frederick Grinke  with Kathleen Long  on piano
Klavierbüchlein für Wilhelm Friedemann Bach	description	No. 4, Prelude in D minor, played on harpsichord
Klavierbüchlein für Wilhelm Friedemann Bach	description	Klavierbüchlein für Wilhelm Friedemann Bach No. 23, Praeludium [No. 10] is an incomplete copy , partly in the handwriting of W. F. Bach and partly in the handwriting of J. S. Bach, of the Prelude of The Well-Tempered Clavier book I, No. 8
Ordo Virtutum	description	From the Ordo Virtutum
The World Is Yours	description	The song provides one of Illmatics more optimistic narratives and contains a sample of Ahmad Jamal's \
Stoned in Love	description	Sample of Stoned in Love
Living on My Own	description	46.0
Figure 8 racing	description	Figure 8 racing at Wisconsin International Raceway — 3.3 MB
Whitney Joins The JAMs	description	This excerpt of the song is a harmonious fusion of the Shaft and Mission: Impossible themes, leading into Whitney's \
All You Need Is Love	description	The opening portion of the original version, sampling The Beatles and MC5.
All You Need Is Love	description	The opening portion of the re-edited and re-released version, in which the offending samples were doctored or replaced.
Down Town	description	A juxtaposing of ideas: Clark's awestruck ode to nightlife and the reverential gospel choir contrast with Drummond's reminder of urban decay.
The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face	description	Roberta Flack's \
Don Harper	description	An excerpt from the theme music to  World Of Sport
1nce Again	description	From the Tribe's 4th album Beats, Rhymes and Life.
Electric Relaxation	description	From the Tribe's 3rd album Midnight Marauders.
Hot Sex	description	From the motion picture soundtrack Boomerang.
Believe	description	A 15-second sample of \
Award Tour	description	From the Tribe's 3rd album Midnight Marauders.
Jazz	description	From the Tribe's 2nd album The Low End Theory.
Find a Way	description	From the Tribe's 5th album The Love Movement.
It Doesn't Have to Be	description	Sample containing the Kiswahili lyrics referred to in the article.
Drama!	description	5.5
Unfaithful	description	A 23-second sample of the chorus of \
Rock Me Gently	description	23.0
The Passions	description	An excerpt from \
Body Feels Exit	description	Body Feels Exit, Namie Amuro's solo debut single
Fire On High	description	A forward version of the start of \
Fire On High	description	A reversed version of the start of \
Claude Balbastre	description	from Pièce pour orgue pour le temps de Noël
Stressed Out	description	From the Tribe's 4th album Beats, Rhymes and Life.
Craig Walsh	description	From the album Bugaboo .
Bothy ballad	description	Tune for Barnyards of Delgaty
Fiesta Macarena	description	Los del Río's \
Bullet in the Head	description	\
Piano Sonata No. 8	description	performed by Randolph Hokanson
Piano Sonata No. 14	description	performed June 2010
Saltwater	description	30.0
LocoRoco	description	LocoRoco's soundtrack uses a fictional language created by Kouno to appeal to an international audience.
Selcall	description	Example of a CCIR-format call.
Selcall	description	Example of simulated pick up and delivery truck radio traffic using Modat unit ID.
Corvus	description	Call of Corvus brachyrhynchos
Subdivisions	description	\
Allroy Sez	description	Al Campbell compared \
Allroy's Revenge	description	\
Campaign song	description	Jackson supporters used this Battle of New Orleans anthem as their campaign song.
Campaign song	description	As used in the 1840 campaign.
Can I Kick It%3F	description	From the debut album People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm.
Bonita Applebum	description	From the debut album People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm.
I Left My Wallet in El Segundo	description	From the debut album People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm.
Check the Rhime	description	From the Tribe's 2nd album The Low End Theory.
Swanee	description	Al Jolson's hit 1920 recording.
Scenario	description	From the Tribe's 2nd album The Low End Theory.
Oh My God	description	From the Tribe's 3rd album Midnight Marauders.
Raymond Lam	description	The title song of Lam's first album of the same name.
Piano Sonata No. 28	description	Performed by Daniel Veesey. From Musopen.com.
Piano Sonata No. 28	description	Performed by Daniel Veesey.
Don't Give Up	description	14.0
Julius Weissenborn	description	Performed by Arthur Grossman, Terry Ewell, and Bruce Grainger
Iron Foundry	description	Transition from trio to coda. Performed by the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra; Riccardo Chailly, conductor
Good People	description	Sample of the song - 156KB
Syrian chant	description	The Lord's Prayer, Abûn d-ḇašmayâ, sung in Syriac
18th Dye	description	\
Todd Trainer	description	\
Common poorwill	description	A recording of a common poorwill calling in Great Basin National Park, Nevada
Ronald Greenwald	description	Ronald Greenwald's 2009 address to the Aish Partners Conference
Le prophète	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
UFO: Alien Invasion	description	The main theme of the game, composed by Manuel \
Philippe Gaubert	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Lily Allen	description	The first song released as a single, featuring ska influence and a sample of \
Lily Allen	description	A 30-second sample of Allen's \
Antonio Bazzini	description	Recorded before 1917.  Run time is 1:53
Maneater	description	Furtado describes a \
Funky Cold Medina	description	Tone Lōc's \
Keri Hilson	description	A sample of \
Engelbert Humperdinck	description	Audio sample from \
Jesus Freak	description	30.0
Hello Young Lovers	description	23.0
Güira	description	Brief sample of güira
Gratuitous Sax & Senseless Violins	description	15.0
Vocalise	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein  and Monica Goldstein
Vocalise	description	Rachmaninoff conducts his own arrangement for orchestra
Army of Sambre-et-Meuse	description	An 1870 French song about the Regiment  of Sambre-et-Meuse by Robert Planquette and Paul Cézano. Sung by Pierre d'Assy.
Out of the Moon	description	21.0
Out of the Moon	description	20.0
Maybe Tomorrow	description	18.0
Riverhead	description	18.0
Riverhead	description	24
Elton John	description	1997.0
Rabindranath Tagore	description	\
September 11 attacks	description	--09-11
List of MeSH codes	description	Medical subject headings.
So Excited	description	29
Pearl Jam	description	A sample of \
Humoresque	description	Arranged for viola and piano by Elias Goldstein, performed by Elias Goldstein  and Monica Pavel
Humoresque	description	Tchaikovsky's \
Dagoba	description	The Things Within by Dagoba from What Hell Is About Album.
Astronomy	description	The version of \
The Whiffenpoofs	description	A recording of the 2006 Whiffenpoofs singing Yale's unofficial alma mater
Aubrey Powell	description	recorded February 2014
Dalgarven Mill – Museum of Ayrshire Country Life and Costume	description	The sounds of the mechanism grinding flour.
Eight Easy Steps	description	The verse transitions into the louder hard rock chorus.
Maserati 250F	description	Maserati 250F at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Radioactivity	description	A 22-second sample of the original recording of \
List of MeSH codes	description	Medical subject headings for plants
MAINWAY	description	\
John F. Kennedy	description	--10-22
John F. Kennedy	description	John F. Kennedy's announcement of the establishment of the Peace Corps
John F. Kennedy	description	--06-10
John F. Kennedy	description	--06-26
John F. Kennedy	description	Audio-only version
John F. Kennedy	description	President Kennedy comments on the possible prevention of the Cold War
John F. Kennedy	description	--11-10
John F. Kennedy	description	Announcement by John F. Kennedy to go to the moon
John F. Kennedy	description	JFK Secret Societies speech
La Camisa Negra	description	The song's lyrics describe a lost love.
Music of Final Fantasy V	description	Short mix of \
Music of Final Fantasy V	description	Short sample of the \
Music of Final Fantasy V	description	Short mix of \
Music of Final Fantasy I and II	description	Short mix of \
Ali's Smile: Naked Scientology	description	2
Whatchulookinat	description	The lead single \
One of Those Days	description	A 25-second sample of \
The Arkansas Traveler	description	Tune for Arkansas Traveler
Romeo and Juliet	description	From the album Sawdust by The Killers.
BrainMaps	description	Interactive zoomable high-resolution digital brain atlas
Lifeforms	description	From the album Lifeforms.
Edward M. Favor	description	1894
Edward M. Favor	description	1910
Heaven's a Lie	description	\
Our Truth	description	\
Try a Little Tenderness	description	Sample of \
Second Spanish Republic	description	Two folk songs from the Spanish Civil War sung by Leon Lishner.
Fuck the Millennium	description	A fusion of Drummond and Cauty's past works, with chants of \
DictyBase	description	genome portal for the Amoebozoa.
Nord Stage	description	The Nord Stage's Farfisa Compact organ with added delay, played in the style of early Pink Floyd
Nord Stage	description	Mellotron strings on a Nord Stage 2
Nord Stage	description	The Nord Stage's Wurlitzer electric piano emulation, with phaser and tremolo effects, in a similar style to Supertramp
1000 Fires	description	An up-tempo dance track featuring heavy guitar riffs and techno influenced beat.
Delay	description	A short spoken passage, followed by the same passage processed using various delays
Delay	description	A short passage on flute, before and after the application of a multi-tap, multi-channel delay
Dolce Vita	description	An audio sample of Dolce Vita
Lyra viol	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna
Lyra viol	description	Performed by Phillip W. Serna & Christopher Burrus
Largo al factotum	description	\
Burn the Bastards	description	Drummond sings \
Tracy	description	Sample of \
Bat Out of Hell III: The Monster Is Loose	description	This clip features the beginning of the final chorus, displaying Raven's harmonies.
Nina Nastasia	description	Album version, as it appeared on Dogs
Rufous babbler	description	Calls near roost site
Three Little Kittens	description	Tune for Three Little Kittens
Magnificat	description	The Tudor Consort performs Gloria Patri part of BWV 243, 2006
Coming Home	description	\
Coming Home	description	Written in the F major key with a slow tempo of 61 bpm, \
Blue Room	description	2400.0
Cydonia	description	Clip from \
Be Our Guest	description	30.0
Electric Counterpoint	description	25.0
Monochrome	description	30.0
Roadside hawk	description	Recorded in Brazil
Trapped in a Box	description	A sample from the only single released from the album.
Déjà Vu	description	\
Portuguese orthography	description	Listen to the alphabet recited by a native speaker from Brazil. The alphabet is spoken in a Brazilian dialect in which the 'E' is pronounced as 'É' ''
Alessandro Poglietti	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Roll Tide	description	listen to a clip from the score of the 1995 film Crimson Tide.
My Way	description	Sample of Limp Bizkit's \
Tere Ghar Ke Samne	description	A sample of the song \
Papua New Guinea	description	Sample of \
Lifeforms	description	Sample of \
Slade in Flame	description	Slade's first and only #1 hit in Norway
Slade in Flame	description	Theme for Slade's film In Flame
Touch It	description	Busta Rhymes performs a \
Touch It	description	Busta Rhymes feat. Mary J. Blige, Rah Digga, Missy Elliott, Lloyd Banks, Papoose and DMX perform a remix of \
Nobody's Fools	description	The album's lead single, \
Nobody's Fools	description	Slade's last top 20 hit in the UK until 1981, \
Nobody's Fools	description	1970.0
Whatever Happened to Slade	description	Slade's first single after returning from America to the UK, where punk rock had become popular, \
Return to Base	description	The album's unsuccessful lead single, \
Return to Base	description	\
Return to Base	description	The opening track, \
We'll Bring the House Down	description	Slade's first top 10 hit in the UK since 1975
We'll Bring the House Down	description	Slade's follow up single to We'll Bring the House Down
Septet	description	Performed by the Ensemble Mediterrain
Christoph Ernst Friedrich Weyse	description	Instrumental version, performed by Erik Damskier on piano
What's My Name%3F	description	The single, produced by Norwegian producer duo StarGate, returns Rihanna to the \
Soviet Central Asia	description	By the Red Army Ensemble
Soviet Central Asia	description	By the choir and orchestra of Bolshoi Theater
Soviet Central Asia	description	By the United States Navy Band
Elias Breeskin	description	This cavatina for violin and piano  was composed by Joachim Raff and performed in 1920, violin solo by Elias Breeskin, pianoforte by Rudolph Gruen
Prezioso	description	Prezioso's italo-dance interpretation of the classic Franco Battiato hit.
Mundian To Bach Ke	description	A 22-second sample of \
Imagination	description	A sample from \
Who Do You Trust%3F	description	Johnny Carson interviews Atlanta, Georgia native, Rubye Posner in Summer 1958 - 11.3 MB
Chariots of Fire	description	Vangelis' \
Handbags and Gladrags	description	Mike d'Abo . The Mike D'Abo Collection, Vol I – Handbags and Gladrags. RPM  via iTunes
Handbags and Gladrags	description	Rod Stewart , Mike d'Abo . 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Rod Stewart, UMG  via iTunes,
Septimal minor third	description	The file plays A440, followed by 513.333 Hz, followed by both tones together.
Septimal minor third	description	The file plays A880, followed by 1026.67 Hz, followed by both tones together, followed by the implied root frequency of 586.67 Hz, a fifth below the A.
Let's Get Out of This Country	description	The album's lead single, which combines Campbell's deadpan vocals with a melodic string arrangement.
A Public Affair	description	A sample of \
A Public Affair	description	A sample of \
Christ Illusion	description	\
Saw	description	Excerpt from \
How Can You Mend a Broken Heart	description	An excerpt from the first chorus
Dawn Richard	description	The song's electronic beat exhibits several shifts in key and time signature.
Girlschool	description	This 1981 cover song was a collaboration between Girlschool and Motörhead and the most successful release for both bands at the time
Jim McCarty	description	20.0
Songs	description	Luther Vandross and Mariah Carey's \
Get Up	description	A sample of \
Gated reverb	description	\
Anne Owers	description	--03-04
Physical Therapy	description	25.0
Physical Therapy	description	25.0
Casino	description	25.0
Boogie On Reggae Woman	description	\
Good-bye Days	description	Taiyou no uta Theme Song
Good-bye Days	description	3
That Girl	description	Stevie Wonder's \
I Hear a New World	description	Sample of the album's title track.
Pomme Fritz	description	Clip from \
Peugeot 908 HDi FAP	description	2009
Raheem DeVaughn	description	\
Okie Dokie It's The Orb on Kompakt	description	Clip from \
Deep Breakfast	description	The title track for Deep Breakfast. Lynch won Billboard’s Award for Artist of the Year in his genre for this platinum album.
Deep Breakfast	description	The Oh of Pleasure written by Ray Lynch and Tom Canning from Lynch's second album Deep Breakfast. The Oh of Pleasure appears on Grand Theft Auto IV video game.
No Blue Thing	description	Evenings, Yes, an all acoustic composition from Lynch’s third album No Blue Thing.
Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening	description	From Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening - Lynch's classical album with members of the San Francisco Symphony.
Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening	description	Ivory with piano and flutes from Lynch's album Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening.
Year 3000	description	3000.0
Philip Phile	description	\
Regine Velasquez	description	1990.0
Regine Velasquez	description	Velasquez collaboration with Jacky Cheung, one of her biggest singles in Asia
Regine Velasquez	description	Contains outlandish musical effects and high vocals
Regine Velasquez	description	Velasquez first single from her album Retro with a sample of \
Regine Velasquez	description	From her album Love Was Born On Christmas Day
Regine Velasquez	description	Velasquez biggest hit in 2000
Bo Diddley beat	description	Bo Diddley's \
Dutch phonology	description	huis, 'house'
Dutch phonology	description	huizen, 'houses'
Dutch phonology	description	duif, 'dove'
Dutch phonology	description	duiven, 'doves'
LoveSound	description	A twenty-three second sample of \
SexyBack	description	A 23-second sample of Justin Timberlake's \
When the Money's Gone	description	Cher's uptempo dance cover of the song.
A Different Kind of Love Song	description	A 23-second sample of the song's chorus features Cher's heavily processed vocals over a dance-pop background.
1990s	description	1990.0
Flash flood warning	description	An example of a flash flood warning in Tennessee.
Flash flood warning	description	An example of a flash flood emergency in Tennessee.
All My Life	description	\
The Best of Both Worlds	description	A 29-second sample of Hannah Montana's \
Streets of Rage	description	\
Streets of Rage	description	\
Streets of Rage	description	\
Vesti la giubba	description	Performed by Enrico Caruso, recorded on March 17, 1907
Agharta	description	A 30-second sample featuring the \
Agharta	description	Davis' final trumpet passage from the \
Alright, Still	description	The second song released as a single, featuring a ska sample of \
President's Hundred Tab	description	In \
You're Makin' Me High	description	Toni Braxton's \
Could've Been You	description	Although somehow successful, the song neved appeared on any of Cher's greatest hits albums.
Save Up All Your Tears	description	30.0
Change the World	description	\
Change the World	description	Live from In Concert: A Benefit for the Crossroads Centre at Antigua.
Change the World	description	\
Mean Red Spiders	description	\
Jaguar XJ13	description	Jaguar XJ13 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Zimbabwe	description	Zimbabwe audio sample
All Hell's Breakin' Loose	description	A 30-second sample of the opening riff from \
Fade into You	description	Album version, as it appeared on So Tonight That I Might See
Moxy	description	\
Moxy	description	\
Moxy	description	\
Under the Lights	description	\
Ridin' High	description	Are You Ready From 1977 Album Ridin' High By Buddy Caine, Buzz Shearman
Ridin' High	description	\
Moxy V	description	\
A Tribute to Buzz Shearman	description	\
Moxy II	description	\
Moxy II	description	\
Bump n' Grind	description	R. Kelly's \
Aijuswanaseing	description	A sample of Musiq Soulchild's \
I Need You	description	The chorus of \
I Need You	description	The chorus of \
Howling Bells	description	The ominous tone of the music reflected in the song \
Howling Bells	description	The third single from Howling Bells' fourth album Heartstrings.
Howling Bells	description	Howling Bells' debut single, released in 2005 and re-released in 2007, was called \
Father and Son	description	Sample of \
Ring the Alarm	description	A sample of \
1:43	description	Controversial debut single of 1:43 released in 2010.
1:43	description	'PiNK' is a catchy song about falling in love.
1:43	description	90.0
A New Day Has Come	description	30.0
Walkin' on the Sun	description	29
Till Deaf Do Us Part	description	Slade's minor hit of 1981
Till Deaf Do Us Part	description	Slade's new opening track for live performances
God Gave Rock and Roll to You	description	The song, as recorded by Petra on their 1977 album Come and Join Us.\
God Gave Rock and Roll to You	description	Harmonizing with Paul Stanley during the bridge of \
Trip the Light Fantastic	description	30.0
Psychedelic music	description	A short sample followed by two flanging versions
Psychedelic music	description	Unprocessed organ followed by different phasing effects
Psychedelic music	description	Notice the bell-like sound
Matt Taylor	description	recorded January 2014
Physical	description	\
Physical	description	\
Physical	description	The sexual innuendos of \
Dance with Me	description	The necrophilia-themed \
Illegal	description	A 21-second sample of the chorus of \
Brainbug	description	15.0
A House Is Not a Home	description	A sample of Luther Vandross's cover of Dionne Warwick's \
Leonid Sobinov	description	La donna è mobile  performed by Leonid Sobinov
Crass	description	Reagan: \
Orange Blossom Special	description	The title song of the album was released as a single previous to the full release, peaking at number three on Billboard's Hot Country Singles.
Orange Blossom Special	description	A duet with June Carter, the song was written by Bob Dylan, who also allowed Cash to record two other of his songs for the album.
Hell on Wheels	description	A 31-second sample of Cher's \
Derek Oldham	description	Derek Oldham as Frederic in the 1920 HMV acoustic recording of Pirates
The Lost Chord	description	1913
The Lost Chord	description	--08-14
Real Life	description	25.0
Real Life	description	23.0
Catch You	description	30.0
Dreams	description	23.0
Unforgettable	description	Natalie Cole and Nat King Cole's \
Unforgettable	description	Nat King Cole's \
Guns Don't Kill People Rappers Do	description	30.0
Anton Stamitz	description	Both pieces are from Eight Caprices by A. Stamitz featuring Kristina Martincová on flute
Smile	description	A 30-second sample of \
Musique mesurée	description	The chorus and beginning of the verse by Claude Le Jeune.
Amos Alonzo Stagg High School	description	MIDI sequenced by Christian Ponte — 21 KB
Jack Judge	description	It's a Long Way to Tipperary, performed by Albert Farrington
Every Little Movement	description	Chorus of the song
Ain't We Got Fun	description	Recorded by Billy Jones in 1921 for Edison Records.
Eye liner	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski receiving eye liner from make-up artist Samuel Paul for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond	description	1917
The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond	description	Runrig perform the song live in 1999.
The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond	description	The Nyzonza Singers' rendition of the song as heard in The Last King of Scotland
The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond	description	A part-song version arranged for TTBB choir by Vaughan Williams
I Don't Need a Man	description	An 23-second sample of the chorus of \
Trophy Truck	description	7.0
Cello Sonatas Nos. 1 and 2	description	Performed by John Michel
Rumors	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus features Lohan singing that she is \
Inon Zur	description	A sound clip from Crysis
Meneely Bell Foundry	description	A Mighty Fortress Is Our God on the Meneely Bell Foundry  bell set at St. Matthew's German Evangelical Lutheran Church in Charleston, South Carolina
My Boo	description	\
Kevin Calabro	description	Example of Kevin Calabro's distinctive voice and play-by-play style, from 2006
Thurgood	description	Video commemorating Thurgood Marshall's life with the screening of Thurgood, a play starring Laurence Fishburne at the White House as part of Black History Month 2011. The Video discusses Marshall's life and legacy.
Thurgood	description	audio only version
Blow the Man Down	description	Tune for Blow the Man Down
Every Heartbeat	description	30.0
Crossing Brooklyn Ferry	description	--05-11
Vuvuzela	description	A standard short  vuvuzela plays a single B note.
Vuvuzela	description	Voice of America report on the impact of vuvuzelas at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
LDN	description	20.0
Brahms' Lullaby	description	From a music box
Brahms' Lullaby	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
You're the Cream in My Coffee	description	1928
Berakhot	description	A dramatized cantorial musical rendition of the last passage of Berakhot, which describes how Jewish scholars increase peace. Sung by Cantor Meyer Kanewsky in 1919.
Jihad	description	Slayer enters \
Tell Me	description	24.0
The Blizzards	description	From Domino Effect
The Blizzards	description	From A Public Display of Affection
Night Ripper	description	A 27-second clip from the album's opening track \
The Mission	description	From The Mission soundtrack by Ennio Morricone
The Makings of Me	description	Monica's top twenty hit, influenced by snap music with R&B-driven hip-hop.
The Makings of Me	description	Monica's second single which contains an \
Wart-biter	description	30.0
Look Away	description	25
1964 Brazilian coup d'état	description	--03-31
Majida El Roumi	description	Sample From Al Hobb Wal Wafaa  for Majida El Roumi with an oriental pitch in a hard melismas interval.
Manhattan Boogie-Woogie	description	An excerpt from It's Not My Real Name
Manhattan Boogie-Woogie	description	An excerpt from Eastern Girls excerpt
 Queens of the Stone Age	description	Fatso Forgotso audio sample
Play with Fire	description	A sample of song's chorus, backed by synth beats.
Landscape	description	An excerpt from Japan
Landscape	description	An excerpt from Sonja Henie
Still in Love with You	description	A 22-second sample of the song, where the No Angels sing over a \
When Your Heart Stops Beating	description	This sample of \
Orchestral suites	description	from Suite No. 2 in B minor
Orchestral suites	description	performed by the United States Air Force Band Strings
John Joseph Woods	description	God Defend New Zealand, in an instrumental version performed by the US Navy Band
Maurizio De Jorio	description	\
I'll Make a Man Out of You	description	A twenty-nine second sample of \
Bianca Ryan	description	11
Holden Commodore	description	VXR8 Bathurst S at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Iphigénie en Aulide	description	Composed by Christoph Willibald Gluck , arranged by Felix Mottl , conducted by Leo Blech , performed in 1927 by Berliner Staatskapelle
Paride ed Elena	description	Performed in 1935, lyrics by Ranieri de' Calzabigi, conducted by Dino Olivieri, performed by Beniamino Gigli and orchestra members of La Scala, Milan
Tribute to a Bus	description	\
Overture di Ballo	description	Overture di Ballo, in a military band arrangement, performed by United States Marine Band.
Seventeen Come Sunday	description	A United States Navy Band Sea Chanters ensemble rendition of the 1912 Percy Grainger version of \
Vasily Agapkin	description	Agapkin's \
The Kiss	description	Barče's Lark Song from Act II of the opera; singer Bronislava Tomanova, piano Veronika Ptackova
The Sweet Trinity	description	One variant of \
Gregory C. Coleman	description	Originally used on Amen, Brother by The Winstons.
Alright	description	24
Études-Tableaux, Op. 39	description	Karine Gilanyan performing Étude-Tableau No. 5 in E-flat minor, Op. 39, No. 5  . Courtesy of Musopen
Big Bang	description	Big Bang took a new direction with the release of their song \
Big Bang	description	\
Big Bang	description	One of their earliest singles released, \
Big Bang	description	Although their roots are tied with hip-hop music, Big Bang recorded the rock based song \
King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown	description	King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown audio sample
No Me Queda Más	description	20
Bidi Bidi Bom Bom	description	20.0
Acoustic guitar	description	Spanish Romance.
Acoustic guitar	description	An example of the sounds an acoustic guitar can create through vibration of its strings. This guitar uses steel strings.
Francesco Rognoni Taeggio	description	From Selva di Varie passaggi second l’uso modern . Accompaniment arranged for viol consort and performed by Phillip W. Serna.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone	description	A selection from the iconic \
The Greencards	description	Sample of \
The Greencards	description	Sample of \
Chamber pop	description	Described as \
Chamber pop	description	Billboards Chris Morris wrote that this debut single by Hayes made \
He Lives in You	description	Shorter version of \
He Lives in You	description	Reprise of \
Iranian hip hop	description	A sample of the song Zamin Safe by Zedbazi.
Iranian hip hop	description	A sample of Nemitooni Band Koni Paamo Be Zamin  by Erfan.
Polish Requiem	description	Sample of the final movement
Speckled bush-cricket	description	27.0
All Tomorrow's Parties	description	The sixth track from The Velvet Underground & Nico, featuring Nico's double-tracked lead vocals. This sample contains the beginning of the third verse.
My Truth	description	A sample of the lead single \
My Truth	description	A sample of \
Robyn	description	The song was a chart hit in several countries, and it is composed in the key of D major, and is set in common time.
Daughters	description	John Mayer's \
Green Island Serenade	description	A short clip of an early recording of \
The Headphone Masterpiece	description	A 20-second sample of the song, Chesnutt's ode to infidelity.
Rupert D'Oyly Carte	description	George Baker singing the Major-General's Song from the company's 1929 recording of Pirates, conducted by Malcolm Sargent
Tenting on the Old Camp Ground	description	Walter Kittredge's \
Hellfire	description	30.0
Robert Samut	description	Robert Samut's instrumental version of \
Hail Smiling Morn	description	A cappella performance by the Edison Quartet, 1904
Get Me Bodied	description	A sample of \
Acoustic Hearts of Winter	description	A sample of \
Acoustic Hearts of Winter	description	\
Izzo	description	A 24-second sample of \
Ciara: The Evolution	description	A sample of \
Balls to the Wall	description	\
McLaren F1 GTR	description	McLaren-BMW F1 GTR at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Hoover	description	Sample of Hoover's speech
Stephen Christian	description	\
Pink Tape	description	A sample of f's \
Meg & Dia	description	A sample of \
Meg & Dia	description	A sample of \
Simple Kind of Life	description	The song transitions into a more complex harmony in the chorus.
Four Freedoms Monument	description	--01-06
Play That Song	description	A 21-second sample of the lead single \
Festival of the Lion King	description	Clip from \
From the Tea-rooms of Mars ....	description	An excerpt from Einstein A Go-Go
From the Tea-rooms of Mars ....	description	An excerpt from Norman Bates
Valentina Matviyenko	description	recorded October 2004
Hurt	description	A 28-second sample of \
Duotones	description	Sample from Kenny G's \
Pacifier	description	30.0
An Audio Guide to Everyday Atrocity	description	30.0
Violence	description	30.0
Skeletons	description	30.0
Bill Deasy	description	Deasy performing the title track from his debut recording with The Gathering Field.
Lonely Days	description	An excerpt from the first chorus
Radiodread	description	Karma Police audio sample
My Melancholy Baby	description	Sung by Walter Van Brunt in 1915.
Voice-over translation	description	40.0
String Quartets	description	Performed by the Carmel Quartet, with soprano Rona Israel-Kolatt, in 2007
Illmatic	description	The intro is an aural montage depicting Nas's background and contains samples of the 1982 film Wild Style and Main Source's 1991 song \
Illmatic	description	The album's opening song has a dark, jazzy sound and recounts Nas's participation in gang violence and his philosophy on his dangerous environment and lifestyle.
Illmatic	description	The song was produced by rapper Q-Tip, who also provided backing vocals. It is composed as a series of letters to Nas's jailed comrades detailing life events that occurred after the receivers' imprisonment.
Illmatic	description	The track contains braggadocio rhymes by Nas and samples Michael Jackson's 1983 song \
Slow Children	description	An excerpt from Staring At The Ceiling
Rodrigo	description	The title-track of Bueno's 1996 album. The popularity of the recordings propelled Bueno to achieve national fame in Argentina.
Rodrigo	description	Part of the album A 2000, the song was performed by Bueno during his concerts at the Luna Park
I'll Never Fall in Love Again	description	Version by Bradley Joseph.
Antonio Scotti	description	1907
Antonio Scotti	description	Rigoletto: 1907 Victor recording with Antonio Scotti, Enrico Caruso, Bessie Abott, and Louise Homer
Susan Ann Sulley	description	Sulley tells the story of her recruitment into band in 1980. Interview clip recorded 10/04/2009
Come Back to Me	description	A 17-second sample of \
Culture of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints	description	composed by Naomi Ward Randall in 1957. Sung by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in 2005.
National Grandparents Day	description	Sample of A Song for Grandma and Grandpa.
Secret	description	25.0
The Force: Behind the Line	description	21.0
What a Fool Believes	description	The Doobie Brothers' \
Easy	description	A 24-second sample of the second verse of \
Domesticated guineafowl	description	Vocalizations of two female domesticated guineafowl
Viktor Sadovnichiy	description	recorded February 2006
List of whale vocalizations	description	Recorded in the Atlantic
List of whale vocalizations	description	Recorded in North Eastern Pacific
List of whale vocalizations	description	Recorded in the South Pacific
List of whale vocalizations	description	Recorded in the West Pacific
List of whale vocalizations	description	Recording of Humpback Whales singing and Clicking.
List of whale vocalizations	description	Recorded by the National Park Service, using a hydrophone that is anchored near the mouth of Glacier Bay, Alaska for the purpose of monitoring ambient noise.
List of whale vocalizations	description	Made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Awaz	description	Oh Girl, from the album Awaz, with lyrics written in both English and Urdu.
Awaz	description	Mein Bhi Pakistan, Awaz's song from their second studio album Jadoo Ka Charagh. The song is based on a poem written by Sehba Akhtar.
Awaz	description	Jaanay Kaun Thi Haseena, Awaz's song from their debut studio album Awaz. The single was plagiarised as a soundtrack of the Bollywood movie Sanam Harjai by music directed by Usha Khanna.
Pick Up the Pieces	description	Average White Band's \
LMMS	description	A short chiptune-style music sample created with LMMS, demonstrating the abilities of the program's MOS Technology SID emulator.
There's a Home	description	32.0
There's a Home	description	30.0
Home Cookin'	description	35.0
Growling	description	A growl from an alligator
Mmm, Mmm, Mmm	description	35.0
Mercer	description	7.4
In the Absence of Truth	description	\
Guitar synthesizer	description	Guitar fret = 440Hz
Jaws	description	The main theme for Jaws, revolving around an ostinato of bass notes, which composer John Williams said were meant to represent the shark as an \
GE Marc V	description	Hear a simulated GE Marc V call as it would sound from a mobile, .
Tube trumpet	description	Demonstration of hosaphone: Prince of Denmark's March
My Father My King	description	This sample  illustrates the first basic melody line from Avinu Malkeinu, and shows how the melody continues as the first distorted guitar is introduced.
My Love	description	The music of \
Spiccato	description	A perpetuum mobile for cello and piano by David Popper, consisting of continuous spiccato; Hans Goldstein  and Mellicia Straaf .
Bradley Joseph	description	\
Bradley Joseph	description	An arrangement \
Bradley Joseph	description	\
Bradley Joseph	description	From Solo Journey, this song \
Bradley Joseph	description	A solo piano composition from The Journey Continues in which Joseph \
Bradley Joseph	description	From One Deep Breath, \
Bradley Joseph	description	Bill Binkelman of Wind and Wire describes this song as \
Bradley Joseph	description	Binkelman opines that \
Bradley Joseph	description	\
Be ye men of valour	description	The original radio broadcast from the British Broadcasting Company of the speech delivered by Winston Churchill during World War II.
It's All Coming Back to Me Now	description	This sample features some of the guitar mid-section, along with Elaine Caswell's vocals.
It's All Coming Back to Me Now	description	This extract from near the beginning of the song shows Dion's vocals, Bittan's grand piano, and the use of backing vocals.
It's All Coming Back to Me Now	description	This clip features the beginning of the final chorus, displaying Raven's harmonies.
A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld	description	This excerpt is from the \
Irreplaceable	description	A 22-second sample of \
Der Hölle Rache kocht in meinem Herzen	description	Sandra Partridge, Siam Philharmonic Orchestra, Trisdee na Patalung conducting; live recording from the Thailand Cultural Centre
Songs My Mother Taught Me	description	Composed in 1880 by Antonin Dvorák , text by Adolf Heyduk , performed by Australian singer Nellie Melba  in 1916.  This is sung in English.
Into Dust	description	Album version, as it appeared on So Tonight That I Might See
Fergalicious	description	A 30-second sample of the interlude of \
Major Lance	description	Monkey Time was Major Lance's first successful hit song, and became Okeh's first hit single for 10 years.
Slow Down Baby	description	A 21-second sample of \
Dragon Ball Z: Original USA Television Soundtrack	description	30.0
Listen	description	A 22-second sample of the chorus of \
Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture	description	A sample of the song \
Elvis Is Back!	description	The second track of the album presents Presley closely following Peggy Lee's version of the song
Elvis Is Back!	description	Closing the album, Presley covers Lowell Fulson's song
Randy Resnick	description	\
Randy Resnick	description	\
UVB-76	description	A short clip of UVB-76's transmission as heard in Southern Finland, 860 km  away from the station in 2002.
Con te partirò	description	Sample of Time to Say Goodbye, sung by Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman.
Only Shallow	description	\
Musick to Play in the Dark Vol. 1	description	Sample of \
Celestial	description	RBD's second major hit single worldwide.
Stump speech	description	A blackface stump speech by the American Quartet, 1902
Munich Information Center for Protein Sequences	description	: curated databases and comprehensive secondary data resources
The Obvious Child	description	The song is based around the rhythm of drumming by Olodum, which was recorded live in the streets of Pelourinho Square of Salvador, Brazil.
And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going	description	Performed by Jennifer Holliday on the original Dreamgirls Broadway cast album in 1982
And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going	description	Performed by Jennifer Hudson .
The Ape of Naples	description	Sample of \
Let's Impeach the President	description	This sample shows the use of audio recordings of George W Bush in the song.
Slow Jamz	description	\
Down by the Salley Gardens	description	Performed by Dancing Willow
ZINC database	description	Chemical database
To All the Girls I've Loved Before	description	Julio Iglesias and Willie Nelson's \
Rock Steady	description	A 20-second sample of All Saints' \
Black Antlers	description	Sample of \
Theme from Shaft	description	Single version of \
Christmas Concerto	description	All performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Born Again Pagans	description	Sample of \
Étude Op. 10, No. 5	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 2094KB
Don't Say You Love Me	description	The lyrics tell a girl's date she's not ready to hear \
Nina Girado	description	Girado's first number-one single which earned her the Best New Artist award on both Awit Awards and MTV Pilipinas Music Awards.
Nina Girado	description	Girado is popular for her use of melisma, vocal belting and whistle register in one of her notable singles, \
Nina Girado	description	One song that is known for having Girado's highest recorded vocal register in full chest voice, a sustained G♯5.
Ekla Chalo Re	description	\
Go!	description	From Be
Little Willie Littlefield	description	An audio sample of \
All of Me	description	1931
BioModels Database	description	A repository for storing, exchanging and retrieving computational models of biological interest.
Fiesta	description	R. Kelly's \
Valentyne Suite	description	30.0
Apply Some Pressure	description	30.0
Kirsten Bråten Berg	description	Kirsten Bråten Berg, accompanied by Ale Møller.
A Weekend in the City	description	Industrial rhythms, complex drumming patterns, and layered vocals were used in \
Honky Tonk Heroes	description	During the 1972 Dripping Springs Reunion concert, Billy Joe Shaver impressed Jennings with the song
Honky Tonk Heroes	description	The song that entitled the album, was written by Shaver.
You're Not Singing Any More	description	The chants are sung to the Welsh hymn
Guitar Solos	description	30.0
Chariots of Fire	description	Vangelis' \
Rollin' and Tumblin'	description	Cream's version from their 1966 debut album, Fresh Cream.
Nur Ali Elahi	description	An excerpt from a track on the CD Destinations
Nur Ali Elahi	description	An excerpt from a track on the CD The Celestial Music of Ostad Elahi
Jeremy Bowen	description	--11-11
Lim Jeong-hyun	description	30.0
Rapture	description	\
Rapture	description	An arrangement \
Rapture	description	\
Rapture	description	Named for a city park in Willmar, Minnesota.
EuroBasket 2011	description	Official EuroBasket 2011 song
Solo Journey	description	A composition that, \
Solo Journey	description	A simple, straightforward melody with a gentle rhythm, states Kathy Parsons of Wind and Wire Magazine.
One Deep Breath	description	\
One Deep Breath	description	The title track, \
Francisco José Debali	description	Debali's \
Francisco José Debali	description	Debali's \
The Journey Continues	description	Joseph uses a chord progression that translates into a strolling rhythm, states Michael Debbage of Wind and Wire Magazine.
The Journey Continues	description	In this song, Joseph once again uses a slower cadence that brings to mind a \
The Journey Continues	description	A \
Live at the Acropolis	description	\
Live at the Acropolis	description	This composition \
Live at the Acropolis	description	At the 1993 Acropolis concert, Yanni dedicated \
Northern Sky	description	\
Original Sin	description	Sample features the guitar middle section, and some of Elaine Caswell's vocals.
Optimystique	description	Early in his career Yanni focused heavily on the electronic side of music.
Greenland Whale Fisheries	description	Tune for Greenland Fisheries
Tribute	description	Title track from the album Tribute
I treni di Tozeur	description	The duet section of a song participating in the Eurovision Song Contest based on Mozart's The Magic Flute.
I treni di Tozeur	description	Part from Mozart's The Magic Flute, the actual quote being the second phrase.
I treni di Tozeur	description	The quote directly taken from The Magic Flute, \
Handbra	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski  does handbra during confetti shower for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Juice	description	Newton remade the 1968 Merrilee Rush hit at the suggestion of Steve Meyer, who promoted Capitol Records product to radio stations and felt it would be a strong candidate to attain airplay for Newton.
Glory Road	description	a representative sample of the distinctive style of the album – 545 KB
Old Time Rock and Roll	description	Bob Seger's \
Good Morning Revival	description	A 30-second sample of \
Good Morning Revival	description	A sample of \
Shen Khar Venakhi	description	Shen Khar Venakhi sung by a Georgian choir
Sooner or Later	description	A sample from \
Yellow-collared lovebird	description	Recording of the blue masked lovebird variety.
Temptations	description	The bassline is sampled from the Zapp song \
I Remember You	description	Yui's 6th single, \
Peter Quince at the Clavier	description	A poem from the Harmonium collection
The Walls	description	From the 2005 album \
Phonological history of English diphthongs	description	Examples of the coil–curl merger in the words \
Rebels	description	A 30-second sample of the song features the band singing over a latin pop influenced background.
Summertime	description	DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince's \
Waiting on the World to Change	description	From the album Continuum. This clip includes the final chorus after the bridge.
Naughty Girl	description	A sample of \
Holberg Suite	description	Performed by a computer/synthesizer.
Glamorous	description	A 22-second sample of \
Solomon	description	performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Humbert Lucarelli and Edino Biaggi on oboes.
Robotic voice effects	description	Classic example of a singing vocoded voice.
Andrei Fursenko	description	recorded February 2013
Merry Xmas Everybody	description	\
New Orleans blues	description	Guitar Slim's \
Es ist ein Ros entsprungen	description	Performed by the chorus of the U.S. Army Band, c. 2010
Ihr Kinderlein, kommet	description	Performed in 2008, instrumental only
Ferrari 126C	description	Ferrari 126C4/M2 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Gravity	description	30.0
Jukti Takko Aar Gappo	description	Nilkantha Bagachi  is talking to Shatrujit Basu . In this scene Bagchi is narrating that his life is wasted .
Songbird	description	13.0
What Goes Around... Comes Around	description	A sample of \
Lovin' You	description	The intro and first verse  from Lovin' You  by Minnie Riperton.
Fred Sullivan	description	A 1913 recording of \
Mrs. Robinson	description	The song contains a famous reference to baseball player Joe DiMaggio.
Littlest Things	description	A sample of \
Selective calling	description	Example of a CCIR-format call.
Selective calling	description	Single tone or tone burst selective calling audio example.
Selective calling	description	Example of DTMF used as push-to-talk ID on a two-way radio system.
Selective calling	description	Sound of a two-tone sequential dial up paging terminal.
Selective calling	description	Two Quik-Call I sequences.
Selective calling	description	leading push-to-talk ID with data muting.
Selective calling	description	leading push-to-talk ID without data muting.
Selective calling	description	Example of pick up and delivery truck radio traffic using Modat unit ID.
MDC-1200	description	leading push-to-talk ID with data muting.
MDC-1200	description	leading push-to-talk ID without data muting.
Rosamunde	description	The \
Leona Lewis	description	The song features a church organ and synthesised strings prominently, and intermittently integrates wood block percussion throughout the track. A heavy, distorted marching band-like drum loop backs the song.
Leona Lewis	description	\
Emre Aydın	description	The song gives a clear picture about the melancholic style of the Afili Yalnızlık album and the concept of loneliness it is built upon.
The Orb	description	Clip from The Orb's \
The Orb	description	Clip from The Orb's \
The Orb	description	Clip from The Orb's near 40-minute version of \
The Orb	description	Featuring rapping by MC Soom-T, \
The Orb	description	Clip from \
Coquí	description	Shared by El Cloquido
That's That	description	Music played during the bathroom scene between 04:47-05:14. Additional scenario voice \
Five Finger Death Punch	description	Amy Sciarretto of Loudwire wrote that the title track of Five Finger Death Punch's album American Capitalist \
Netpath	description	curated signal transduction pathways.
Symphonic Sketches	description	First movement, from George Whitefield Chadwick's Symphonic Sketches, played by the U.S. Marine Band for the album Director's Choice.  Composed 1904, performed 1995
Dreaming My Dreams	description	The album's hit single topped Billboard's Hot Country Songs
Dia Frampton	description	21.0
Sara Martin	description	\
Sara Martin	description	\
Romance	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Assembly	description	Assembly played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Amar Sin Mentiras	description	Sample of the first single \
Amar Sin Mentiras	description	Sample of \
Toreador Song	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Toreador Song	description	Pasquale Amato's 1911 rendition recorded in Camden, New Jersey.
Toreador Song	description	Recorded in Berlin in 1929, featuring Finnish opera singer , the Staatskapelle Berlin, and conductor .
Supercharger	description	1934
How Great Thou Art	description	Yolanda Adams performs \
How Great Thou Art	description	audio only file
I'm Goin' Down	description	\
Recall	description	Recall played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Twelve Variations on %22Ah vous dirai-je, Maman%22	description	Live performance by
Street organ	description	--05-23
Rognaldsvåg	description	Man from Rognaldsvåg, without place names
Rognaldsvåg	description	Man from Rognaldsvåg, with place names
Upgrade U	description	A 28-second sample of \
Wild Mountain Thyme	description	\
Martin Luther	description	The German text of Ein feste Burg  sung to the isometric, more widely known arrangement of its traditional melody.
Pakito	description	24.0
Infinity on High	description	This sample of the song demonstrates the track's hip-hop and funk influences. It also features a repeating guitar riff throughout. The group's \
Infinity on High	description	This clip highlights Stump's evolved vocal style, which was considered to be reminiscent of R&B and soul music. This was one of the two Babyface-produced tracks from the album.
The Pizza Tapes	description	\
Dreaming of You	description	Music critics praised the balladary and its lyrical content and believed it paralleled earlier works by American musicians Madonna and Paula Abdul.
Violin Sonata No. 2	description	Performed by Carrie Rehkopf
Violin Sonata No. 1	description	Performed by Carrie Rehkopf
People Get Ready	description	20.0
Born to Be My Baby	description	28.0
Bad Medicine	description	30.0
Party	description	1980.0
History of drum and bass	description	30.0
History of drum and bass	description	Shortly after midnight on New Years Day, 1994, MC Conrad referred to the style of music LTJ Bukem was playing as both \
EM Data Bank	description	Unified Data Resource for CryoEM.
Presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Sample of the Inaugural speech from FDR
Presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Franklin Delano Roosevelt's January 6, 1941 State of the Union Address introducing the theme of the Four Freedoms
Juan Bautista Cabanilles	description	Notice the gradual entry of the voices — alto, tenor, bass and soprano — each using the same theme, a form which pre-empts the later fugue form, the ensemble being treated like a quartet.
Juan Bautista Cabanilles	description	La Gloria Musical del Barroco Valenciano
An Online Odyssey	description	20
Entity Paradigm	description	Hamein Aazma, Entity Paradigm's single from their critical acclaimed debut studio album Irtiqa . The single originally featured as a soundtrack for a television comedy sitcom Jutt and Bond aired by Indus Vision.
Entity Paradigm	description	Waqt, Entity Paradigm's single from their critical acclaimed debut studio album Irtiqa . The single topped all local charts and also charted at top in India.
Flow, my tears	description	live performance
2006 Oaxaca protests	description	An audio language translation of a communiqué critical of Mexico’s government officials and in support of the protests.
DNA Data Bank of Japan	description	Japanese DNA data bank
Metronomy	description	\
Eyes of the Insane	description	A sample from \
Aarni	description	Sample of \
Culoepuya	description	30.0
C'est peut-être pas l'Amérique	description	Song excerpt
Anatoly Lukyanov	description	Fragment of the interview recorded at 08.06.2012 by \
Take It Easy	description	The second verse of the Eagles' recording with Glenn Frey on lead vocals. Randy Meisner sings harmony at the beginning, with the rest of the band joining in towards the end of this clip.
Oral Fixation, Vol. 1 & 2	description	Sample of Shakira's \
Oral Fixation, Vol. 1 & 2	description	A sample of \
Van der Graaf Generator	description	This track, from The Least We Can Do Is Wave to Each Other, features Peter Hammill's voice with electronic distortion.
Van der Graaf Generator	description	This song was the last track on Godbluff. As well as the extract here, the song included a section of cha-cha-cha and a lengthy instrumental jam.
Van der Graaf Generator	description	From the 1976 album Still Life
Scarface	description	A sample of the song \
La cumparsita	description	Created by Gerardo Matos Rodríguez, and arranged by Roberto Firpo
Never Too Much	description	A sample of Luther Vandross's cover of Dionne Warwick's \
Give Me the Reason	description	Luther Vandross' \
Cordilleran flycatcher	description	A position note from a Cordilleran flycatcher in the Black Hills of South Dakota
First call	description	First call played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
In My Country There Is Problem	description	25.0
Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano
Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2	description	240.0
Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2	description	An orchestrated version performed by the United States Navy Band's Concert Band
Ebi	description	A 29-second preview of Ebi's \
Paralympic symbols	description	Approved by the IPC in March 1996
Have a Nice Day	description	A 22-second sample of \
Not Ready to Make Nice	description	Dixie Chicks' \
Nulla in mundo pax sincera	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with soprano Cristina Piccardi
Alte Kameraden	description	recorded c. 1905–10
Boar's Head Carol	description	The tune for A Carol Brynging in the Bore's Heed
Boar's Head Carol	description	A multitrack recording of The Boar's Head Carol
Nadia Ali	description	\
Heligoland	description	Paradise Circus feat Hope Sandoval
For LP Fans Only	description	Presley's very first recording was included on this album.
Egmont	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Pureness	description	A 30-second sample of \
Kizuna	description	A 30-second sample of \
Mythmaker	description	\
Hello	description	A 30-second sample of the first chorus of \
Ai no Tame ni.	description	A 30-second sample of the second chorus of \
Bourrée in E minor	description	Performed on a lautenwerck by Martha Goldstein
Bourrée in E minor	description	Performed on an organ
Benjamin Speed	description	Song by Benjamin Speed from The New Pollutants album Hygene Atoms
We Have Explosive	description	1.0
We Have Explosive	description	4.0
He Said She Said	description	\
Kekal	description	--02-15
Kekal	description	\
Kekal	description	One of the more popular songs from Kekal's album The Habit of Fire, which received high praise from Sound on Sound magazine for its production quality.
Ain't Nobody's Business	description	by Sara Martin, with Fats Waller on piano
Bat Out of Hell	description	This sample features the beginning of the chorus.
Give It All	description	A seventeen second sample of the Siren Songs of the Counter Culture version's chorus.
Good Girl Gone Bad	description	\
Good Girl Gone Bad	description	A sample of \
Sea of Dreams	description	A 28-second sample of the final chorus of \
Namae no Nai Sora o Miagete	description	A 27-second sample of the final chorus of \
Luv Parade—Color of Life	description	A 28-second sample of the second chorus and bridge of \
Luv Parade—Color of Life	description	A 29-second sample of the final chorus of \
Yes! I Am a Long Way from Home	description	Sample of \
The Glen	description	This composition by Bradley Joseph is not included on any of his original albums.
Give It to Me	description	A 17-second sample of the chorus of \
Headstrong	description	A 24-second sample of \
My Only Wish	description	A 25-second sample of the song's chorus features Spears singing about her only wish.
Vinson Valega	description	from Biophilia, rec. June 2009.
Vinson Valega	description	from Awake, rec. May 2005.
Vinson Valega	description	from Consilience, rec. August 2002.
Vinson Valega	description	from Live@147, rec. July 1998.
The Rhythm Boys	description	The Rhythm Boys scat together at first, then each member has a solo: Harry Barris, Al Rinker, and Bing Crosby.
Tim McGraw	description	A 23-second audio sample of Taylor Swift's \
Here I Come	description	120.0
Ayu Tsukimiya	description	The original version of \
With U	description	28.0
Andrew Hussey	description	Recorded November 2008 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Start the Week
Nostromo	description	Broadcast on many BBC radio stations at the end of each hour.
Blink-182	description	The group expanded its sound later in its career. \
Blood on Blood	description	30.0
Hello Zepp	description	Excerpt from \
Faith	description	30.0
One Heart	description	30.0
Sadcore	description	21.0
I'm Alive	description	30.0
String Quintet No. 4	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein, Elizabeth Choi, violins; Elias Goldstein, Sally Chisholm, violas; Jocelyn Butler, cello
Sober	description	A 29-second sample features Clarkson singing \
Here We Come A-wassailing	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus.
The Sweet Escape	description	The song includes components of doo-wop music.
Minutes to Midnight	description	16
Minutes to Midnight	description	30
Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I	description	Stevie Wonder's \
Mi Tierra	description	A 27-second sample of \
Mi Tierra	description	A 27-second sample of \
Beautiful Liar	description	An 18-second sample of \
Somewhere Else	description	A sample of the chorus section of \
Somewhere Else	description	A sample of the chorus section of \
The River	description	A 30-second sample of \
The Fleischmann's Yeast Hour	description	The Fleischmann's Yeast Hour's theme song for many years, as recorded by Rudy Vallée & His Connecticut Yankees in 1929
Ms. Kelly	description	Rowland's first solo release in four years scored moderate success on international territories.
Ms. Kelly	description	The album's second international single received greater success than the lead single but was not released stateside.
Eusèbe Jaojoby	description	1970.0
Eusèbe Jaojoby	description	Title track from Velono
Johnny and the Hurricanes	description	25.0
Richard Shaw Brown	description	Sample of \
Dreamgirls: Original Broadway Cast Album	description	Recorded by Jennifer Holliday, from Dreamgirls
Silver Machine	description	28.0
C'est Chic	description	Chic's \
Love Will Keep Us Together	description	Captain & Tennille's \
Ron Wasserman	description	30.0
English language	description	An example of an Essex male with a working-class Estuary accent
English language	description	An example of a Scottish male with a middle-class Renfrewshire accent
Heart Full of Soul	description	excerpt with guitar
Ernst Anschütz	description	performed by Kevin MacLeod
The Carnival Is Over	description	The original Russian folksong performed by Feodor Chaliapin
The Tudor Consort	description	Recorded live in Borja, Spain in October 2005''
The Tudor Consort	description	Recorded live in Madonna dei Monti, Rome, in November 2005''
The Tudor Consort	description	Recorded live in 2003''
In Rainbows	description	\
In Rainbows	description	In \
With Love	description	A 17-second sample of the song's chorus features Duff singing over an electropop influenced background.
Take It to the Limit	description	The climax of the song as performed by Randy Meisner in a concert in 1976 . Meisner was concerned about not hitting the high notes, and his reluctance to sing the song led to disputes and eventually his departure from the band.
Afili Yalnızlık	description	The song gives a clear picture about the melancholic style of the album and the concept of loneliness it is built upon
Jordan	description	First two bars of \
Bavarian Fruit Bread	description	\
Bavarian Fruit Bread	description	Described as a \
Labour of Love II	description	Kingston Town audio sample
Roland U-20	description	A collection of traditional Christmas music performed by James D. Blodget on a Roland U-20 synthesizer, demonstrating many of its sounds.
Ginés Pérez de la Parra	description	Retrobem la nostra música
Moving	description	A sample of the final chorus and coda.
Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are	description	The end of the verse leading into the chorus, with the title line.
Rolling Star	description	YUI's 7th Single, \
Never Say Goodbye	description	28.0
PHI-base	description	Pathogen-Host Interaction database
Johann Erasmus Kindermann	description	Performed by Ulrich Metzner
Comtessa de Dia	description	The only existing song by a trobairitz which survives with music.
Winter Songs	description	An audio sample from \
Beach House	description	Sample of the song \
Beach House	description	Sample of the song \
Kemani Tatyos Ekserciyan	description	18.0
Candyman	description	A 20-second sample of \
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis	description	velcro crackles on auscultation in a patient with IPF
Harvest	description	Harvest's song reached No. 8 in 1983.
Eroica Variations	description	1336.0
Untouchable Sound	description	Live performance of \
Arpeggione Sonata	description	Performed by Hans Goldstein  and Clinton Adams
Arpeggione Sonata	description	Performed by Elias Goldstein  with the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Aston Martin DBR1	description	Aston Martin DBR1 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Baggariddim	description	The King Step Mk.1 audio sample
Hollywood	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
I Want Some	description	\
The Riddle Song	description	One version of the Riddle Song.
Wee Cooper O'Fife	description	Tune for Wee Cooper o' Fife
Why Does It Hurt So Bad	description	A 27-second sample from Whitney Houston's \
My Heart Is Calling	description	A 24-second sample of \
Yury Skuratov	description	recorded September 2012
Burial	description	An excerpt from 'Ghost Hardware', demonstrating Burial's use of crackle, shuffle, and manipulated vocal samples.
One Little Victory	description	\
Gennady Onishchenko	description	recorded January 2013
Kaos Theory	description	1.0
Gabriel's Oboe	description	From The Mission soundtrack by Ennio Morricone
Year Zero	description	\
When You Gonna Learn	description	Album Version
When You Gonna Learn	description	Cante Hondo Mix
EcoCyc	description	comprehensive database of Escherichia coli biology.
MetaCyc	description	Database of metabolic pathways and enzymes
Alexander Lebedev	description	recorded March 2013
Le roi d'Ys	description	Recorded in 1927, sung by Joseph Rogatechwsky, with Élie Cohen conducting the Opéra-Comique
Giorgio Mainerio	description	from Il primo libro de' balli, MIDI file by Ulrich Metzner
Celebrated Summer	description	Sample of \
Sonnet 141	description	A reading of Sonnet 141
Romanian Folk Dances	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Timeline of recordings with a flanging effect	description	A short sample followed by two flanging versions.
Stone Cold Rhymin'	description	Young MC's \
I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues	description	From Too Low for Zero
Girlfriend	description	A 21-second sample of the song.
Metropolis	description	Sample of \
Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra	description	Alexander Murray , Ann Yeung , Sinfonia da Camera University of Illinois, Ian Hobson conducting
Flute Concerto No. 1	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
The Court of the Crimson King	description	37.0
Hamlet	description	Audio excerpt from the recording with Thomas Hampson
National Anthem of Manchukuo	description	Midi rendition of the 1933 version.
LP record	description	The empty space before the start of the music has been amplified +15 dB to reveal the pre-echo.
Cheryl	description	The song is an uptempo, R&B song with a synthy production and dance influences.
Cheryl	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus features Cheryl singing over a dance background.
List of Prem Rawat-related topics	description	Excerpt of Maharaji's address.
Finbar Wright	description	Finbar's 1992 No. 1 single from the album \
Sky Blue Sky	description	Sample of \
Ferrari 312 P	description	Ferrari 312P at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
I Love U	description	A 21-second sample of the track \
Mr. Universe	description	This sample from the album clearly demonstrates the band's dramatic departure from the jazz-rock fusion sound of the Ian Gillan Band— 500 KB
Freedom's Road	description	Sample from John Mellencamp's \
Eat Me, Drink Me	description	\
Eat Me, Drink Me	description	The second single of the album was written on Marilyn Manson's own birthday. Marilyn Manson describes the song as being \
Eat Me, Drink Me	description	Album version of the song \
Steal My Sunshine	description	The song uses chords sampled from \
Remberto Giménez	description	Francisco José Debali's \
Remberto Giménez	description	Francisco José Debali's \
The Gold Diggers' Song	description	As sung by Dick Powell in his 1933 recording
Lost in the World	description	A sample of a bombastic portion of the song's production featuring heavy choirs and tribal drums.
Second Album	description	18.0
Quintet for Piano and Winds	description	Performed by Neal O'Doan  with the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Within Me	description	40
I Don't Play That	description	A sample from the \
Hard Candy	description	24.0
Nice	description	30.0
Harry Barris	description	Barris sings a solo with Gus Arnheim & His Orchestra
The Upsidedown	description	The Upsidedown's \
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead	description	28.0
Alfie	description	27.0
Alisa Weilerstein	description	Weilerstein and Jason Yoder   perform Camille Saint-Saëns's \
Alisa Weilerstein	description	Audio only
Ginetta F400	description	Farbio GTS350 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
March on the Drina	description	Sample of main instrumental motive of the \
Manhattan Beach	description	John Philip Sousa's \
El Capitan	description	The United States Marine Band performs El Capitan
U.S. Field Artillery March	description	The \
U.S. Field Artillery March	description	Music  performed in 2004 by the United States Marine Band
The Gallant Seventh	description	John Philip Sousa's \
The Thunderer	description	John Philip Sousa's \
The Thunderer	description	Performed in 2007 by the United States Army Band
Hold On to the Nights	description	30.0
Mick Underwood	description	A sample of Underwood's distinctive style taken from his 1980 \
Misterioso	description	Monk resumed his piano playing after Griffin's fast-to-moderate saxophone solo during \
Who Did You Think I Was	description	From Try!
Reduction	description	Performed live by Mark Gasser
Reduction	description	Transcribed  for piano by Ferruccio Busoni from the Schübler Chorales by Johann Sebastian Bach, performed by Martha Goldstein
Reduction	description	Franz Liszt's transcription of Prelude and Fugue in A minor, BWV 543 composed by Johann Sebastian Bach, performed by Raymond Smullyan
Cryptograms	description	The first track from Deerhunter's second recording session on Cryptograms.  The song's lyrics relate to Cox's hospitalization as a teenager, due to his genetic disorder.
Everyday	description	18.0
Shame for You	description	A sample of \
Speak Softly, Love	description	The famous theme, composed by Larry Kusik and Nino Rota.
Millwall Bushwackers	description	The infamous terrace chant of Millwall supporters — No one likes us, we don't care.
The Chefs	description	An audio sample of the guitar solo from \
This Is Why I'm Hot	description	sample from Mims' \
Étude Op. 25, No. 5	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 3456KB
Étude Op. 10, No. 1	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an Erard
Étude Op. 10, No. 1	description	Performed by Kristian Cvetkovic
Étude Op. 10, No. 1	description	Performed by Carlos Gardels. Courtesy of Musopen
Étude Op. 10, No. 2	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 1571KB
Étude Op. 10, No. 3	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an Erard  – 4534KB
Étude Op. 10, No. 4	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Érard piano
Étude Op. 10, No. 4	description	Performed by Muriel Nguyen Xuan
Mairi's Wedding	description	Tune for Mairi's Wedding
Early Winter	description	Stefani's vocals in \
Kate Dalrymple	description	Tune for Katy Dalrymple
Send Away the Tigers	description	The single features Nina Persson and reached number 2 on the UK Charts.
Étude Op. 25, No. 11	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 4102KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 12	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 2821KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 12	description	Performed by Donald Betts. Courtesy of Musopen
Screaming	description	Sample of Papa Roach's \
Screaming	description	\
DJ Clazzi	description	Clazzi's music typically incorporates elements of electronic music, as in this song from his album Infant.
You Ain't Goin' Nowhere	description	The 1971 version of \
Nocturnes, Op. 9	description	Florence Robineau
Nocturnes, Op. 9	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano.
Almost There	description	\
Almost There	description	\
Europe PubMed Central	description	Europe PMC: a full-text literature database for the life sciences and platform for innovation
190th Fighter Squadron, Blues and Royals friendly fire incident	description	--03-28
Systematic Chaos	description	Excerpt from the ending of the first chorus and beginning of the second verse from the song and first single from Systematic Chaos, \
Count Three & Pray	description	A sample of Berlin's \
Unsquare Dance	description	Third measure with initial theme development
4 in the Morning	description	A 30-second sample of the song's chorus
Hack	description	200.0
Margaret Woodrow Wilson	description	A 1915 recording of the Star-Spangled Banner as sung by Margaret Woodrow Wilson, daughter of Woodrow Wilson
Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace	description	Sample of the album's lead single \
Hand percussion	description	Half moon tambourine rhythms
Hand percussion	description	Large and small caxixi played together
Hand percussion	description	Basic groove on shekere
Hand percussion	description	Sounds of the guiro
Hand percussion	description	modern agogo rhythm pattern
Hand percussion	description	Cowbell pattern
Hand percussion	description	A triangle played latin style, opening and closing the hand for rhythmic effect.
Hand percussion	description	Clave pattern
Hand percussion	description	Güira sounds.
Hand percussion	description	hand percussion ensemble
Étude Op. 25, No. 10	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 4113KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 7	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 4833KB
Cherry	description	Yui's 8th single, \
Peer Gynt	description	All files courtesy of Musopen. Performed by the Czech National Symphony Orchestra
Peer Gynt	description	Both of these pieces performed by the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra in 1921
Music Is My Savior	description	sample from Mims' \
Trevor Beattie	description	recorded November 2013
The Dying Swan	description	Performed by John Mitchel
Era Vulgaris	description	The opening of the album's lead single for most of the world.
Son of Three	description	The Breeders' \
Integrated Microbial Genomes System	description	integrated microbial genomes database and comparative analysis system.
Favorite Girl	description	\
Howard Wyeth	description	30.0
The Basement Tapes	description	Greil Marcus calls the song a \
The Basement Tapes	description	With Helm singing \
The Basement Tapes	description	Clinton Heylin suggests that in this song Dylan may have been invoking the memory of his recently deceased friend Richard Fariña, apparently nicknamed Homer. In his vocal delivery, Dylan \
String Quartet	description	The second movement of the piece, played by the \
Can't Buy My Love	description	Can't Buy My Love lead song, \
I Love Rock 'n Roll	description	Joan Jett and the Blackhearts' \
Souvenir de Florence	description	The third movement of \
Joaquim Antônio da Silva Calado	description	Polka \
Divenire	description	Extract from 2007 album \
The Ascension	description	The album uses multiple guitars with heavy feedback. In some sections, the overtones produce ringing sounds similar to bells.
Harel Skaat	description	Harel Skaat represented Israel with the song \
It's About Time	description	A sample of \
It's About Time	description	3000.0
Robert Rønnes	description	Piece composed by Robert Rønnes and performed by Arthur Grossman
1910 in the United Kingdom	description	Ralph Vaughan Williams' Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis , performed by the U.S. Army Band Strings.
Lesson No. 1	description	Lesson No. 1 often uses repetitive sounds that build gradually.
Tales of Terror	description	Sample of \
Rfam	description	The Rfam database provides alignments, consensus secondary structures and covariance models for RNA families.
Mina	description	The opening section of a Mina ensemble, featuring the main drumming patterns and the call and response format of the vocals.
Étude Op. 25, No. 1	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 2574KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 1	description	Performed by Donald Betts. Courtesy of Musopen
Tippecanoe and Tyler Too	description	First verse and chorus.
Tippecanoe and Tyler Too	description	All twelve verses.
Evolution	description	After selecting \
Teardrops on My Guitar	description	A 21-second sample of the song, featuring the chorus which is backed by mandolin and acoustic guitar.
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Bach re-interpreting older genres tied to the modal system
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Continuo instruments moving to the front
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Keyboard concerto
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	written for violin like no other...
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	...not less impressive as a piano piece
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	A strictly contrapuntal composition  in the guise of an Italian type of concerto
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	the images of this video show the intertwining of melodies and motives, including the melody of the chorale \
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	BachDigitalWork work 00000172?XSL.Style=detail&lang=en
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	performed by Solomija Drozd , Petro Titiajev  and Ivan Ostapovych
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	\
Johann Sebastian Bach	description	The Aria \
What I've Done	description	19.0
2-pop	description	2
Requiem for a Dream	description	listen to a clip from \
Rufous-bellied thrush	description	Recorded by Eurico Zimbres in Petropolis, Rio de Janeiro State
Take Me Away	description	30.0
Tone remote	description	Three function tone sequences: 2175+1950 Hz, 2175+1850 Hz, and 2175+1750 Hz.
Tone remote	description	The sound of a tone remote if a speaker were bridged across the phone line.
Étude Op. 10, No. 6	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 2.92 MB
Étude Op. 10, No. 7	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 1.72 MB
12 Concerti a cinque	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
12 Concerti a cinque	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with oboists Humbert Lucarelli and Edino Biaggi
Bartender	description	This musical sample includes pleas to the Bartender and an instrumental interlude.
Navaja	description	The distinctive sound produced when a ratcheting navaja is opened.
Clumsy	description	A sample of \
Me and My Imagination	description	30.0
Matokie Slaughter	description	Matokie Slaughter, \
Aquaria	description	The soundtrack for the game's trailer, featuring music, voice acting, and sound effects from the game
Raccoon coat	description	Sample of the song which captured the fad at its height, recorded by George Olsen & His Music in 1928
In God's Hands	description	Sample of the song
Carola Standertskjöld	description	Sample from the composition \
The Magnificent	description	During this middle break, Fleka's potent sentiment is set against harmonious strings and low explosions, before a crescendo of drums and a reprise of The Magnificent Seven melody.
Livin' in the Sunlight, Lovin' in the Moonlight	description	Performed by Maurice Chevalier
Mighty Lak' a Rose	description	1908
Académie de Poésie et de Musique	description	The chorus and beginning of the verse, by Claude Le Jeune, an example of musique mesurée.
The Melody Shop	description	Karl King's \
	description	27.0
Images	description	\
Abbey of Santa María la Real de Las Huelgas	description	A recording by a soprano of this sequence found in the Codex Las Huelgas and other manuscripts.
Neighborhood 1	description	30.0
Sinking of the RMS Titanic	description	Simulated RMS Titanic distress signal, in Morse code
Kala	description	Short clip of \
Konichiwa Bitches	description	A sample of \
The Hamsters	description	30.0
Miller Reese Hutchison	description	Klaxon used by United States Navy submarines during World War II
On a Clear Night	description	The album's lead single is \
On a Clear Night	description	The album's second single is \
On a Clear Night	description	The album's third single is \
Lancashire dialect	description	Voice of Johnny Vegas, recorded October 2010 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
Sonata for Two Pianos in D major	description	Recorded in November 2005
Sonata for Two Pianos in D major	description	This composition by Yanni has been deemed similar to Mozart's K 448 in character and effect, by the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine
Cold Mountain	description	From the soundtrack of The Cold Mountain.  It was performed by Jack White for the film, in which he played the character Georgia
Vampires of Black Imperial Blood	description	A segment of the opening track, featuring the introductory riff, an up-tempo part with blasting drums and loud vocals, followed by a short melodic section.
Icelandic orthography	description	An Icelandic speaker reciting the alphabet in Icelandic
Vladimir Ryzhkov	description	recorded May 2013
Arseniy Yatsenyuk	description	recorded on \
Polish culture during World War II	description	An English-language news program describing the daily fighting during the Warsaw Uprising, broadcast by Polish insurgents radio station Błyskawica.
Tamil phonology	description	The sentence literally means, \
Three Shakespeare Songs	description	18
Three Shakespeare Songs	description	16
Three Shakespeare Songs	description	6
Zamane Ko Dikhana Hai	description	Sample of R.D. Burman's \
La Danza	description	sung by Enrico Caruso
Love	description	A sample of Musiq Soulchild's \
Mouse Genome Informatics	description	resource for mammalian genomics and genetics.
Mouse Genome Informatics	description	The mouse Gene Expression Database
Méditation	description	Meditation played by Mischa Elman in 1919
He's a Rebel	description	\
Flaws and All	description	A 25-second sample of \
Chrisye	description	Chrisye's signature song, \
Save Me	description	A 30-second sample of \
Save Me	description	A 30-second sample of \
Never Again	description	The song is influenced by the work of Alanis Morissette and Pat Benatar.
A Small Victory	description	30
ChemSpider	description	A chemical structure database providing fast access to over 50 million structures, properties and associated information.
Heaven	description	A sample of the song, featuring the Taglish lyrics and urban feel Mendaros incorporated to the music.
Heaven	description	A sample of \
Heaven	description	A sample of the song, featuring Nina's heavy use of vocal belting, falsetto and whistle register.
The Great Unwanted	description	The album's second single, in which joyful harmonies are used to intensify emotion \
The Harmonious Blacksmith	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Handle Me	description	\
Jewish music	description	Performed by members of the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Not Like That	description	\
Betty Botter	description	Recitation of Betty Botter tongue-twister
Étude Op. 25, No. 9	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Érard piano
Étude Op. 25, No. 9	description	Performed by Romuald Greiss on an 1850 Budynowicz piano
Leichte Kavallerie	description	The overture to Leichte Kavallerie, played by the United States Marine Band
Undone	description	A sample of the first chorus from \
Undone	description	A sample of \
Alien 3	description	Sample of \
Alien 3	description	Sample of \
Alien 3	description	Sample of \
Alien 3	description	Sample of \
Titus	description	Sample of \
Titus	description	Sample of \
Titus	description	Sample of \
In Dreams	description	Sample of \
In Dreams	description	Sample of \
In Dreams	description	Sample of \
Cobb	description	Sample of \
Cobb	description	Sample of \
Cobb	description	Sample of \
Songs of the Spanish Civil War	description	Two folk songs from the Spanish Civil War sung by Leon Lishner.
Keep the Fire	description	Michael McDonald singing soft parts contrasting with Kenny Loggins singing hard parts.
Clarence Wainwright Murphy	description	1910
¡Ay Carmela!	description	Two folk songs from the Spanish Civil War sung by Leon Lishner. Viva la XV Brigada  comes second.
I Believe	description	30.0
My Jesus I Love Thee	description	--11-08
Summer Love	description	A 19-second sample of the chorus of \
Secrets from the Future	description	A short sample of \
Martin Turner	description	recorded February 2014
Darbari Kanada	description	Abdul Wahid Khan performs Raga Darbari Kanada in 1947
Billy Jones	description	Ain't We Got Fun?, recorded by Billy Jones in 1921 for Edison Records.
If We Are the Body	description	\
 It's a Hectic World	description	The single blended elements of power pop, new wave, and surf music.
Smile	description	A sample of the song, featuring the sensually engaging sound and lyrics Nina incorporated with Ruffinego.
Smile	description	A sample of the song, featuring upbeat groove and flirty lyrics different from the typical \
Smile	description	A sample of the song, featuring \
Nina Live!	description	A sample from the song, featuring Nina's highest recorded vocal belting in full chest register, which is G♯5.
Nina Live!	description	One song which was personally insisted by Nina to be included on the album's final track list.
Nina Live!	description	2000.0
Nina	description	A sample from the song, featuring Nina's heavy use of whistle register that is not present on other songs in the album.
Nina	description	A sample from \
Nina	description	A sample from \
Dream Days at the Hotel Existence	description	A twenty second sample from \
Dream Days at the Hotel Existence	description	20.0
Hey Venus!	description	Short sample from \
Hey Venus!	description	Short sample from \
Hey Venus!	description	Short sample from \
Keep Your Eyes on the Prize	description	Tune for Keep Your Eyes on the Prize
Gospel Plow	description	Tune for Keep Your Hand On the Plow
Oh What a Circus	description	17.0
Black Moth Super Rainbow	description	\
The Dreamer	description	Song from Mister Speed's album The Dreamer
Please Don't Touch	description	This 1981 cover song was a collaboration between Girlschool and Motörhead and the most successful for both bands at the time
NoClue	description	Short sample of \
NoClue	description	Short sample of \
NoClue	description	Short sample of \
Sotho phonology	description	Audio sample of the examples
Sotho phonology	description	Audio sample of the example
Sotho tonology	description	Audio sample of the examples below
Sotho tonology	description	Audio sample of the examples
Residente o Visitante	description	The album's first single, \
Residente o Visitante	description	\
Apradh	description	30.0
Audi R8R	description	Audi R8R at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Una furtiva lagrima	description	Enrico Caruso in 1911 for the Victor Talking Machine Company
Synthesizer	description	First Movement  of Brandenburg Concerto Number 3 played on synthesizer.
Synthesizer	description	An example of a classic analog bass synthesizer sound.  Four sawtooth bass filter sweeps with gradually increasing resonance.
Synthesizer	description	An example of funk-styled grooving synth bass by Kevin MacLeod.
Synthesizer	description	An example of acid bass track, using SH-101 for bass, MC-202 for filter hookline, and TR-808 for drums.
Synthesizer	description	A sample of Eurodance synthesizer riff with use of rapid 1/16 notes arpeggiator
Wait 'Till the Sun Shines, Nellie	description	Sung by Harry Tally in 1905.
Scoil Colmcille, Letterkenny	description	From RTÉ Radio
Music in Berlin	description	Sample of \
First Time	description	\
Like a Dog	description	13.0
Waiting for the Sun	description	20.0
Waiting for the Sun	description	25.0
Future Kings of Spain	description	from the 2003 album \
Étude Op. 10, No. 9	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 2.13 MB
Étude Op. 10, No. 10	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano.
Étude Op. 25, No. 2	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 1591KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 4	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 1943KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 3	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 2161KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 8	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Érard  - 1255KB
Étude Op. 25, No. 6	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 2.3 MB
Étude Op. 25, No. 6	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Étude Op. 10, No. 11	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 3.17 MB
Étude Op. 10, No. 8	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard  - 2.86 MB
Pearly-eyed thrasher	description	Recorded on St. John, USVI
Crush	description	The song became a teen-pop hit in 1998.
Funky Kingston	description	Funky Kingston audio sample
The Way I Are	description	A 15-second sample of the chorus of \
Suga Mama	description	A 20-second sample of the song, which is backed by instrumentation that sounds like live music. Knowles tells her love interest that she wants to be his \
E=MC²	description	A 28-second sample of \
E=MC²	description	A sample of \
E=MC²	description	A 20-second sample of \
Was mir behagt, ist nur die muntre Jagd, BWV 208	description	\
Ivan Melnikov	description	recorded July 2013
Prelude in E minor, BWV 855a	description	Performed by Felipe Sarro. Courtesy of Musopen
Harmonie	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet with other artists
Understand	description	Japanese Drama Seito Shokun Theme Song, \
Understand	description	Japanese Movie \
I Need to Know	description	21.0
Andrey Piontkovsky	description	--02-22
Super Locomotive	description	The game's soundtrack is a chiptune cover version of Yellow Magic Orchestra's synthpop hit \
What a Friend We Have in Jesus	description	Performed by the Onward Brass Band
This Masquerade	description	George Benson's \
Stabat Mater	description	Excerpt of \
The Gladiator March	description	Performed by the U.S. Air Force Concert Band
Anadilim Aşk	description	Chorus of Işın Karaca's hit song from \
İçinde Aşk Var	description	Chorus of Işın Karaca's hit song from \
Any Love	description	A 29-second sample of the first chorus of \
Worried Man Blues	description	Performed by the Carter Family
Tornado emergency	description	An example of a tornado emergency issued in Alabama
3	description	3.0
Don't Say Goodbye	description	The song has a dance-pop feel to it and its techno beats and stratospheric vocals can be heard.
Don't Say Goodbye	description	The Spanish version can be heard with the same feel as to the original.
BlueBOB	description	Lynch was responsible for sound design and effects on Neff's lead-vocal tracks on \
Başka Bahar	description	Chorus of Işın Karaca's hit song from \
Streaming audio in video games	description	\
Kobus!	description	\
Kobus!	description	By their third album, Kobus!' sound had taken a more metal approach.
E lucevan le stelle	description	sung by Leo Slezak, 1913, recorded on Edison cylinder
La donna è mobile	description	Performed by Enrico Caruso in 1908
Recondita armonia	description	Enrico Caruso's 1907 performance
Libiamo ne' lieti calici	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Beat Box	description	Sample of the Art of Noise song Beat Box.
Amor Gitano	description	As Fernández sings \
Music of Final Fantasy IV	description	Short mix of \
Music of Final Fantasy IV	description	Short sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy IV	description	Short sample of \
Music of Final Fantasy III	description	Short mix of \
Music of Final Fantasy IX	description	Short mix of \
Music of Final Fantasy IX	description	Short sample of \
Shut Up and Drive	description	1980.0
	description	25.0
Passenger	description	20.0
Already Gone	description	19.0
D.A.F.	description	A 20-second sample from \
My Happiness	description	While Chad Watson of The Newcastle Herald described a \
To Love Somebody	description	\
Janet and Allan Ahlberg	description	Recorded November 2008 from the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs
Music of Final Fantasy XI	description	Short sample of \
Prelude and Fugue in A minor, BWV 543	description	Performed by organist Noah Horn
Prelude and Fugue in A minor, BWV 543	description	Liszt's transcription performed by Raymond Smullyan
Strawberry Jam	description	Excerpt of \
Hey You	description	26.0
Love Your Way	description	20.0
O mio babbino caro	description	Sung by Frances Alda in 1919
Mr Kneebone	description	30.0
Him Kerosene	description	Excerpt from the single Loser Outfit
1100 Bel Air Place	description	Julio Iglesias and Willie Nelson's \
Music of Twin Peaks	description	30.0
Aries	description	A 27-second sample of Miguel's \
Aries	description	A 20-second sample of Miguel's \
Sunsets	description	20.0
The Stunning	description	From the 1990 album \
MEROPS	description	MEROPS: the database of proteolytic enzymes, their substrates and inhibitors.
See You Again	description	An 18-second preview of Miley Cyrus' \
Music of Kingdom Hearts	description	7.0
Music of Kingdom Hearts	description	30.0
Fear of a Blank Planet	description	An excerpt from \
Food for Thought	description	Audio sample
Keyboard concertos by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra conducted by Simon Schindler with Johannes Volker Schmidt
Keyboard concertos by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Matthew Ganong
Keyboard concertos by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with David Parry and Roxana Pavel Goldstein
Keyboard concertos by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Performed by the University of Washington Sinfonietta, conducted by Vilem Sokol, with Laila Storch  and Martin Friedmann
Jerome Hughes	description	From A TV3 News report
Temple of the Dog	description	A sample of \
Shaun Doherty	description	Shaun Doherty Talks about Wikipedia. He discusses edits made by a user on Pat the Cope Gallagher's article on the website
Black hornbill	description	Birdsong of Anthracoceros malayanus
Sentimiento	description	14.0
Sentimiento	description	24.0
Sentimiento	description	18.0
Sentimiento	description	26.0
Driving Emotion Type-S	description	13
The Day You Come	description	29.0
I.O.I.O.	description	\
Good-Day Ray	description	18.0
Living Type	description	22.0
Matthew Strachan	description	Monica from the 1999 album Fallen Angels
Matthew Strachan	description	Matthew Strachan song Shadow of the Maple Tree which describes the day leading up to a Tennessee lynching.
Hit or Miss	description	Sample of \
Stronger	description	\
Pick You Up	description	24.0
Sophia Montecarlo	description	A sample of the \
Nada Es Igual...	description	A 29-second sample of Miguel's \
My Kind of Scene	description	26.0
Reflections of a Sound	description	25.0
Since You've Been Gone	description	19.0
Antichrist Superstar	description	Live version recorded in Imola, Italy, as it appeared on The Last Tour on Earth
Inspector Morse	description	Sample of the music used during the end credits of Inspector Morse, including the Morse code motif.
Ernest Austin	description	Part of 12th movement: trumpet fanfares on the organ and choir singing. Played by Kevin Bowyer
Jonas Brothers	description	3000.0
Jonas Brothers	description	A sample of \
Confederación Nacional del Trabajo	description	Anthem of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo
Fors seulement	description	MIDI version
Pluto	description	Homogenic's most aggressive track, \
Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite	description	\
Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite	description	The funk and gospel-influenced \
John N. Klohr	description	The Billboard March , played by the U.S. Air Force Band
C's Ware	description	The title theme \
C's Ware	description	\
These Days	description	19.0
Franz Xaver Murschhauser	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind on a harpsichord of the type made in the early 20th century
Diva	description	A 10-second sample of \
Diva	description	A 16-second sample of the fifth single from the album, \
Diva	description	A 21-second sample of \
Real	description	A 20–second sample of the electronically-infused \
Real	description	An 18–second sample of \
Real	description	A 12–second sample of the additional version of \
Real	description	An 18-second sample of the lead single from Real, \
Flashback	description	18.0
Flashback	description	12.0
Flashback	description	21.0
Flashback	description	24.0
UniGene	description	Transcriptome
The Hukilau Song	description	Sample from Jack Owens's 1948 original
Till We Meet Again	description	A 1919 performance of Till We Meet Again by the Nicholas Orlandos Orchestra
Black Beauty: Miles Davis at Fillmore West	description	A 30-second sample featuring the band's segue from \
Nobody's Sweetheart Now	description	Performed by Gus Arnheim & His Orchestra with vocals by Harry Barris and Three Ambassadors, c. 1932
Sitting on Top of the World	description	From The Cold Mountain soundtrack.  It was performed by Jack White for the film, in which he played the character Georgia
Across the Great Divide tour	description	20.0
Logistics	description	Excerpt from \
John Ward	description	A news programme on the daily fights in Warsaw, featuring the voice of John Ward
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki	description	President Truman announces the bombing of Hiroshima.
Big guitar	description	Al Caiola's rendition of the movie theme.
Contra la Corriente	description	A sample of the lead single, \
Todo a Su Tiempo	description	A sample of \
Todo a Su Tiempo	description	A sample of \
Otra Nota	description	A sample of the lead single, \
List of U.S. presidential campaign slogans	description	--05-17
Stateless	description	A sample of the song \
Ice Hockey Hair	description	Short clip of \
Ice Hockey Hair	description	Clip of \
Du tout plongiet	description	MIDI version
Wang Leehom	description	From Heroes of Earth . The song utilizes a fusion of traditional kunqu melodies with modern hip hop rhythm, one of the several types of the chinked-out music style.
Bless My Soul	description	19.0
Stumblin'	description	18.0
Thank You For Loving Me	description	30.0
Tail	description	The pre-chorus and chorus of \
América & En Vivo	description	A 27-second sample of \
Light at the End	description	\
As I Am	description	The ballad received comparisons from music critics to the music of Prince.
Northern Lites	description	Short sample from \
Fire in My Heart	description	Short sample from \
Do or Die	description	Short sample from \
Ysbeidiau Heulog	description	Short sample from \
Everytime We Touch	description	25.0
It's Not the End of the World%3F	description	Short sample from \
	description	Short sample from \
Juxtapozed with U	description	Short sample from \
Hello Sunshine	description	Short sample from \
Hello Sunshine	description	Short sample from the Freiband remix of \
Golden Retriever	description	Short sample from \
Golden Retriever	description	Short sample from the Killa Kela remix of \
Lazer Beam	description	Short sample from \
Green Light	description	A 21-second sample of \
Me Haces Falta	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus, which was noted by James Reed of The Boston Globe to be self-loathing.
Who Am I	description	A 30-second audio sample of \
American Dream	description	A 24-second audio sample of the chorus of \
Lifesong	description	A 30-second audio sample of the second chorus of the song, which demonstrates a musical sound similar to that of U2.
Downhearted Blues	description	Performed by Alberta Hunter
Relapse	description	The song was produced by Dr. Dre and features Eminem lyrically depicting himself as a murderer of several people.
Paratrooper	description	Paratrooper video game intro music, as played through the PC Speakers.
No one likes us, we don't care	description	No one likes us, we don't care. Sung by Millwall supporters in the Cold Blow Lane stand.
Cinquemilaquarantatre	description	Sample from \
In dulci jubilo	description	Tune for In dulci jubilo
The %22Sweetest Girl%22	description	An audio sample of \
Mark Gasser	description	Performed live by Mark Gasser
Keef Trouble	description	Keef Trouble / Malvern Hostick
Keef Trouble	description	Keef Trouble / Tony O'Malley
The Ocean	description	The instrumentation of \
Oberheim DMX	description	Sample of \
Oberheim DMX	description	Sample of \
Overtures by Hector Berlioz	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Vissi d'arte	description	Sung in 1914 by Emmy Destinn
Electropunk	description	Sample of The Screamers \
Electropunk	description	Sample of The Units song \
Electropunk	description	Sample of Nervous Gender \
Kiss & Cry	description	A 30-second sample of \
The Altar and the Door	description	A 27-second audio sample of the second verse of \
The Altar and the Door	description	A 26-second audio sample of the second verse of \
52	description	Performed by Kristian Cvetković
Show Your Hand	description	Short sample from \
I Got a Love	description	From the album The Main Ingredient
Voyage of the Damned	description	The chorus of the song \
Brave	description	A nineteen second sample of \
Lōc-ed After Dark	description	Tone Lōc's \
Sirusho	description	The Armenian entry for Eurovision Song Contest 2008, Qélé, _Qélé became all  time hit in Armenia, as well as in Europe
Sirusho	description	One of Sirusho's biggest hits.
One in a Million	description	From the original motion picture soundtrack Poetic Justice
Serenade for Strings	description	Performed by the United States Army Band Strings ensemble
The Sailor's Hornpipe	description	The Sailor's Hornpipe
Tetragrammaton	description	The pronunciation as it is vowel pointed in the Masoretic Text. The vast majority of scholars do not hold the pronunciation to be correct.
Michael Maybrick	description	The Blue Alsatian Mountains by Michael Maybrick
Butterfly	description	performed by Eydie Gormé in 1972
Suddenly	description	The piano is the main instrument used in the song.
Chorthippus brunneus	description	14.0
Chorthippus brunneus	description	Song of Chorthippus brunneus, 26 s.
I Don't Remember	description	20.0
Love & Truth	description	Yui's 10th Single and Japanese movie \
Dance Floor Anthem	description	A sample of \
Chorthippus parallelus	description	27.0
All About Lovin' You	description	22.0
Othello	description	--05-12
Othello	description	Audio only version
Brazilian Republic Anthem	description	Anthem to the Proclamation of the Republic performed by the Brazilian Army choir.
Infamous	description	\
Sexy! No No No...	description	19.0
Cherry Pop	description	A 23-second sample of \
Space-themed music	description	A Bach piece played by Italian thereminist Fabio Pesce on a Moog Etherwave theremin.
Free Free	description	80.0
Lark	description	\
Lark	description	\
Girls' Generation	description	\
Girls' Generation	description	The group's 2013 single \
Piano Sonata No. 9	description	Performed by Giorgi Latsabidze on piano
Kitty Kat	description	A 22-second sample of \
Albertine	description	The beginning of the chorus of the song, where Fraser describes her feelings of responsibility
Aggressive mimicry	description	Kobonga oxleyi cicada song with reply clicks from a Chlorobalius leucoviridis
Aggressive mimicry	description	Pauropsalta sp. “Sandstone” song with reply clicks from a Chlorobalius leucoviridis
Jamiroquai – Live at Montreux 2003	description	30
Don't Stop the Music	description	Sample of the song; the line, \
Ready, Set, Don't Go	description	A sample of Billy Ray Cyrus' \
Eastern smooth frog	description	call of multiple frogs
Platymantis pelewensis	description	Audio recording of the Palau Frog calling in Koror Palau in May 2013
Nikolai Slichenko	description	Sample of  Milaya by Nikolai Slichenko
Nikolai Slichenko	description	Sample of  Tolko raz  by Nikolai Slichenko
Capped heron	description	Song of Pilherodius pileatus in Cocha Juarez, Manu National Park, Dpto. Madre de Dios, Brazil. Recorded by Paul Donahue
Great eared nightjar	description	Call of great eared nightjar recorded in Vazhachal
Plant ontology	description	The Plant Ontology
Appeal to Reason	description	A sample of the album's lead single, \
Appeal to Reason	description	A sample of the acoustic song \
Give It Up to Me	description	A sample of \
Lewin's rail	description	Call recorded at Samsonvale Cemetery, SE Queensland
Up, Up and Away	description	The 5th Dimension's \
Praise to the Man	description	\
Long-tailed widowbird	description	A male's voice in mating season
Come, Come, Ye Saints	description	Text written by William Clayton in 1846. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2008.
Bubbly	description	A 25-second sample from Colbie Caillat's \
The Habit of Fire	description	One of the more popular songs from the album, which received high praise from Sound on Sound magazine for its production quality.
I Need You	description	A 27-second mple of Rimes' \
Plate-billed mountain toucan	description	Song of the Plate-billed mountain toucan in Paz de las Aves, Pichincha. Recorded by Oscar Campbell.
After You've Gone	description	Instrumental performance by musicians from the U.S. Coast Guard Band
The Quads	description	An excerpt from The Quads' There Must Be Thousands
Cyclone	description	Baby Bash featuring T-Pain & Mickaël perform \
U	description	\
Solfeggietto	description	64.0
Oh Mother	description	A 23-second sample of \
Abdul Wahid Khan	description	the night raga Darbari Kanada
Abdul Wahid Khan	description	the afternoon raga Multani
Abdul Wahid Khan	description	the afternoon raga Patdip
Good Life	description	A sample song of Kanye's West song Good Life.
Cyclone	description	Baby Bash  featuring Mickaël & T-Pain perform \
Batman Forever	description	Seal's \
Come Away with ESG	description	Reused off of the ESG Says Dance to the Beat of Moody EP, \
Can't Help but Wait	description	A mid-tempo number, the song speaks of an abusive relationship.
About You Now	description	The Saw Doctors version
Dive Deep	description	A downbeat country influenced song based around a distinctive guitar melody, featuring unique and soulful voice of Judie Tzuke
You're Driving Me Crazy	description	Recorded by Rudy Vallée & His Connecticut Yankees in 1930
Shakespeare in performance	description	--05-12
Shakespeare in performance	description	Audio only version
Hold On	description	16.0
Homesick	description	An audio sample of \
If I Can't Dance	description	30.0
Jaguar XJR-12	description	Jaguar XJR12 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Let the Blind Lead Those Who Can See but Cannot Feel	description	The lyrics of this track reflect the life situation of children born with AIDS, and Cox, who was born with the genetic disorder Marfan Syndrome.  Cox wanted the song to reflect his impression of children's hospitals which, after spending several months inside, he found to be \
Let the Blind Lead Those Who Can See but Cannot Feel	description	The last song of Let the Blind Lead, like its opening, is an instrumental ambient piece.  With this song, the album is brought full circle, starting and ending on an \
Kissing You	description	A sample of the song, demonstrating its simple piano and string instrumentation
Hold Me Now	description	A 30-second sample from \
Joachim Andersen	description	Performed by David Hernando
Joachim Andersen	description	Performed by Scott Goff
Goree Carter	description	Goree Carter's \
Ches Smith	description	From the 2010 Ches Smith Congs for Brums album, 'Noise to Men.'
Rolling Thunder	description	Henry Fillmore's \
The Circus Bee	description	Henry Fillmore's \
Pietro Yon	description	\
S.O.S	description	15.0
Bleeding Love	description	30.0
Vampire Rodents	description	\
Vampire Rodents	description	\
Vampire Rodents	description	\
Vampire Rodents	description	\
Vampire Rodents	description	\
Cambridge Structural Database	description	Molecular structure elucidation
Cambridge Structural Database	description	X-ray crystallography
Cambridge Structural Database	description	Cheminformatics
Cambridge Structural Database	description	Metalorganic
Cambridge Structural Database	description	Organometallic
I Am a Child of God	description	composed by Naomi Ward Randall in 1957. Sung by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in 2005.
Spirit	description	The song features a church organ and synthesised strings prominently, and intermittently integrates wood block percussion throughout the track. A heavy, distorted marching band-like drum loop backs the song.
Spirit	description	\
Frank Ferera	description	Guitar duet recorded in May 1916 by Louise and Ferera
One Minute	description	A 19-second sample features Clarkson singing \
But I Do Love You	description	A twenty-nine second sample of Rimes' \
Six moments musicaux	description	Performed by Raymond Smullyan
Release	description	An 18-second sample of the chorus of \
Hook Me Up	description	\
Jealous	description	A sample from the song's bridge where the lyrics talk about a girl who is willing to wait for the guy to love her.
2nd Floor	description	A sample of the song, featuring the Taglish lyrics and urban feel Mendaros incorporated to the music.
Tattoo	description	A sample of the song, which has been noted for its similarities to Beyoncé's 2006 hit, \
Gounod)	description	Gounod's Ave Maria arranged for piano and cello. Performed by John Michel, instrumental only
Gounod)	description	Gounod's Ave Maria arranged for organ and violin. Performed prior to 1930 by soprano Jo Vincent
Zebrafish Information Network	description	Zebrafish Model Organism Database.
I Don't Stand a Ghost of a Chance with You	description	The original 1932 recording featuring Bing Crosby and the ARC Brunswick Studio Orchestra
Make You Mine	description	A sample of the song, featuring upbeat groove and flirty lyrics different from the typical \
Outnumbered	description	--09-01
Since I Left You	description	A 24-second sample of the song, featuring its sampled chorus
Nicolas Geffrard	description	Nicolas Geffrard's \
Pick Up the Pace	description	21.0
Balāde par gulbi	description	30.0
Lorde	description	A sample of \
Dolly	description	The Berceuse from Dolly by Gabriel Fauré.
Edith Hall	description	Recorded May 2012 from the BBC Radio 4 programme In Our Time
Gimme More	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
Should I Go	description	A 29-second sample of Coldplay's \
Meconema thalassinum	description	23.0
Hate That I Love You	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
Hins Cheung	description	First song in the album of the same name, Ardently Love. This song launched Cheung to new heights and led to numerous awards.
Call the Shots	description	A 22-second sample of the song, where Girls Aloud sing over a \
The Crown of India	description	All of the above transcribed by Frank Winterbottom in 1913, and played in 2008 for the album Music From the Land of Hope and Glory under direction of Michael Colburn
Wasana	description	One of Latha Walpola's signature pieces, released as a song of Sinhala film Wasana in 1976, utilizes cinematic sound effects.
Polonaises Op. 40	description	Performed by Romuald Greiss on an 1850 Budynowicz piano
Taking Chances	description	30.0
Bat species identification	description	Crickets, unidentified mammal, and a bat social call recorded on a heterodyne detector set to 19 kHz - 379Kb, on a small nature reserve in North Devon. None of these calls were audible normally.
Bat species identification	description	A Daubenton's bat hunting over a river - 169 Kb
Bat species identification	description	A Lesser Horseshoe bat flying in a barn - 63 Kb
Bat species identification	description	A Typical hockey stick call with a ploppy sound as heard on a heterodyne bat detector - 68 Kb
Bat species identification	description	A single Pipistrelle call slowed down 256 times or 8 octaves - 22Kb
Bat species identification	description	A Pipistrelle flying and feeding over a pond on a Devon farm - 225 Kb
Bat species identification	description	Common Pipistrelle call heard on a heterodyne bat detector -  68Kb
Bat species identification	description	Four typical hockey stick calls: 1) tuned at CF frequency; 2) tuned low; 3) tuned high; 4) back to CF frequency - 213 Kb
Bat species identification	description	Heterodyne recording set to 53 kHz -  133Kb
Bat species identification	description	Crickets, unidentified mammal, and a bat social call recorded on a heterodyne detector set to 19 kHz - 379Kb
Bat species identification	description	Several species of ultrasound crickets recorded on a heterodyne bat detector set to 19 kHz - 169Kb
V8 engine	description	1964
So Much More	description	Sample of the song
Piano Sonata No. 10	description	Performed in June 2013 by Barbara Semenchuk
Piano Sonata No. 10	description	Performed in April 2009 by Johannes Volker Schmidt
Violin Sonata No. 21	description	Performed by Carrie Rehkopf  with pianist
Cello Sonata	description	Performed by John Michel
Cello Sonata	description	Performed by Giorgi Latso, piano and Wen-Hsiu, cello
Morceaux de fantaisie	description	Played by Rachmaninoff himself for Edison Records in 1919.
Nothin' Better to Do	description	A twenty-three second sample of Rimes' \
Bach: The Goldberg Variations	description	The third variation  is a canon at the Unison.
32 Variations in C minor	description	performed in 2010
Piece of Me	description	\
Wouter Hamel	description	22.0
2 Hearts	description	A sample of the song \
Piano Sonata in G major, D 894	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Raising Sand	description	Robert Plant and Alison Krauss' \
Baby Love	description	A sample of \
Harry Macdonough	description	A c. 1902 recording of the 1897 song, \
Preludes, Op. 32	description	Performed in 2010, this is the tenth prelude of this opus
Preludes, Op. 32	description	Performed in 2013 by Barbara Semenchuk, this is the twelfth prelude of this opus
Sotho grammar	description	Audio sample of the examples
Sotho grammar	description	Audio sample of the example
Ys I & II	description	Sample of title theme \
Ys I & II	description	Sample of field theme \
Ys I & II	description	Sample of ending theme \
Here I Stand	description	Here I Stand mid-tempo lead single is based on a shuddering synth beat.
Here I Stand	description	The album's title track, a ballad played at Usher's wedding to Foster, draws from soul and pop jazz, which led to comparisons with Stevie Wonder.
F.R.E.S.H.	description	A sample of the song's chorus, with hoofbeats and heavy drums
Abominations	description	In \
Abominations	description	\
My Kinda Love	description	1929
Piano Sonata in A major, D 664	description	All files courtesy of Musopen
Dave Audé	description	\
Post-disco	description	Short sample of \
Post-disco	description	Short sample of \
X	description	Audio sample of Minogue's song \
X	description	The song \
String Quartet No. 2	description	Played by the Carmel Quartet
Swaar Metaal	description	A sample of the album's title track, Swaar Metaal.
Sick Cycle Carousel	description	A sample of \
Domine Database	description	comprehensive collection of known and predicted domain-domain interactions.
Annie in Wonderland	description	30.0
Piano Trio No. 1	description	--11-04
Piano Trio No. 1	description	Audio only version
Love Hate	description	\
Love Hate	description	\
Andante spianato et grande polonaise brillante	description	performed by Debbie Hu
To the Bright and Shining Sun	description	From the 2005 album \
My Kind of Town	description	Frank Sinatra's original studio recording
My Kind of Town	description	Duet version with Frank Sinatra and Frank Sinatra, Jr.
Berceuse	description	performed by Veronica van der Knaap
A1A	description	Perennial concert favorite from A1A
Mademoiselle Juliette	description	\
Nikolay Baskov	description	Sample of \
Picture to Burn	description	An audio sample of Taylor Swift's \
Tangled Up	description	A 22-second sample of the opening track features Girls Aloud singing mature lyrics over a \
Tangled Up	description	1980.0
Mean to Me	description	1929
Hatsune Miku	description	Example of a song created using Vocaloid software with vocals by Hatsune Miku.
Nikki Hornsby	description	used as cue music in Dr Laura Schlessinger radio program as
I'm All Yours	description	This 29-second sample shows Jay Sean's first verse from the song. The lyrics of the song were praised by many critics.
One in Ten	description	One in Ten audio sample
Guitar Rig	description	\
Headlines	description	A sample of the song's chourus, with the group singing it together.
Our Song	description	An audio sample of Taylor Swift's \
Credo	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with the Advent Choir directed by Gabriel Pavel
List of E-flat instruments	description	A piano solo by Ludwig van Beethoven played in the key of E major.
Injection locking	description	Injection pulling and locking heard alternatively when one oscillator of two sweeps in frequency
No Line on the Horizon	description	\
No Line on the Horizon	description	Based on the hymn \
Halo 3 Original Soundtrack	description	The piece used for the E3 2006 Halo 3 announcement trailer, featuring piano and brass sections.
The Last Goon Show of All	description	30.0
Way Out of Here	description	An excerpt from \
Oboe concerto	description	Tomaso Albinoni's Concerto for Two Oboes in F major. Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with oboists Humbert Lucarelli and Edino Biaggi
Oboe concerto	description	The 2nd movement of Antonio Vivaldi's Oboe Concerto in C major, RV 447, Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with oboist Edino Biaggi
Oboe concerto	description	Antonio Pasculli's Gran Concerto. Performed by Alex Klein, oboe, and Lisa Bergman, piano
God with Us	description	A 21-second audio sample of chorus from \
So Long Self	description	An audio sample of the first chorus from \
All That Is Within Me	description	The album's first track, \
All That Is Within Me	description	Described as the album's \
Untrue	description	The track features pitch-shifted samples of a voice singing \
Out from Under	description	26.0
Enter the Grave	description	--03-18
Enter the Grave	description	Lead vocalist Matt Drake was \
Gesù bambino	description	Performed in English by the male chorus of the U.S. Army Band with piano accompaniment, c. 2010.
Partita for Violin No. 3	description	Performed on guitar  by Gordon Rowland. Courtesy of Musopen
Fuck the Pain Away	description	The song features \
Little Orphant Annie	description	A 1912 phonograph recording of James Whitcomb Riley reading his famous poem
Little Orphant Annie	description	A 2010 reading of the poem
Indestructible	description	Comparison of the 2008 Indestructible recording of the song \
Indestructible	description	The incorporation of guitar solos, such as the one used in this sample of \
Indestructible	description	45
Ayers Rock	description	20
Ayers Rock	description	Introduction to \
Ayers Rock	description	Soundscape early in the track, evoking the spirituality of the sacred aboriginal place known as Uluru
Ayers Rock	description	Illustrates the change from Australian indigenous sound in one section to a \
Contrasts	description	Recorded in 1940
Run-Away	description	Short sample from \
Clic	description	An audio sample of \
Bachata Rosa	description	A sample of \
Bachata Rosa	description	A sample of \
Radar	description	A sample of Britney Spears's \
One Particular Harbour	description	The title song and first single from One Particular Harbour
Snafu	description	An audio sample of \
BYU choirs	description	30.0
BYU choirs	description	30
Between You and Me	description	30.0
We Can	description	A twenty-eight second sample of Rimes' \
Sakis Rouvas	description	The Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, \
Sakis Rouvas	description	One of Rouvas' biggest hits, \
Sakis Rouvas	description	Rouvas' second Eurovision entrant won the national final with the largest margin in the program's history.
Sakis Rouvas	description	This power ballad in Rouvas' signature style has many of the singer's vocal trademarks, including dynamics and high notes.
Henri Reznik	description	recorded October 2012
Jesse Saunders	description	\
Fiori musicali	description	Performed on the Taylor and Boody organ at Marquand Chapel, Yale University
Watching the River Flow	description	Dylan's backing band on \
Royal Chocolate Flush	description	A 25-second sample of the second chorus of \
Propaganda of the Spanish–American War	description	A June 1898 recording of a United States patriotic song.
Paper Trail	description	In the album's first single, the song narrates T.I. rising above his misfortunes, including a prison sentence for weapons charges.
Paper Trail	description	In the second single, T.I. melodically raps along a beat of lead synthesizers and drum pattern.
Natural	description	An A natural, then A.
Independent	description	Webbie featuring Lil Boosie & Lil Phat of 3 Deep's \
Serpentine Fire	description	Earth, Wind & Fire's \
Heart Station	description	A 30-second sample of \
Database of Interacting Proteins	description	protein interaction database
Bill Keith	description	Bill Keith playing a banjo equipped with Keith Pegs
Feel Like Makin' Love	description	Roberta Flack's \
Nobody Sees	description	30.0
Sergei Storchak	description	recorded September 2012
Mercedes-Benz W154	description	A W154 being started up and driven away at the Goodwood Festival of Speed in 2009.
List of compositions by Richard Strauss	description	All played by Tjako van Schie
NCI-Nature Pathway Interaction Database	description	Pathway Interaction Database.
Sugarhill Gang	description	30.0
Smoke Some Kill	description	Excerpt of main riff and break
Partita in A minor for solo flute	description	Performed by Alex Murray
Partita in A minor for solo flute	description	Performed on a traverso by Alex Murray
Partita in A minor for solo flute	description	Performed on a modern flute by Scott Goff
Flute Sonata in E major, BWV 1035	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Flute Sonata in E minor, BWV 1034	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein . See also the very similar recording by Al Goldstein and Martha Goldstein here
Flute Sonata in E minor, BWV 1034	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Flute Sonata in C major, BWV 1033	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Flute Sonata in A major, BWV 1032	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Flute Sonata in E-flat major, BWV 1031	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Flute Sonata in B minor, BWV 1030	description	Performed by Alex Murray  and Martha Goldstein
Flute Sonata in B minor, BWV 1030	description	Performed by Felix Skowronek  and Martha Goldstein
Alestorm	description	A clip from Keelhauled illustrates Alestorm's style of play.
Čelopek, Brvenica	description	Exceprt from a story told by an old woman from Čelopek in the native Lower Polog dialect
Presidency of Jimmy Carter	description	--09-07
Presidency of John F. Kennedy	description	--10-22
Presidency of John F. Kennedy	description	John F. Kennedy's announcement of the establishment of the Peace Corps
Presidency of John F. Kennedy	description	--06-10
Presidency of John F. Kennedy	description	--06-26
Presidency of John F. Kennedy	description	Audio-only version
Presidency of Richard Nixon	description	--08-08
Presidency of Harry S. Truman	description	Harry S. Truman's speech on leaving office, and returning home to Independence, Missouri.
All Hope Is Gone	description	\
Fall Out Boy	description	The Phoenix New Times writer Martin Cizmar wrote that \
NoTime	description	The first track on the Downtown Nowhere (EP) CD.
No Air	description	A sample of the song, featuring both Sparks's and Brown's vocals during the chorus.
Whatever It Takes	description	\
John Longhurst	description	Text written by Bruce R. McConkie in 1972 with music written by John Longhurst in 1985. Performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square in 2007.
A Virgin Unspotted	description	\
Jailhouse Rock	description	Elvis Presley's \
The Soulmen	description	Sample of \
The Soulmen	description	Sample of \
Dangerously in Love 2	description	2.0
My Love Is Pink	description	A sample of \
Feedback	description	Janet uses metaphors and questions the listener over the song's electro instrumentation.
Low	description	Flo Rida featuring T-Pain's \
Scream	description	A 32-second sample of the chorus of \
Woo! Yeah!	description	The loop as heard on the original single, \
Start All Over	description	21.0
Jazz drumming	description	The clave used most commonly in Africa, based on a feeling of three.
Jazz drumming	description	A musician playing a 2-3 clave.
Jazz drumming	description	The shuffle pattern, derived from the pattin' juba rhythm.
Bassline	description	Excerpt from \
Bassline	description	An example from \
Pocketful of Sunshine	description	An 18-second sample of \
4 Minutes	description	A 24-second sample of Madonna's \
Harry J. Lincoln	description	Lincoln's 1914 march The Fire Master, played by the U.S. Air Force Band
2 B R 0 2 B	description	An audio recording of 2 B R 0 2 B
Marie Rappold	description	Marie Rappold performing \
Marie Rappold	description	\
I'm Just Wild About Harry	description	--05-17
When You Look Me in the Eyes	description	23.0
Pietro Frosini	description	A 1916 recording of \
D'Gary	description	The valiha and marovany inspired Malagasy guitarist D'Gary.
Mexico City Metro Line 2	description	At General Anaya station.
Bright College Years	description	Sung by the 2006 Yale Whiffenpoofs
Soul Food Taqueria	description	The song features vocalist Gresham Taylor, breakbeat samples, and wah wah guitar.
Soul Food Taqueria	description	The track has bossa nova and West Coast jazz-influenced instrumentation.
Soul Food Taqueria	description	The song's musical arrangement has a Latin influence.
Soul Food Taqueria	description	The lo-fi instrumental features funk grooves and Guerrero's detailed guitar.
Soul Food Taqueria	description	One of atmospheric break tracks.
Doppler fetal monitor	description	Recording from a consumer grade fetal doppler monitor of a ~16 week fetus.
Michael Jackson	description	Jackson's song \
Michael Jackson	description	A single from the album Bad, released 1988, \
Michael Jackson	description	The lead single from Dangerous, \
James Blunt	description	\
U-Neek	description	Porder Patrol audio sample
En mi Viejo San Juan	description	17.0
Elektra chord	description	Elektra chord as arpeggio then simultaneously
The Gift That Keeps Giving	description	Short sample from \
Fiasco	description	30.0
Revolution	description	First HD audio for checking surround channels
La cathédrale engloutie	description	Recorded by pianist Ivan Ilic in April 2006, Paris
Namidairo	description	Yui's 11th Single, \
Pretty. Odd.	description	A sample of \
Pretty. Odd.	description	A sample of \
W.E.L.T.	description	29.0
Folk music of Ireland	description	--07-17
RefSeq	description	curated non-redundant sequence database of genomes.
2008 State of the Union Address	description	--01-28
Dhak	description	47.0
Step Up 2: The Streets	description	A 22-second sample of Flo Rida featuring T-Pain's \
Clarinet Quintet	description	Performed by William McColl and the Orford String Quartet
Sapho	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
I Love You Truly	description	Sung by Elsie Baker, 1912
Halloween	description	Sonic Youth cover of \
The Ecstatic	description	On \
Krzysztof Meyer	description	Music sample from work of Krzysztof Meyer
Orquestra Simfònica del Gran Teatre del Liceu	description	The orchestra providing accompaniment to the opera Les pêcheurs de perles by Georges Bizet in 1929
Antonio Pasculli	description	Performed by Alex Klein, oboe and Lisa Bergman, piano
Julien Perrichon	description	A dance, originally written for lute, performed on the clavichord.
Rockferry	description	The album focuses on love themes, as seen on \
Drumming	description	An example of the \
East to West	description	A 26-second audio sample of the second verse of the song.
Lobet den Herrn, alle Heiden, BWV 230	description	Lobet den Herrn BWV 230 by J.S. Bach St. Andrew's Choir Easter 2012
HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee	description	HGNC is responsible for approving unique symbols and names for human loci, including protein coding genes, RNA genes and pseudogenes, to allow unambiguous scientific communication.
Snuffy Jenkins	description	1956
A Question of Honour	description	Sample of A Question of Honour.
How Can Heaven Love Me	description	Sample of How Can Heaven Love Me.
Frieda Hempel	description	Enrico Caruso, Frieda Hempel, Maria Duchêne, Andrés de Segurola and Léon Rothier performing \
Pasquale Amato	description	\
I Could Fall in Love	description	A sample of \
Techno Cumbia	description	The remix version of \
Amor Prohibido	description	15
Broken	description	Lifehouse lead singer Jason Wade sings the main chorus of the song.
Set the Mood	description	Audio sample of \
Page 44	description	36.0
La reine de Saba	description	Performed by the U.S. Marine Band in 1954.
Better in Time	description	A sample of \
60s 70s 80s	description	A 23-second clip of \
Mike Got Spiked	description	25.0
Arabic maqam	description	File:Bayati.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:Hijaz scale.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:Jiharkah.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:Ouchairan-houssaini.png
Arabic maqam	description	File:Rast scale.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:Chadda arabane.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:El houzam.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:Nawa atar.png
Arabic maqam	description	File:Rahat el arouah.svg
Arabic maqam	description	File:Saba.png
Rock with U	description	23
Louis-Emmanuel Jadin	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Could You Be Loved	description	Could You Be Loved audio sample
Hexany	description	7
Hexany	description	9
Das Liebesmahl der Apostel	description	Das Liebesmahl der Apostel in a 16-minute abridged instrumental arrangement by M. Pohle for brass band, played by the United States Marine Corps Band.
Touch My Body	description	A 19-second sample of \
Olmstead Luca	description	Olmstead Luca's music for \
Alla flickor	description	The demo of \
Love in This Club	description	The mid-tempo song features shuddering synth beats
Carillon de Westminster	description	Matthias Flierl plays the organ of St. Jakob, Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Germany
Sexy Can I	description	Ray J featuring Yung Berg perform \
The Worship Project	description	A sample of \
The Worship Project	description	A sample of \
The Worship Project	description	A sample of the song \
Maria Haukaas Mittet	description	4.73364E8
Justin Welby	description	--07-26
Piano four hands	description	Awadagin Pratt and student pianist Lucy Hattemer perform Franz Schubert's piano four-hands Fantasia in F minor, 1st and 4th movements at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
Métro léger de Tunis	description	We hear the arrival of tram unit M236, coupled to another, on Tunis Metro route 4, southbound, at Station 'Place de la République'. The units stand while passengers alight and board, doors hiss closed, and then the trams depart.
Chande	description	Abbara
Cello Sonata No. 2	description	Performed by John Michel
Alas, I Cannot Swim	description	The use of understated percussion is evident on \
Deliver Me	description	Sample of Deliver Me.
Eden	description	Sample of Sarah Brightman's version of \
Dark Star Safari	description	--09-01
Slave to the Music	description	Sample of \
Mississippi Mud	description	Original 1927 recording by The Rhythm Boys
Here with Me	description	An audio sample of the first chorus from \
Pat Fleet	description	Listen to last-call return , voiced by Pat Fleet.
Jess Robinson	description	--06-25
It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back	description	The track features aggressive rapping by Chuck D and exemplfies the album's sample-heavy production.
Bryn Haworth	description	An audio sample of \
Scherzo No. 3	description	performed November 2011
Electric	description	A sample of \
New Cutie Honey	description	This Japanese version used in the first four episodes was advertised as a \
New Cutie Honey	description	This English cover, which has a softer beat, replaces les 5-4-3-2-1's version in later episodes, and was also used for the first four in an ADV Films release.
Unexpected	description	Williams's most successful and lead single from Unexpected
Unexpected	description	The album's second U.S. single which topped the Billboard Dance charts.
Temperament ordinaire	description	from L'art de toucher le Clavecin by François Couperin, performed by Robert Schröter on a harpsichord tuned in equal temperament
Temperament ordinaire	description	The same work performed in a reconstructed tuning of \
Perry Bradford	description	The first recording of vocal blues by an African-American singer, Mamie Smith's performance of Perry Bradford's \
Flying Easy Loving Crazy	description	A 30-second sample of the bridge and third chorus of \
Yes Forever	description	A 30-second sample of the beginning chorus of \
Yakusoku no Tsubasa	description	A 30-second sample of the second pre-chorus of \
Who Really Cares	description	30.0
Lip liner	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski receiving lip liner from make-up artist Samuel Paul for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Jakob Dont	description	Performed by David Hernando
Does Anybody Hear Her	description	A 26-second audio sample of parts of the second chorus and bridge of the song.
Goin' Home	description	Shepp plays tenor saxophone on the song, complemented by Parlan's bluesy, rhapsodic piano.
All I Feel	description	Ray J featuring Yung Berg perform \
For Emma, Forever Ago	description	\
Jorge Vargas González	description	The lyrics of \
Tenores di Bitti	description	Tenores di Bitti Mialinu Pira Live recording in Modena, June 2011
Let the Days Go By	description	An audio sample of \
Sunny Side of the Street	description	An audio sample of \
I Loved Yesterday	description	I Loved Yesterday lead song, \
Hercules and Love Affair	description	Lead single \
Neuroscience Information Framework	description	Web-based neuroscience resources: data, materials, and tools
Dicen Que Soy	description	28.0
Richard A. Rogers	description	recorded January 2015
Stabule	description	Song played on the stabule instrument
Take a Bow	description	A 22-second sample of \
Three Jolly Rogues	description	The only known recording of Bismarck's voice. See the file's page for a transcript and other details.
Dream a Little Dream	description	Elliot's signature piece, released as a single in 1968, and became most famous rendition of the song
Hexachordum Apollinis	description	The fifth Aria from 'Hexachordum Apollinis'  played by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the organ in Smecno, Czech Republic built cca. 1587 .
Hexachordum Apollinis	description	The sixth Aria from 'Hexachordum Apollinis'  played by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the organ in Zlata Koruna, Czech Republic built 1699.
O Filii et Filiæ	description	Gregorian Chant of O filii et filiae
Marinella & Antonis Remos – Live	description	Live at the Athens Arena, in 2007.
Stretch	description	\
Like an Angel Passing Through My Room	description	The opening thirty seconds of \
Sweet About Me	description	A sample of \
Burnin' Up	description	17.0
When a Knight Won His Spurs	description	124.0
DbSNP	description	Single-nucleotide polymorphism
DbSNP	description	Database
When I Lost You	description	Sung by Henry Burr in 1913 for Edison Records
Catya Maré	description	Catya Maré compilation
Au clair de la lune	description	1860
Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville	description	--04-09
Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville	description	Speed and pitch corrected to reflect Scott's voice.
Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville	description	The recording slowed down, revealing a man's voice, presumably Scott's.
Walsall Hospital Radio	description	An intro to a show broadcast on Walsall Hospital Radio
Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty	description	The strip club-themed track features booming bass, Afro-polyrhythms, synth vamps, and reverbing guitar.
Year of the Gentleman	description	\
Year of the Gentleman	description	The remix features Fabolous and Jamie Foxx.
We Break the Dawn	description	Williams's most successful and lead single from Unexpected
Coinside	description	\
Louis Cottrell, Jr.	description	Performed by the Onward Brass Band
Louis Cottrell, Jr.	description	Composed by Cottrell, Lloyd C. Glenn and Don Albert in 1954, the song was included on New Orleans: The Living Legends
Ingressive sound	description	Norwegian spoken ja juxtaposed with ingressive
The One	description	A sample of the song, in which Minogue sings the chorus. The song is an electropop song which is the album version.
The Proletariat	description	\
The Proletariat	description	\
This Time Around	description	A 25-second long audio sample of \
I've Been to the Mountaintop	description	30.0
Four Freedoms	description	--01-06
Give It 2 Me	description	28.0
Fantasy Ride	description	A sample of \
Bye Bye	description	A 28-second sample of \
Loaded	description	A sample of \
Loaded	description	A sample of \
Me	description	The original ballad by Sandy Lam.
Me	description	Super Junior-M's rendition of the original, incorporated with more harmonization and modern instrumental.
Symphony for Organ No. 5	description	Performed by Hans-Eberhard Roß
Clarinet Concerto No. 2	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Courtesy of Musopen
Viola Concerto in G major	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra with Elias Goldstein
The Italian Job	description	An excerpt from Matt Monro's On Days Like These
Prilep-Bitola dialect	description	Folk epic told by a resident of Topolčani, Prilep region
Prilep-Bitola dialect	description	Tale told by a woman from the city of Bitola
Silent Cry	description	\
Vevčani-Radožda dialect	description	Excerpt from a folk story told by a woman from Vevčani in the Vevčani-Radožda dialect
Vevčani-Radožda dialect	description	Excerpt old woman from Vevčani about the village traditions around Lazarus Saturday told in the Vevčani-Radožda dialect
Lower Polog dialect	description	Excerpt from a story told by an old woman from Čelopek in the Lower Polog dialect
String Quartet No. 17	description	Performed by Budapest String Quartet in 1926
A Little Bit Longer	description	A sample of \
A Little Bit Longer	description	A sample of \
Struga dialect	description	Excerpt from a folk fairy tale told by an old woman from Mali Vlaj in the Struga dialect
Shulin, Albania	description	Excerpt from a story told by an older woman from Shulin in the native Lower Prespa dialect
Kumanovo dialect	description	Excerpt of a story from Matejče told in the Kumanovo dialect.
Skopje-Veles dialect	description	Excerpt from speech by a man from Bardovci, Skopje region
Skopje-Veles dialect	description	Excerpt from a tale told by a man from Šiševo, Skopje region
Lower Prespa dialect	description	Excerpt from the life story of an old woman from Shulin, Lower Prespa  speaking in the Lower Prespa dialect
Lower Prespa dialect	description	Excerpt from a man from Nivici, Mala Prespa  speaking in the Lower Prespa dialect
Skopska Crna Gora dialect	description	Excerpt from a tale told by a man from Brodec, modern Čučer-Sandevo Municipality.
Sing Brother Sing	description	25.0
Ohrid dialect	description	Excerpt from speech by an old man from the Kaneo  neighbourhood of Ohrid
Ohrid dialect	description	Excerpt from speech of an old woman from Trpejca, Ohrid region
The Stolen Earth	description	The Dalek leitmotif for the series finale, which is overlaid on scenes of their invasion.
Light Cavalry Overture	description	Franz von Suppé's overture to the opera Leichte Kavallerie, played by the United States Marine Band and directed by Colonel John R. Bourgeois. Date of performance: 1993.
Violet Hill	description	The music of \
Yevhen Hrebinka	description	Mykola Lysenko , Volodymyr Okilko , Gabriella Astalosh
Where the Light Is	description	From the album Where The Light Is: John Mayer Live In Los Angeles.
Beat It	description	The lyrics of \
Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams	description	1960.0
Confessions of a Shopaholic	description	A 17-second sample of \
Ain't That Good News	description	The opening track is a secular adaptation of a gospel tune.
Ain't That Good News	description	The album's and Sam Cooke's most well-known recording featured orchestral arrangements.
Revelation	description	\
Revelation	description	\
Revelation	description	The album's lead single has a pop rock sound.
Carmel Quartet	description	Performed by the Carmel Quartet in 2007
Carmel Quartet	description	Performed by the Carmel Quartet, with soprano Rona Israel-Kolatt, in 2007
Farther Along	description	A rendition of Farther Along, performed by the famous Million Dollar Quartet during the Sun Session.
Sheep	description	A sheep bleat
Gilad Hochman	description	Aachen Chamber Choir; Martin te Laak – conductor, Walter Mengler – cello.
2008–09 Los Angeles Lakers season	description	--01-25
Love in This Club Part II	description	Lil Wayne's voice is modified with a vocoder in the song, which samples \
Silky sifaka	description	General purpose alarm call
Silky sifaka	description	Roar given in response to large birds
Silky sifaka	description	Submissive signal
Silky sifaka	description	Sound made when an individual gets lost
Silky sifaka	description	Contact call
Silky sifaka	description	Another type of contact call
The Slip	description	Album version, as it appeared on The Slip.
Neon Knights	description	Sample of \
Tori no Uta	description	Soundbite of a plagiarizing section in \
Bossy	description	22.0
Die Königin von Saba	description	Sung by Andreas Dippel in 1906 for Edison Records
LoveLikeFire	description	A sample of \
Viva la Vida	description	The sample contains the beginning snippet of the song
Glits	description	120.0
Pieces of a Man	description	The ode to jazz legends Billie Holiday and John Coltrane demonstrates Scott-Heron's blend of jazz-funk and blues.
Pieces of a Man	description	The opening track features hip hop elements such as spoken word lyricism, minimalist production and heavy drumbeats.
Pieces of a Man	description	The song contains socially conscious lyrics, and is one of Scott-Heron's most well-known compositions.
Mando II	description	Mando's first single after a five year break.
United States Marine Corps	description	John Philip Sousa's \
I Kissed a Girl	description	An 18-second audio sample of Perry singing the chorus of \
List of compositions by Luigi Boccherini	description	Performed by Jacques Lochet, violin and synthesizer
Rorate Coeli	description	An excerpt of Rorate Coeli sung in Latin
7 Things	description	The uptempo refrains of Miley Cyrus' \
Solun-Voden dialect	description	Man from Cakoni, Voden region  speaking in the Solun-Voden dialect
Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa	description	14.0
Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa	description	24.0
Eukaryotic Linear Motif resource	description	eukaryotic linear motifs.
Veneration of Mary in the Catholic Church	description	Marian antiphon sung at Compline and Lauds between the First Sunday of Advent and Candlemas
Phosida	description	posttranslational modification database.
École L'Odyssée	description	A French excerpt of the speech by New Brunswick Premier Bernard Lord during École L'Odyssée's inauguration, demonstrating the implication of the government leading up to the ceremony
The Greatest Hit	description	The song samples Madonna's 1982 dance-pop single \
When I Grow Up	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
2009 NBA Finals	description	--01-25
Moving Mountains	description	The song's chorus, demonstrating its slow tempo and Usher's use of falsetto
Tettigonia viridissima	description	35.0
The Interns	description	The Interns single released in the UK in 1964
Miles Away	description	A 28-second sample to Madonna's \
The Creatures of Prometheus	description	NBC Symphony Orchestra conducted by Arturo Toscanini, recorded in 1944
The Creatures of Prometheus	description	Performed by Leila Storch , William McColl , and Anita Cummings
Pierre Gaveaux	description	From ''Le Trompeur Trompé. Montserrat Alvedra, soprano; William McColl, clarinet; Joseph Levine, fortepiano. Played on historical instruments.
Vesperae solennes de Dominica	description	Magnificat
Trois nouvelles études	description	Martha Goldstein playing on an Erard
Trois nouvelles études	description	Performed by Muriel Nguyen Xuan
Trois nouvelles études	description	Performed by Donald Betts. Courtesy of Musopen
Alan Dawa Dolma	description	Alan employing the \
Eddy Fort Moda Grog	description	22.0
Angels from the Realms of Glory	description	Tune for Angels from the Realms of Glory
Fantasy Black Channel	description	\
American Airlines Flight 11	description	504.0
American Airlines Flight 11	description	513.0
Roman Catholic Marian music	description	Marian antiphon sung at Compline and Lauds between the First Sunday of Advent and Candlemas
Shri Radhika Krishnashtaka	description	Vocal version of the Radhashtak, official version from the Swaminarayan Sampraday Website
Bust a Move	description	Young MC's \
Kriva Palanka dialect	description	Excerpt of a story from Ginovci told in Kriva Palanka dialect
Xenogears Original Soundtrack	description	30
Disturbia	description	A 23-second sample of song's chorus that can be likened in similarity to Eiffel 65's \
The Gospel Train	description	\
Shawano Lake	description	Ice racing on Shawano Lake — 2.3 MB
I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time	description	A sample of \
Metropolis Rescore	description	Theme from The New Pollutants Metropolis Rescore
Annette Karmiloff-Smith	description	--01-22
Satisfied	description	Guitar feedback in \
Satisfied	description	The \
Robert Wells	description	Sample from Rhapsody in Rock - Completely Live
One	description	A 25-seconds sample of \
Tous les Matins du Monde	description	Performed by New Comma Baroque
King Cotton	description	John Philip Sousa's \
Bob Farrell	description	\
Si Tú Te Atreves	description	30.0
Coventry Mystery Plays	description	The Coventry Carol, describes the Slaughter of the Innocents. Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus.
WBJZ	description	Legal ID from WBJZ's country days in 2003 as \
The Double	description	The winning call of the 1995 American League Division Series as called by Dave Niehaus, one of his most famous calls.
Maleševo-Pirin dialect	description	Excerpt from speech by a man from the Maleševo region
Maleševo-Pirin dialect	description	Excerpt from speech by a man from the city of Berovo
Maleševo-Pirin dialect	description	Excerpt from speech by a man from Vladimirovo
Coltrane for Lovers	description	John Coltrane performs tenor saxophone on the romantic ballad, which features jazz vocalist Johnny Hartman.
Frank Ricotti	description	An audio sample of \
Play My Music	description	19.0
List of compositions by Fernando Sor	description	The second piece from Twelve Minuets, Opus 11, early 19th century
List of compositions by Fernando Sor	description	The first piece from Sor's 24 Progressive Lessons For Beginners, Opus 31, c.1828
List of compositions by Fernando Sor	description	Performed in 2009, this is from Sor's 24 Exercises composed c. 1828
Yorckscher Marsch	description	The \
Test Drive	description	Test Drive video game theme tunes, as played through the PC Speaker.
The Beautiful Ones	description	A sample of Prince's \
It's Not Me, It's You	description	22.0
Just Dance	description	24.0
Modified stock car racing	description	Unsanctioned dirt modified racing at Beaver Dam Raceway — 2.1 MB
Pushin' Me Away	description	An eighteen second sample of \
Tonight	description	20.0
Trans-Europe Express	description	Kraftwerk's \
Only by the Night	description	Kings of Leon's \
Hot Lips	description	Performed by Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra, Victor 18920A, 23 Jun 1922
A Puro Dolor	description	21.0
Mädchen	description	Sample from the single Mädchen
Roar	description	Lion roaring, ogg/Vorbis format.
Roar	description	Red deer roaring, ogg/Vorbis format.
Roar	description	Howler monkey roaring, ogg/Vorbis format.
Headhunterz	description	\
Headhunterz	description	Sample of \
Headhunterz	description	\
Headhunterz	description	\
Alfred	description	A somewhat degraded copy of a phonograph cylinder recorded by Albert Farrington in 1914 for Edison Records
Midnight in a Perfect World	description	Sample from \
Invercargill March	description	Played by the U.S. Air Force Band
Alex Lithgow	description	Lithgow's Invercargill March  by the US Air Force Band
Alex Lithgow	description	1890.0
Praise You In This Storm	description	A 28-second audio sample of the second verse of the song, which utilizes a wall of sound dynamic.
Winter in America	description	The song features bluesy, mellow instrumentation and critical lyrics about cultural roots and disillusionment. It is reprised on the closing track.
Winter in America	description	The live recording has a mystic jazz style and themes of social disillusionment, a dystopian state, and references to democracy and the environment.
Who%3F	description	The song's lyrics make reference to California Penal Code Section 261.5, the state's statutory rape law.
The Revival	description	The song has a high dance tempo  and jubilant tone. It is described by one writer as \
Sons of Soul	description	The uptempo song incorporates older soul and New jack swing styles, and with a chanted chorus of \
House of Music	description	\
House of Music	description	\
So What	description	A 21-second sample of \
Black Ice	description	Sample of the album's lead single, \
Breezin'	description	George Benson's \
The Biz Never Sleeps	description	Biz Markie's \
The Billboard March	description	Played by the U.S. Air Force Band
Stepping Stone	description	Duffy's \
Music of the Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles series	description	Opening theme to Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles
Humoresques	description	Arranged for viola and piano by Elias Goldstein, performed by Elias Goldstein  and Monica Pavel
Boo!	description	30
Anatoly Adamishin	description	recorded September 2012
Serenade for Wind Instruments	description	Performed by the Virtual Philharmonic Orchestra  with digital samples
Miss Independent	description	Ne-Yo's \
Miss Independent	description	Ne-Yo, Fabolous & Jamie Foxx' \
Take Me on the Floor	description	\
Look What You Made Me	description	Ray J featuring Yung Berg perform \
SNPedia	description	a wiki of human single-nucleotide polymorphisms and genotypes
Growling	description	A growl on a baritone saxophone.
The Greatest	description	A 34-second sample of the second verse and chorus.
Trading Places	description	The song contains lyrics relating to sexual role reversal
Overture on Hebrew Themes	description	Performed by members of the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Symphony No. 2	description	Passage spanning conclusion of the second episode and beginning the first refrain
Crying Time	description	\
Hiccup	description	The sound of a human hiccup
Whatever You Like	description	The chorus of the song contains repeated words with an echo-like digital effect.
James Earl Jones	description	--05-12
James Earl Jones	description	Audio only
Everything That Happens Will Happen Today	description	The penultimate chorus of \
Everything That Happens Will Happen Today	description	The final chorus of \
Strange Overtones	description	The final chorus of \
Gas	description	Excerpt from the untitled third track from Zauberberg, demonstrating the characteristic Gas sound.
Beautiful, Dirty, Rich	description	A sample of Gaga's \
Keep the Home Fires Burning	description	Performed by Frederick Wheeler for Edison Records in late 1915
Be Good to Yourself at Least Once a Day	description	An audio sample of \
I Don't Believe You	description	A sample of the song, in which Pink sings the chorus.
Get Back	description	\
Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse	description	1905
Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse	description	1910
Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse	description	1919
Hygene Atoms	description	Song from The New Pollutants album Hygene Atoms
Roland SC-7	description	Various MIDI files rendered into digital format to showcase Roland SC-7 sounds
Don't Forget	description	The opening track, \
Don't Forget	description	\
Fearless	description	A 24-second audio sample of \
Culture of the United States Marine Corps	description	John Philip Sousa's \
G-Dragon	description	His first official solo single, \
G-Dragon	description	Haru Haru, one of the most famous songs of Big Bang was composed by G-Dragon
Untitled	description	30
Fuck the Facts	description	Mullet Fever .
Fuck the Facts	description	Stigmata High-Five .
Right Here	description	Not recorded until late into the album production, \
Fly on the Wall	description	A sample of Miley Cyrus's  \
Thurlow Lieurance	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Andy Warhol	description	23
Beautiful Mess	description	22.0
Bāng Chhun-hong	description	(Written by Lee Lin-chiu, composed by Teng Yu-hsien, sung by \
Bāng Chhun-hong	description	(Written by Koshiji Shirou, originally composed by Teng Yu-hsien, sung by Kirishima Noboru)
Bolalar	description	Sample of the 1998 remix of \
Bolalar	description	Sample of \
Bolalar	description	Sample of \
Change	description	A 28-second audio sample of Taylor Swift's \
Still Standing	description	Monica's top ten hit is a slow-driven love song.
Still Standing	description	The album's second single, which contains a \
Talk	description	--10-20
Rock 'N Roll Train	description	Sample of the album's lead single \
Intimacy	description	The chorus of \
Björk	description	\
Björk	description	The first single from Vespertine , \
Sampling	description	Example of music based on looping and sampling.
GNU Free Documentation License	description	Audio recording of the full text of the GNU Free Documentation License.
Daddy	description	A 29-second sample of the song, featuring Beyoncé singing about the qualities of her father.
Aphex Twin	description	Sample of \
Aphex Twin	description	Sample of \
Aphex Twin	description	4.0
Aphex Twin	description	Sample of 'On' from the 1994 EP On
Aphex Twin	description	Sample of \
Aphex Twin	description	Sample of \
Aphex Twin	description	5.0
Aphex Twin	description	Sample of \
Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band	description	10.0
Funhouse	description	A 21-second sample of \
Imagine	description	An excerpt from the second chorus
My Love: Essential Collection	description	Dion's 1998 global chart topper and her signature song; love theme from Titanic.
R.E.M.	description	Originally released as the band's debut single on Hib-Tone in 1981, \
R.E.M.	description	Sample of \
R.E.M.	description	Sample of \
R.E.M.	description	Sample of \
Ganymede	description	Read by Timothy Carter, music by Steve Gorn, from the Lovers' Legends Unbound collection by Andrew Calimach
Rain	description	typical sound of rain with thunder
Rain	description	The sound of a heavy rain fall in suburban neighborhood
Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren	description	A sample from \
The Bottle	description	Cited by critics as its album's best recording, the song is a rhythmic social commentary on alcohol abuse.
Folie à Deux	description	The first single released from Folie à Deux, \
Folie à Deux	description	The second single from the album, \
D.S.	description	Excerpt of the album track \
Dangerous	description	The lead single from Dangerous, the danceable hard rock song \
James Davis	description	Sample of Above & Beyond's video remix of Madonna's What It Feels Like For A Girl.
Mariański Choir	description	Music sample from song by Guido Albanese
The Recruiting Serjeant	description	\
Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes	description	Music sample from song by Guido Albanese
Tea	description	Wallace Stevens's poem `Tea'
What I Cannot Change	description	30.0
Feel Like Makin' Love	description	Roberta Flack's \
Cal Poly Pomona Broncos	description	Cesare Sodero's band performs part 3   of the overture in 1914.
Théâtre Feydeau	description	A polacca from Le trompeur trompé, an 1800 opéra comique which premièred at the Théâtre Feydeau. Performed on historical instruments, with Montserrat Alavedra as Agathe.
Huw Watkins	description	recorded March 2015
808s & Heartbreak	description	Sample of \
808s & Heartbreak	description	\
Keeps Gettin' Better	description	A sample of \
Lovebug	description	22.0
The Way I See It	description	The song's dark theme of losing a lover to Hurricane Katrina is juxtaposed with upbeat music, which Saadiq felt would evoke the spirit of New Orleans' jazz funerals.
The Way I See It	description	\
Poker Face	description	23.0
If I Were a Boy	description	\
Circus Farm	description	Gibson Firebird electric guitar with Soundlab amplifier
Circus Farm	description	Martin acoustic guitar and Leslie cabinet
Le trompeur trompé	description	Polacca, sung by , performed on historical instruments
Als Luise die Briefe ihres ungetreuen Liebhabers verbrannte	description	Performed in 1952 by Janny van Wering , Elisabeth Margano
Amhrán na bhFiann	description	Full Verse of Amhrán na bhFiann
Love Story	description	A 24-second audio sample of Taylor Swift's \
Eleanor Roosevelt	description	--01-06
Walking on Air	description	29.0
Benito Mussolini	description	--07-25
New Deal	description	Roosevelt's first Fireside Chat on the Banking Crisis
Mind Garage Early Years	description	Sample of \
Charles Ancliffe	description	National Promenade Band
Enamorada de Ti	description	The remix version of \
The Paras	description	Written by Conn Bernard
El Son de la Negra	description	Intro sample.
Symphony No. 17	description	Performed by the Tsumugi Orchestra conducted by Takashi Inoue
Catch the Rainbow	description	A 30-second sample of the second chorus of \
Kevin Rudolf	description	\
Circus	description	The pre-chorus of \
Womanizer	description	The pre-chorus of \
Orientations of Proteins in Membranes database	description	The database provides spatial arrangement of proteins in the lipid bilayer
Mediocre	description	A short audio clip from the track \
Bust Your Windows	description	A twenty four second sample of Jazmine Sullivan's \
I Want To Go Back To Michigan	description	Performed by Billy Murray for Edison Records in 1914.
Love vs. Money	description	A sample of \
Love vs. Money	description	\
Let It Rock	description	\
 Voyager	description	30.0
Say OK	description	A 31-second sample of Vanessa Hudgens' \
Nada	description	30.0
Community Cyberinfrastructure for Advanced Microbial Ecology Research and Analysis	description	Community Cyberinfrastructure for Advanced Microbial Ecology Research and Analysis
If Not for You	description	\
Frog Legs Rag	description	A full-length synthesized performance of \
The Escape Engine	description	\
The Escape Engine	description	\
Te Deum	description	Courtesy of Musopen
That International Rag	description	Performed by Billy Murray in 1913 for Edison Records.
The Devil's Dream	description	Tune for The Devil's Dream
Face to Face	description	\
Hong Nan-pa	description	It was composed in 1921 and recorded in 1931 by Hong Nan-pa
Armin Schibler	description	Performed by Arthur Grossman
Lyudmila Alexeyeva	description	recorded October 2012
Al Jolson	description	Al Jolson's hit 1920 recording of George Gershwin and Irving Caesar's 1919 \
Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning	description	Sung by Arthur Fields in 1919
Marat Gelman	description	recorded May 2013
Thank You My Teens	description	\
Marguerite Sylva	description	From Le Cid ; sung for Edison Records  in 1910.
Činč	description	This song is originally from album Ponašanje . This is the version from the various artists compilation Šta treba maloj deci .
Single Ladies	description	A sample of \
Night Waves	description	Voice of Martin Amis, recorded April 2010.
Alexandra Burke	description	The song features R&B genre, however the track explores genres in the song and Digital Spy said the song had a \
Alexandra Burke	description	The song incorporates reggae fusion and dancehall, featuring the line \
Ego	description	A sample of the song's bridge, featuring Knowles' unpolished vocals.
Halo	description	A 26-second sample of the third and final pre-chorus and chorus of \
I Set My Friends on Fire	description	\
Suite española	description	Performed on a guitar by Gordon Rowland.
Kristyna Myles	description	\
Stryper	description	Sample of \
Houston, we have a problem	description	--04-14
Radio	description	A 21-second sample of \
Fearless	description	24.0
Disconnected	description	Sample of \
Disconnected	description	Sample of a live performance of \
International Knockout Mouse Consortium	description	International Knockout Mouse Consortium
Emma Carelli	description	Performed by Carelli in 1906
Finnish language	description	Taken from Wikipedia article on the Finnish language in Finnish
Circus	description	A sample of \
Sathi	description	63.0
The Fear	description	A 30-second sample of \
Yunus-bek Yevkurov	description	recorded June 2013
Yaman	description	103.0
Apagorevmeno	description	20.0
Eternally	description	A sample from the chorus of the original version.
Eternally	description	A sample from the version used for Innocent Love.
Devil's Pie	description	One of the few tracks from Voodoo to have extensive sampling, with lyrics criticizing hip hop materialism.
You're Not Sorry	description	A sample of Swift's \
Burn	description	A sample of \
Jonathan Greatorex	description	Recorded in January 2014
InterMine	description	Open source data warehouse system for the integration and analysis of biological data.
String Quartets, Op. 20	description	The cello states the theme, playing in a register above the accompanying second violin and viola.
String Quartets, Op. 20	description	As it appears in the exposition, and later, transformed, in the recapitulation.
String Quartets, Op. 20	description	Op. 20, No. 5, compared to Mozart's quartet K. 421. The Sturm und Drang character, and the accompanying eighth note figures are similar.
Presidency of Barack Obama	description	--02-24
Presidency of Barack Obama	description	Audio-only version
Presidency of Barack Obama	description	President Obama's address
Presidency of Barack Obama	description	audio only version
Para Siempre	description	\
Para Siempre	description	The only song to present a successful relationship.
Phil Spector	description	In August 1963, Spector produced and was given writing credit to \
Saint Dymphna	description	The musical construction of \
Sweet Dreams	description	A 20-second sample of the refrain of \
The Loving Kind	description	The song's lyrics are wistful and melancholy.
Lev Leshchenko	description	Sample of \
Music of the Command & Conquer series	description	Short clip of Act on Instinct — 173 KB
Music of the Command & Conquer series	description	Short clip of Hell March — 571 KB
Music of the Command & Conquer series	description	Short clip of Dusk Hour — 195 KB
Music of the Command & Conquer series	description	2.0
Use Somebody	description	Kings of Leon's \
Not Without a Fight	description	Samples of \
Alec Holowka	description	Alec composed the score for Aquaria.
Slow Fade	description	A 26-second audio sample of the second verse of the song.
Intuition	description	Jamie Foxx featuring T-Pain's \
Intuition	description	Ne-Yo, Fabolous & Jamie Foxx' \
Out of This Club	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
Breakout	description	A sample of Miley Cyrus' \
Irthes	description	25.0
W. Paris Chambers	description	Performed by the U.S. Air Force Concert Band
Three O'Clock in the Morning	description	Three O'clock In The Morning, performed by Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra for Victor Records.
Sequins 2	description	A brassy baroque pop song using a metaphor of rain and harvesting.
Honey	description	Recorded by Rudy Vallée & His Connecticut Yankees in 1929
You Belong with Me	description	Taylor Swift's \
8HA	description	An air check of radio station 8HA captured in April 1986
Sequins 3	description	The song features brass sections and a boogie rhythm.
Psalms chord	description	Arpeggio; then as a simultaneity
Joe Hill Louis	description	\
Turnin Me On	description	A sample of \
Diva	description	\
My President	description	Young Jeezy featuring Nas in a sample of \
Martin Haase	description	--09-18
Harry Brannon	description	Crooner Harry Brannon's 1948 recording of I'm a Tumbleweed
Comin' Thro' the Rye	description	Tune for Comin' Thro' the Rye
Romantic Pieces	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein  and Monica Pavel
Neide Van-Dúnem	description	Neide's first single , from the compilation album Eu e Elas
Neide Van-Dúnem	description	Lead single from Neide's 2009 self-titled debut solo album.
I Miss You	description	A sample of Miley Cyrus' \
2009 Alabama Crimson Tide football team	description	--03-08
If U Seek Amy	description	A sample of Britney Spears's \
Please Read the Letter	description	Robert Plant and Alison Krauss' \
Balkavi	description	Recording of one of Balkavi's poem.
White Horse	description	An 23-second audio sample of Taylor Swift's \
Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories	description	April 2011, President Obama discusses the release of his long-form birth certificate.
Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories	description	audio only version
Eh, Eh	description	1980.0
Tymbal	description	The sound of a cicada in Lower Hutt, New Zealand, recorded in mid-February, 2006
5to Piso	description	A sample of \
5to Piso	description	A sample of \
Brewing Up a Storm	description	From the 1990 album \
The Steady Song	description	Sample of \
Swingin'	description	30.0
I Like Music	description	From the 2008 album Vol IV: Johnny Pyro and the Dance of Evil.
Music of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky	description	Performed by the U.S. Navy Band in an arrangement for wind ensemble by V.F. Safranek
Music of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band
The Troublemaker	description	Along the album, Nelson uses the typical sound style of his band, while performing Gospel music
God Is Born	description	Lyrics by Franciszek Karpiński, 1792.
First inauguration of Barack Obama	description	--01-21
First inauguration of Barack Obama	description	--01-20
Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl	description	Sample from the live 2008 titled song, \
State of Mind	description	Sample of \
Kicks	description	A sample of \
The Corps	description	Bishop H.S. Shipman's \
Parks and Recreation	description	The song was written by Gaby Moreno and Vincent Jones
Parks and Recreation	description	The song was performed by Chris Pratt in \
Shortcut to Somewhere	description	Sample of \
Paul David Wilson	description	Paul David Wilson compose \
Yesterday's Wine	description	The main character remembers his childhood
Yesterday's Wine	description	In the song that names the album, \
Yesterday's Wine	description	Closing the album, the song depicts the funeral of the main character
Go to the Future	description	Critics noted the album's strong use of surround sound, such as in the introduction of \
Go to the Future	description	Critics praised the blend of dance music with traditional rock, such as in \
Suite Punta del Este	description	sample
Sen to Rei	description	Critics noted the changing vocals in the chorus of \
List of compositions by Léo Delibes	description	Ernestine Schumann-Heink
Blake Morgan	description	Sample of Morgan's 2005 track \
Marika Gombitová	description	One of the singer's most recognized songs from 1987. The lyrics stress her interrupted career, culminating in the chorus: Coliseum, glory to fall ▪ How many times time's come to halt ▪ A stone is glorious after all ▪ Coliseum, fame is a fall ▪ How many times time's come to halt ▪ The stone is famous on its own ▪ Above all alone
Marika Gombitová	description	While continuing her musical evolution with Mince na dne fontán in 1983, singer helped popularize electronic musical instruments. In a more comprehensive manner to receive a synthesized voice in place of her own, she utilized vocoder for such tracks as \
Carmine Rojas	description	Excerpt of the track \
Don't Look Any Further	description	An audio sample of \
Always on My Mind	description	Willie Nelson’s “Always on My Mind” from Always on My Mind
Stefan Molyneux	description	Molyneux answers a common question from a Freedomain Radio listener.
Grenadier Guards	description	\
Shin-shiro	description	Critics noted the changing vocals of the chorus of \
Shin-shiro	description	The change from a piano-based song to an electronic dance song in \
Maximum Bob	description	His highest note, from the chorus of \
Maximum Bob	description	One of his lowest notes , from \
Shine, Shine, My Star	description	The Song \
La La Land	description	\
Oops!... I Did It Again	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus, features Spears singing she played with her lover's emotions, and claiming \
Gee	description	\
The High End of Low	description	It is one of the most enthralling tracks on \
The High End of Low	description	The song's themes are about heartbreak.
Fifteen	description	A 21-second audio sample of \
Fantasia in F minor for piano four-hands, D 940	description	Awadagin Pratt and student pianist Lucy Hattemer perform Franz Schubert's piano four-hands Fantasia in F minor, 1st and 4th movements at the White House Classical Music Student Workshop Concert.
Trademark	description	\
La plus que lente	description	Solo piano version, March 2009
La plus que lente	description	An arrangement for strings performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra in November 2007
Mozart in Italy	description	Performed by Michele Laporte  and Philippe Malgouyres
Ave Maria	description	A 23-second sample of the chorus of \
Radio Wars	description	The album's lead single was the introduction to Howling Bells' new sound.
Nuages	description	From a 1946 recording by Django Reinhardt, Stéphane Grappelli and the Quintette du Hot Club de France
US Airways Flight 1549	description	Air traffic control audio from about impact until ditching
Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy	description	30.0
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009	description	--02-24
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009	description	Audio-only version
Left Bank Two	description	12.0
Right Round	description	A 20-second sample of \
Barack Obama speech to joint session of Congress, February 2009	description	--02-24
Barack Obama speech to joint session of Congress, February 2009	description	Audio-only version
Ki	description	On tracks such as \
The Greatest Man That Ever Lived	description	This is a 30-second sample from the song.
Let's Get Crazy	description	A sample of Hannah Montana's \
STRING	description	Search Tool for the Retrieval of Interacting Genes/Proteins
First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency	description	Barack Obama takes the Oath of Office, administered by Chief Justice John G. Roberts
First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency	description	Audio-only version
First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency	description	--01-21
First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency	description	--02-24
First inauguration of Bill Clinton	description	Video of the First inauguration of Bill Clinton.
First inauguration of Bill Clinton	description	audio only version
First inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt	description	Franklin Delano Roosevelt delivering the quoted portion of the address.
Inauguration of John F. Kennedy	description	Audio of John F. Kennedy giving his inaugural address.
Jai Ho	description	A thirty second sample of \
The Prodigy	description	An excerpt of the song \
Alex Salmond	description	--01-16
Wavering Radiant	description	This sample contains the climax from \
Kammermusik	description	performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet
Ossetian language	description	The Lord's Prayer in Ossetic .
Buckethead	description	First two bars of \
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	--02-24
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	Audio-only version
Gettin' It Together	description	The song features rapper Lyrics Born and contains elements of indie rock and lo-fi music.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice	description	Organ arrangement: Josh Perschbacher
The Wandering Songstress	description	A short excerpt from the song \
NeuroLex	description	Dynamic lexicon of neuroscience terms in a Semantic wiki
Calamity Jane	description	Full audiobook . Text.
The Balkan Girls	description	18
Showdown	description	30.0
Dmitry Bykov	description	--06-14
Give Me Up	description	31.0
ConsensusPathDB	description	human functional interaction networks.
Keyboard suite in D minor	description	4
Return the Favor	description	A sample of \
Music of the Mother series	description	10.0
21st Century Breakdown	description	\
21st Century Breakdown	description	\
21st Century Breakdown	description	\
Air on the G String	description	performed by the United States Air Force Band Strings .
Air on the G String	description	performed by Joel Belov  and Robert Gayler
Air on the G String	description	performed by Takako Nishizaki , Capella Istropolitana, Oliver von Dohnányi ; courtesy of Naxos Records
Air on the G String	description	performed by David Hernando Vitores  – \
Tche music	description	from the album \
Ground Mower	description	22.0
M.I.A.	description	21
M.I.A.	description	Short clip of \
Oboe Quartet	description	Performed by Laila Storch  with the Philadelphia Quartet
Call to Quarters	description	Call to Quarters played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Drill Call	description	Drill Call played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Mail Call	description	Mail Call played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Mess Call	description	Mess Call played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Super Mario Bros. theme	description	The above three bars of the theme in its original appearance from Super Mario Bros.
Richard Scheufler	description	Music by Richard Scheufler, Lyrics by ted whang, solo album Between us, Scheufler's Records 2008
This Is War	description	\
Ella Riot	description	Sample from the 2009 Dancethink LP
Ella Riot	description	Sample from the 2011 Love Child EP
Last Train to Paris	description	A sample of \
Love Sex Magic	description	A sample of \
Piano Quartet No. 1	description	Performed by Roxana Pavel Goldstein , Elias Goldstein , Stephen Balderston , and Mathew Ganong
I Know You Want Me	description	30.0
La fille aux cheveux de lin	description	A performance of Debussy's \
United States Air Force Band	description	Composed MSgt John Bliss
United States Air Force Band	description	Arr. CMSgt Michael Davis/MSgt Larry MacTaggart
United States Air Force Band	description	Composed by SMSgt Mike Crotty
United States Air Force Band	description	Arr. MSgt  Charles Granofsky
United States Air Force Band	description	MSgt Jari Villanueva
United States Air Force Band	description	Music by TSgt Matthew Geist, Lyrics by TSgt Robert Smith & MSgt Ryan Carson
The Climb	description	A sample of Miley Cyrus's \
Sick	description	A sample of \
Back to Tennessee	description	A sample of Billy Ray Cyrus' \
Jai Ho!	description	A 29-second sample of \
Crash Love	description	The album's lead single, \
Nothing to My Name	description	Sample of the first verse and chorus of \
Hair roller	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski having a hair roller removed for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Fatum	description	Organ arrangement: Josh Perschbacher
Broken-Hearted Girl	description	A 28-second sample of the midtempo ballad, featuring Knowles' emotion-filled vocals, a cascading weepy piano arrangement, strings and a drum pattern that has been considered hollow
It's Alright, It's OK	description	\
Heebie Jeebies	description	Louis Armstrong's 1926 recording of \
LoveGame	description	A 23-second sample of Gaga's \
Recovery	description	A 28-second song sample. Backed by an electric guitar and a piano, Rihanna sings the second half of the chorus in a sad voice without vibrato. Eminem begins the second verse over an acoustic guitar, violin and pounding drums, expressing frustration in his voice.
Recovery	description	A 23-second sample of the song with the chorus, in which a choir assists Eminem and heavy layering is used
Bangalore Karaga	description	Scintillating nadaswaram played every year during the time of Karaga festival.
Edward Meeker	description	\
Anastasia Prikhodko	description	Sample from \
The League of Gentlemen	description	An audio sample from \
Hoedown Throwdown	description	A sample of Cyrus' \
Paparazzi	description	19.0
Professor Layton and the Last Specter	description	Sample of \
History of Panama	description	--09-07
History of Panama	description	audio only version
Fakin' It	description	The song contains a brief detour into spoken word before returning to music.
Nocturne in C-sharp minor, Op. posth.	description	Courtesy of Musopen
Tanna japonensis	description	--07-17
Vocea Ta	description	\
America	description	27.0
John Hossack	description	1345.0
Lines, Vines and Trying Times	description	A sample of \
Lines, Vines and Trying Times	description	A sample of \
Knock You Down	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Dūdas	description	Song played on the dūdas
Don't Forget	description	\
You Didn't Have to Be So Nice	description	by The Lovin' Spoonful, from Daydream, \n  format=Ogg
Régis Gizavo	description	Malagasy accordion performance by Régis Gizavo
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy screening	description	Echocardiogram
Jūnigatsu no Love Song	description	A 30-second sample of \
Mō Ichido Dake	description	A 30-second sample of \
Mō Ichido Dake	description	A 30-second sample of \
Egao no Mama de	description	A 30-second sample of the first chorus of \
Kaze o Ukete	description	A 25-second sample of the first chorus of \
Guilty Pleasure	description	\
MyExperiment	description	myExperiment
Easy Star's Lonely Hearts Dub Band	description	Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite! audio sample
Bionic	description	Short sample of \
Bionic	description	Short sample of \
Laughter in animals	description	Recorded near Pemberton, Australia
Break Up	description	A 21-second sample of Mario's \
Interferome	description	database of interferon regulated genes
Sunflower Slow Drag	description	A wind band arrangement of a piano original performed in 1994 by the United States Marine Corps Band
Build It Up	description	19.0
Okuru Kotoba	description	A 25-second sample of the chorus and bridge of \
Okuru Kotoba	description	A 30-second sample of the first chorus of \
Kew. Rhone.	description	30.0
Ready	description	Songz's first top ten hit is electronica-driven hip-hop.
Ready	description	The album's fifth single, which contains a \
I Do Not Hook Up	description	A 33-second sample of the chorus of \
De Mí Enamórate	description	18.0
Quiet Exit	description	\
Paradiso	description	Alessandro Sorrentino reads the XXXIII chant of Dante's Paradise
Prohibition in the United States	description	Prohibition era song recorded by Thomas Edison studio, 1922. Duration 3:29.
Butterfly Fly Away	description	A sample of Miley and Billy Ray Cyrus's \
VISTA	description	a database of tissue-specific human enhancers.
Como la Flor	description	40.0
Crazier	description	A sample of Taylor Swift's \
Serenade No. 11	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet with additional artists
Octet	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet with other artists in 1981 at Meany Hall
Émile Bernard	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet with other artists
Lollipop	description	A sample of 2NE1 and Big Bang's \
Altocolony no Teiri	description	Mid-tempo single \
Altocolony no Teiri	description	A sample from the most successful of the album release promotional tracks, \
Altocolony no Teiri	description	Critics praised the folk/gospel choir influences in \
Omid	description	AFSK Telemetry recorded from the Omid satellite.  The deep fades may be caused by the satellite tumbling in its orbit.
 Itsumademo	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
 Itsumademo	description	A 28-second sample of the first chorus of \
Nicki Minaj	description	Minaj switches between her fast-paced Roman Zolanski persona to his mother, Martha, during this 30-second sample of \
Mmm Papi	description	A 17-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings over a latin pop melody mixed with handclaps and a rock guitar.
Music of Chrono Cross	description	Sample of \
Music of Chrono Cross	description	Sample of Chrono Crosss credits theme, demonstrating the voice of Noriko Mitose.
Music of Chrono Cross	description	Sample of \
When Love Takes Over	description	A 19-second sample of \
You'll Always Find Your Way Back Home	description	A sample of Hannah Montana's \
Paranoid	description	21.0
Xenbase	description	Xenbase: a Xenopus laevis and tropicalis bioinformatics resource.
Battlefield	description	\
I Need a Girl	description	A sample of \
Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad	description	30
Baylor University	description	The Baylor University Men's Choir performing the university's alma mater, \
Carrington Moss	description	A lapwing and a common chaffinch at Carrington Moss
Carrington Moss	description	Blackbirds in the distance, accompanied by a wren and a willow warbler
Carrington Moss	description	A wren, and singing distantly a European robin
2NE1	description	2
Of the Blue Colour of the Sky	description	Segment of \
Kung Karls jakt	description	Performed in 1929 by Aleks Wilkko on trumpet and Salonkiorkesteri Graco
Work	description	\
The Beatles' North American releases	description	Sample of \
Old Friends	description	\
I Look to You	description	The second single from I Look to You. The disco song, which samples Loleatta Holloway's \
The Beatles' studio years	description	Sample of \
List of 1920s jazz standards	description	Al Jolson's original recording of \
List of 1930s jazz standards	description	The chord progression from Gershwin's \
Dreaming	description	The beginning of the song's chorus with aspirational lyrics, creating an \
Snake	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, which features R. Kelly singing over a latin-inspired melody.
Chillin	description	A 21-second sample of \
Marina and the Diamonds	description	A sample of \
Rebound	description	Rebound audio sample
Skull	description	Skull audio sample
Not Too Amused	description	Not Too Amused audio sample
Beauty of the Ride	description	Beauty of the Ride audio sample
Ocean	description	Ocean audio sample
Princess	description	Prince-S audio sample
Stop to Love	description	Luther Vandross' \
The Future Will Come	description	Lead single \
Here We Go Again	description	A sample of \
Here We Go Again	description	A sample of \
Martha Goldstein	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano
Minuet WoO 10, No. 2	description	Piano version of Beethoven's Minuet in G Major
Sound Awake	description	28.0
Strumica dialect	description	Excerpt from a folk tale told by a woman from Bansko, Strumica region. The tale shares many similarities with Cinderella by Brothers Grimm.
Thank Me Later	description	The guilt-ridden song exemplifies the album's \
Thank Me Later	description	Drake croons in couplets on the sloppily sentimental, effects-heavy track.
Štip – Kočani dialect	description	Excerpt of speech by a woman from Štip speaking in the dialect about the local wedding customs
Štip – Kočani dialect	description	Excerpt of speech by a woman from Kočani Valley
Štip – Kočani dialect	description	Excerpt of speech by a woman from Bučište, Probištip region
Backspacer	description	A sample of \
22	description	22.0
Flute Quartet No. 1	description	Performed by Felix Skowronek  with the Philadelphia Quartet
Bonnie & Clyde	description	Bonnie & Clyde - Jeremy Jordan and Laura Osnes
Bonnie & Clyde	description	Bonnie & Clyde - Melissa van der Schyff and Laura Osnes
Obsessed	description	A sample of \
Owen Hatherley	description	--08-17
Burleske	description	Performed by Neal O'Doan with the Seattle Philharmonic Orchestra
GENCODE	description	Encyclopædia of genes and gene variants
Where You Go I Go Too	description	Lindstrøm enjoyed the freedom that lengthier tracks allowed. In the title track, the drums do not enter until six minutes into the track.
Violin Sonata in A major, D 574	description	All performed by Dénes Zsigmondy  and Anneliese Nissen
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly	description	From The Good, the Bad and the Ugly soundtrack by Ennio Morricone
Ocho de Bastos	description	\
Ocho de Bastos	description	\
She Wolf	description	18.0
2009–10 Los Angeles Lakers season	description	--01-25
Already Gone	description	A 26-second sample of the bridge and chorus of \
Eleven Chorale Preludes	description	Performed by Matthias Flierl
Dan Hornsby	description	The Shelby Disaster by Dan Hornsby, recorded in 1928
John William Fenton	description	Recording made in 1930
Now I'm That Bitch	description	22.0
Superfamily database	description	The SUPERFAMILY database provides structural and functional annotation for all proteins and genomes.
List of pre-1920 jazz standards	description	--07-15
The Bells of Notre Dame	description	This highly complex piece has huge dynamic shifts, which can be evidenced at the very beginning, which sees a soft Latin prayer be replaced by a huge swelling choir.
Vaterländischer Künstlerverein	description	Performed by Neal O'Doan
Acid house	description	Two simple patterns on the Roland TB-303 bass synthesizer. The second pattern has had the filter EG attack level altered.
Acid house	description	Two simple overdriven patterns on the TB-303. The second pattern has varying resonance to give a harsh screeching sound. Both patterns have gradual cutoff frequency.
Acid house	description	Phuture's \
Alexander Rutskoy	description	recorded September 2013
Alexander Rutskoy	description	Negotiations between Rutskoy and the Central Internal Affairs Directorate
Here We Go Again	description	A sample of \
Mercedes-Benz W25	description	Mercedes-Benz W25 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Marcia trionfale	description	National Anthem of Papal States and Vatican City 1857-1950
Somebody's Crying	description	Sample of \
Insect	description	Several unidentified grasshoppers stridulating
Snow on the Sahara	description	Sample of Anggun's \
Pour le piano	description	performed March 2011
Pour le piano	description	performed November 2010
Saori@destiny	description	A 33-second audio sample of \
Savior	description	A twenty-four second sample of the song's chorus.
Scream & Shout	description	A 27-second sample of \
The Jackson 5	description	A sample of Michael and the Jacksons' \
Wind instrument	description	Performed by the Soni Ventorum Wind Quintet.
Successful	description	A sample of \
Yume no Chikara	description	A 25-second sample of \
Rag Lalit	description	A sample from the gat section
Fire	description	A sample of 2NE1's \
John J. Pershing	description	A speech given from Allied Headquarters, Chaumont, France, 1918
Speech Debelle	description	Excerpt of title track off Speech Therapy
Speech Debelle	description	Excerpt of \
Usotsuki	description	A 30-second sample of the first chorus of \
Namida o Fuite	description	A 30-second sample of the second chorus of \
Namida o Fuite	description	A 30-second sample of the bridge and third chorus of \
 Girlfriend	description	\
 Girlfriend	description	\
Peace Corps	description	John F. Kennedy's announcement of the establishment of the Peace Corps
Get Sexy	description	A nineteen second sample of \
Tommy	description	Elton John's \
Bat	description	Recording of Pipistrellus pipistrellus bat time-expanded echolocation calls and social call.
Candy	description	Sample of \
Insane Clown Posse	description	\
Insane Clown Posse	description	\
Tell Me Your Wish	description	\
Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture	description	--03-07
Of Human Feelings	description	The song's melody was said to be among Coleman's best by critics Gary Giddins and Greg Kot.
Slow Dance	description	A sample of \
Down	description	47.0
She Wolf	description	18.0
Antonio Valente	description	A piece from Intavolatura de cimbalo
Galatasaray S.K.	description	Galatasaray War Chant
Selected Ambient Works 85–92	description	Album version, as it appeared on Selected Ambient Works 85–92
A Place with No Name	description	Michael Jackson's \
A Place with No Name	description	Michael Jackson's \
Liuto cantabile	description	Piccola Serenata performed on liuto by Todd Billeci
One Time	description	30.0
Gerald Alston	description	Sample of the hit single
Low-frequency radio range	description	Inside A quadrant
Low-frequency radio range	description	Inside N quadrant
Low-frequency radio range	description	A+N intersection
Low-frequency radio range	description	Slightly off beam in A
Celebration	description	A short sample which includes the chorus as an invitation to dance, with a highly energetic synth-pop groove.
Personal	description	A 27-second sample of the chorus to \
He Could Be the One	description	18.0
Break Your Heart	description	A 31-second sample of the remix version of Break Your Heart featuring Cruz's vocals and Ludacris' rap-intro
Delia Matache	description	This electro dance record enjoyed success in Romania, as N&D smash-hit
Delia Matache	description	\
Delia Matache	description	This up-tempo record was produced by FlyinState and is a eurodance sound beat largely influenced by Romanian dance music, that collect more than 12.000.000 views on Youtube
Always Be Here	description	A sample of the song, illustrating its guitar-founded pop rock and electronic rock melody
Inna	description	\
Inna	description	A 28-seconds sample from Inna's \
Inna	description	Then-known as Alessandra, Inna tried to represent Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with \
TORC: The Off Road Championship	description	7.0
My World	description	\
Fabiana Masili	description	Fabiana Masili singing the chorus of \
Fabiana Masili	description	Fabiana Masili singing the chorus of \
Fabiana Masili	description	Fabiana Masili singing the chorus of \
Fabiana Masili	description	Fabiana Masili singing the chorus of \
Monpura	description	99.0
Kill the Lights	description	23.0
Nellie Dean	description	Sung by the Columbia Quartet
The Time of Our Lives	description	Cyrus' \
Party in the U.S.A.	description	Cyrus' lyrics reflect her relocating from Nashville to Hollywood.
LOL Smiley Face	description	A sample of \
Requiem for a Dream	description	One of the filmmaking techniques in Requiem for a Dream is the use of rapid cuts or a hip hop montage. Whenever the characters use street drugs, a rapid succession of images illustrates their transition from sobriety to intoxication. In this scene, Harry and Tyrone deal drugs and Marion uses cocaine while she designs clothes. The speed of the footage and the cuts alternates as the characters become intoxicated and sober.
Ave verum corpus	description	Performed by the Senftenberg Orchestra and Chorus
A Perfect Day	description	Instrumental rendition done by the McKee Trio, 1915
Fuckin' 'Ell It's Fred Titmus	description	16.0
KEC60	description	--11-24
Evan Williams	description	1911
Sarah Outen	description	recorded December 2012
Crawl Back In	description	45.0
Freak Scene	description	Sample of \
Always and Forever	description	A sample of Heatwave's \
2001: A Space Odyssey	description	As the film climaxes, Bowman takes a trip through deep space that involves the innovative use of slit-scan photography to create the visual effects and disturbing sequences of him noticeably stunned and then terrified at what he's experiencing.
Dan Schreiber	description	--08-09
Techno	description	the Cybotron release \
Techno	description	\
Techno	description	\
Techno	description	The album also included \
Techno	description	Early example of German Techno House music, released in 1988 on Techno Drome International by Markus Nikolai & Andreas Tomalla .
Techno	description	Often described as \
Just Awearyin' for You	description	1911
Send It On	description	A sample of Disney's Friends for Change's \
Conch	description	Demonstration of the sound of a conch shell
Million Dollar Bill	description	21.0
Empire State of Mind	description	A sample of \
McKee Trio	description	Instrumental rendition of \
Cavalleria rusticana	description	Fulda Symphonic Orchestra
Elsie Baker	description	Composed by Carrie Jacobs-Bond , sung by Elsie Baker
Il mio canto libero	description	La luce dell'est, track #1
Il mio canto libero	description	Confusione, track #5
Il mio canto libero	description	The title-track
Lucio Battisti, la batteria, il contrabbasso, eccetera	description	Ancora tu shows a balanced commixture of Italian pop's melodiousness and disco music's rhythms
Lucio Battisti, la batteria, il contrabbasso, eccetera	description	B-side of the single excerpted from the album
Lucio Battisti, la batteria, il contrabbasso, eccetera	description	Il veliero, the most obvious example of disco music in the album
Bedtime Stories	description	29.0
Anima latina	description	Anonimo's ending, with the self-parodistic quotation of I giardini di marzo
Anima latina	description	Il salame shows the use of advanced recording devices and editing techniques
Anima latina	description	Macchina del tempo, track #10
Don Giovanni	description	Madre pennuta, track #2
Don Giovanni	description	Madre pennuta, track #5
Cosa succederà alla ragazza	description	Cosa farà di nuovo, one of the most obvious examples of rap in the album
Cosa succederà alla ragazza	description	Così gli dei sarebbero, track #7
Emozioni	description	Fiori rosa, fiori di pesco, track #1
Emozioni	description	Il tempo di morire shows Battisti's musical roots: rock and blues and black music
Emozioni	description	Mi ritorni in mente is among the best-known Battisti's songs
Umanamente uomo: il sogno	description	I giardini di marzo, track #1
Una giornata uggiosa	description	Amore mio di provincia, track #6
Una giornata uggiosa	description	The title track, Una giornata uggiosa
Una giornata uggiosa	description	The guitar solo of Con il nastro rosa, played by Phil Palmer
Diesel automobile racing	description	Audi R10 TDI at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Renditions of the Soul	description	A sample from \
Renditions of the Soul	description	A sample from \
Lucio Battisti Vol. 4	description	\
Lucio Battisti Vol. 4	description	In the famous \
Hegel	description	La bellezza riunita, track #4
Hegel	description	\
Harry Patch	description	Audio sample featuring the prominent orchestration in the main section and the beginning of the song's bridge.
O vos omnes	description	Recorded live in 2003 by The Tudor Consort''
Laugh, Laugh	description	A sample of \
La sposa occidentale	description	Potrebbe essere sera, track #2
La sposa occidentale	description	Timida molto audace, track #3
L'apparenza	description	A portata di mano, track #1
L'apparenza	description	Per altri motivi, track #5
Walk Away	description	A 30-second sample of \
Xx	description	\
Need You Now	description	A 27-second sample of Lady Antebellum's \
Tin Alley	description	Interview with Tin Alley on the Hot 100 Show.
Bad Boys	description	A 30-second sample of \
Livery Stable Blues	description	The Original Dixieland Jazz Band's original 1917 recording of Livery Stable Blues.
Seattle Mariners Hall of Fame	description	The winning call of the 1995 American League Division Series as called by Dave Niehaus, one of his most famous calls.
Nikolay and Medea Figner	description	Performed by Medea Figner in 1910.  Run time is two minutes and one second
Amore e non amore	description	The rock and roll side of the album: Dio mio no
Amore e non amore	description	The symphonic-progressive side of the album: Davanti a un distributore automatico…
Triangle	description	A sample of \
Call My Name	description	An audio sample of \
Il nostro caro angelo	description	The title-track's lyrics are strongly critical of the Catholic Church
Il nostro caro angelo	description	Le allettanti promesse, track #5
Il nostro caro angelo	description	Questo inferno rosa, track #8
Una donna per amico	description	Nessun dolore, the B-side of the single
Una donna per amico	description	The title track, Una donna per amico
Io tu noi tutti	description	Sì, viaggiare, B-side from the single
Io tu noi tutti	description	Questione di cellule, track #6
E già	description	The second song on the album is about Windsurf, at the time Battisti's new hobby
E già	description	Registrazione is about the pleasure of recording music. In this passage Battisti openly credits Mick Jagger, The Rolling Stones, Beatles, Beach Boys, Paul McCartney, Ray Charles and Bob Dylan as his main influences.
E già	description	The title track, E già
GLaDOS	description	GLaDOS's voice is based on Ellen McLain attempting to mimic the playback of her original lines through a digitization process, followed by further computer modulation.
GLaDOS	description	GLaDOS' voice is based on voice actor Ellen McLain's attempts to mimic the playback of her original lines through a digitization process followed by further computer modulation. The change from her robotic voice to her more human-sounding voice required different modifications to be made to her voice after recording.
Falling Down	description	\
Bradford Girls' Choir	description	Sample from the CD \
Through the Devil Softly	description	\
Through the Devil Softly	description	Album closer \
Karel Hašler	description	Sample of instrumental \
Blame Game	description	A sample featuring West repeatedly confessing \
When I Look at You	description	A sample of Miley Cyrus's \
Radical Computer Music	description	The part of the Official Mort Aux Vaches Ekstra Extra Walkthrough transcribed on page 32 in Radical Computer Music & Fantastisk Mediemanipulation.
Radical Computer Music	description	The part of the Official Mort Aux Vaches Ekstra Extra Walkthrough transcribed on page 58 in Radical Computer Music & Fantastisk Mediemanipulation.
Oh Promise Me	description	Sung by Harry McDonough, circa 1900
Hazardous Substances Data Bank	description	Chemical pharmacology and toxicology data
Haven't Met You Yet	description	14.0
F	description	A sample of f's \
F	description	A sample of f's \
Buenos Amigos	description	\
Happy	description	28.0
2010 State of the Union Address	description	--01-27
2010 State of the Union Address	description	audio only version
The Root	description	A 28-second sample of \
Music of the Katamari Damacy series	description	Short sample of \
Shelf	description	22.0
Fight for This Love	description	22.0
Voices Carry	description	A 26-second sample from \
I Don't Care	description	A sample of 2NE1's \
Chorthippus biguttulus	description	Song of Chorthippus biguttulus
Chorthippus biguttulus	description	28.0
Ray Ray	description	The duet with singer-songwriter Teedra Moses features Saadiq's characteristic nimble bass playing.
Skinny Jeanz and a Mic	description	The duo's debut single, a viral dance hit.
Skinny Jeanz and a Mic	description	The album's second single, a collaboration with Ray-J features a R&B tone and auto-tuned vocals
Half Man Half Machine	description	30.0
Speech Therapy	description	Excerpt of title track
Donde Quiera Que Estés	description	A 30-second sample of \
The Seduction of Ingmar Bergman	description	Ron Mael making his vocal debut as the limo driver; his bewildered passenger is played by Swedish actor Jonas Malmsjö.
The Seduction of Ingmar Bergman	description	The studio boss, played by Russell Mael, gives Bergman a tour of the studio's cafeteria, pointing out the numerous European directors assembled there.
The Seduction of Ingmar Bergman	description	Bergman tries to escape, pursued by police.
Until the Whole World Hears	description	The album's lead single and title track is a guitar-driven rock song.
Until the Whole World Hears	description	\
Csárdás	description	Performed by the United States Air Force Band
Prayer for Ukraine	description	Titled \
10	description	\
Neville Chamberlain's European Policy	description	Neville Chamberlain's speech  declaring war on Germany.
Tenores di Bitti %22Mialinu Pira%22	description	Tenores di Bitti Mialinu Pira Live recording in Modena, June 2011
Video Phone	description	29.0
Tik Tok	description	\
Crank It Up	description	The song contains R&B and electronic elements as well as the use of the Auto-tune effect.
Tardy for the Party	description	A 15-second sample of \
IU	description	A 21-second sample of \
Glamour photography	description	Model Emily Ratajkowski posing for glamour photography for the 2013 GQ Türkiye photo shoot
Michael Jackson's This Is It	description	A twenty-one second sample of Michael Jackson's \
3	description	3.0
This Is It	description	A sample of Michael Jackson's \
I Thought I Lost You	description	26.0
The Element of Freedom	description	The song features a down-tempo, quiet storm style with skittering beats, trembling synths, deep piano chord progressions, and light drums.
Live Like We're Dying	description	A 25-second sample of \
Shattered Glass	description	A sample of the song containing Spears singing the chorus of the track. Her vocals in the song have been distorted through the use of Auto-Tune.
Bon Bon Vie	description	30
Reed Miller	description	1913
UCSC Genome Browser	description	The UCSC Genome Browser
I Can Transform Ya	description	A sample of \
ExoCarta	description	Exosomal proteins, RNA and lipids database
BioCatalogue	description	The Life Science Web Service Registry
I Didn't Raise My Boy to Be a Soldier	description	\
Hoshi no Yō ni...	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus of \
Aitakute Ima	description	A 30-second sample of the first chorus of \
Bad Romance	description	A 30-second sample of \
Crawl	description	A 30-second sample of \
Tabloid Junkie	description	A twenty six second sample of Michael Jackson's \
Sextortion	description	A speech by Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent Nickolas Savage on \
Burgerkill	description	\
Burgerkill	description	\
Burgerkill	description	--05-11
Papers	description	A 26-second sample of \
De Cartier	description	One of the group's most well known songs. The guitar solo at the end adds to the track's dramatic tone.
De Cartier	description	The title track. Features aggressive lyricism
De Cartier	description	Response to critics who said the group's lyrics had no factual basis.''
După blocuri	description	from După blocuri. Features aggressive lyricism
One Less Lonely Girl	description	Bieber's \
Did It Again	description	19.0
Fresh Out the Oven	description	A sample of the chorus to \
Who'd Have Known	description	30.0
Until the Whole World Hears	description	A 23-second audio sample containing parts of the first verse and pre-chorus.
Carmen Variations	description	Performed by Giorgi Latso
Fuiste un Trozo de Hielo en la Escarcha	description	27.0
Kabhi Kabhie Mere Dil Mein	description	66.0
Rated R	description	A 22-second sample of \
Rated R	description	Alexis Petridis of The Guardian wrote that \
Kočani Valley	description	Excerpt of speech by a woman from Kočani Valley in the native Štip – Kočani dialect
Russian Roulette	description	A 22-second sample of \
Beast	description	\
Odd Blood	description	Inspired by John Lennon's \
Say Aah	description	A sample of \
Temporary Home	description	26.0
Halfway Gone	description	A 15-second sample of \
Rondo in A minor	description	Performed by David H. porter. Courtesy of Musopen
Kings and Queens	description	A 30-second sample of \
I Invented Sex	description	A sample of \
Love Me	description	\
1905	description	Sample of the track \
Undo It	description	17.0
Andrés de Segurola	description	Un ballo in maschera , Act 1, Scene 2. Performed by Enrico Caruso, Frieda Hempel, Marie Duchène, Andrés de Segurola and Léon Rothier
Wear My Kiss	description	A sample of \
Speechless	description	The chorus of \
3 Words	description	24.0
Boy George	description	An excerpt from Bow Down Mister
Au bord d'une source	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
Naturally	description	A sample of \
Hard	description	A 25-second audio sample of Rihanna singing the chorus of the song, which features militant horns, hissing synths, sharp beats and piano notes
Transformers: Dark of the Moon	description	27.0
Say Something	description	A sample of \
Pio Konta	description	23.0
Animal	description	A 26-second sample of \
Fever	description	Fever performed by Sodagreen
Goodnight Sweetheart	description	Sung by Al Bowlly with the Ray Noble Orchestra
Christmas Tree	description	A 14-second sample from \
Animal	description	\
Animal	description	\
State Anthem of the Republic of North Ossetia-Alania	description	Vocal recording by Felix Tsarikati
Down by the Riverside	description	Down by the Riverside as MIDI File. Chosen instrument is Alto Flute.
Prelude in C minor, BWV 999	description	Played on harpsichord by Gérard Janot
Broken Heels	description	30.0
Louboutins	description	A sample of the chorus where Lopez repeatedly sings the line \
Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask	description	Sample of \
Telephone	description	22.0
Revolver	description	A sample of the song, in which Madonna sings the chorus, including the line \
Speechless	description	A 25-second sample of \
Wait Your Turn	description	A sample of the song's chorus, which met with a positive response from music critics, with Alexis Petridis of The Guardian writing that the song is a \
Dance in the Dark	description	A 28-second sample of \
Gold Cobra	description	\
Niko Etxart	description	An excerpt from Heldu Korrikari
Supergirl	description	30.0
Étude in C-sharp minor, Op. 2, No. 1	description	Performed by Axel Lange
I Got You	description	A 29-second sample of \
Mazurkas	description	Performed by: Giorgi Latso, piano
Bessie Abott	description	Rigoletto, Act 3. A Victor Records recording with  Enrico Caruso, Bessie Abott, Louise Homer and Antonio Scotti from 1907.
Carry Out	description	A 20-second sample of the chorus of \
Probe Audio	description	from Probe Audio
Free	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Who I Am	description	24.0
All Is Love	description	On \
Vehicle horn	description	A sample of a submarine dive alarm used by United States Navy submarines during World War II
Hey Daddy	description	A 30-second sample of \
Mazurkas, Op. 33	description	Performed by Lubka Kolessa
Mazurkas, Op. 17	description	Performed by Giorgi Latso
Mazurkas, Op. 17	description	Performed by Donald Betts
Nōdōteki Sanpunkan	description	The song's interacting vocals and funk sound were highly praised by Japanese critics.
Alien Crime Syndicate	description	A sample of \
Itsu no Hi mo	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Blah Blah Blah	description	\
Tunes for Archbishop Parker's Psalter	description	Tallis' Canon, originally a setting for Psalm 67.
Beat Bop	description	30.0
Chaconne in D minor	description	Performed by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of Gottfried Silbermann's organ  in Roetha, Germany.
Chaconne in F minor	description	Chaconne in F minor performed on a church organ in Trubschachen, Switzerland by Burghard Fischer.
Chaconne in F minor	description	Another version, performed by Tibor Pinter on the sample set of the Marcussen organ, Moerdijk, Netherlands.
Kesha	description	Kesha's debut single combines yodeling and video game music, with its lyricism centering around alcoholic beverage consumption and parties.
Kesha	description	\
After School	description	A sample of the album's lead single, \
Heartbreaker	description	Despite becoming a chart-topper, \
Put It in a Love Song	description	A 19-second sample of \
Hot	description	\
Tataee	description	from După blocuri
Tataee	description	from Băieți De Cartier
Tataee	description	from Orice E Posibil
Tataee	description	from Viaţa noastră (Vol.1)
Ballades	description	Performed by Donald Betts. Courtesy of Musopen.
Ballades	description	performed by Martha Goldstein on an 1851 Erard piano
Ballades	description	Performed by Randolph Hokanson
12 Gauge	description	The rhythm guitars in this clip are played with a quick succession of downstrokes only, which the band referred to as \
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	--01-25
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	--01-27
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	audio only version
One Night in Jordan: A Concert for Peace	description	from Zade's One Night In Jordan
Étincelles	description	151.0
Étincelles	description	153.0
Glam	description	A 22-second sample of \
Bjarne Brustad	description	This sample of Brustad's music is the fourth movement of the Eventyrsuite  for violin
Rude Boy	description	A 22-second sample of \
Wide Eyed	description	One of the album's highlights, musical style of \
Waltz in A minor	description	Performed by Aya Higuchi
Pyramid	description	A 24-second sample of \
Baby	description	A sample of \
My World 2.0	description	A sample of the R&B ballad, \
My World 2.0	description	A sample of \
Alejandro	description	27.0
Tabs of the United States Army	description	Official Army video introducing and describing tabs in the U.S. Army
The Oracle	description	Sample of \
The Oracle	description	Sample of \
The Oracle	description	Sample of \
Gypsy	description	20.0
François Schubert	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Ram Loevy	description	Djembe pattern
Love King	description	The song features digital bass tones, A-minor piano chords, and a double entendre; the make up bag as a designer handbag purchased to make amends.
Love King	description	The sultry, midtempo song has sexually boastful lyrics, flanged guitar riffs, shuffling drums, and floating falsetto vocals.
The Amazing Spider-Man	description	Critics like Filmtracks.com's Christian Clemmensen felt that \
Today Was a Fairytale	description	Taylor Swift's \
Eugen Malmstén	description	Excerpt , played by Finnish orchestra Rytmi-Pojat, directed by Eugen Malmsten
Outkast	description	2000.0
Slide Don't Fret	description	An audio sample of \
Bill %22Peg Pants%22 Beach	description	\
Oh!	description	A sample of the song, a bubblegum pop piece
Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park	description	--01-06
The Experiment	description	The album's third single features synth riffs, creating a dance-pop environment.
Frank Lebby Stanton	description	1911
Frank Lebby Stanton	description	1908
Tina Louise Thomas	description	A 30-second sample of \
Tina Louise Thomas	description	A 30-second sample of \
George F. Bond	description	The effect of helium on a human voice
Push-button telephone	description	How DTMF dialing sounds
Love	description	\
Never Let You Go	description	A sample of \
Cryin' Like a Bitch	description	Sample of \
I Got You	description	James Brown's \
John Clifford Heed	description	Named in honor of his time with Voss's First Regiment Band.
Amazing	description	A 22-seconds sample of Inna's \
Elizabeth Spencer	description	1911
Jurian Beat Crisis	description	25.0
I'm New Here	description	The spoken word piece based on Scott-Heron's 1970 poem \
I'm New Here	description	Written as a 12-bar blues, the song is about alienation in New York City and is built around handclaps and distorted bass.
Glitter in the Air	description	A sample of the song, in which Pink sings the chorus.
Microsoft text-to-speech voices	description	Microsoft Sam saying, \
Prelude and Fugue in D major, BWV 532	description	Transcribed for piano by Eugen d'Albert, performed by Martha Goldstein.
Prelude and Fugue in D major, BWV 532	description	Performed by Manuel Doormann
Carlprit	description	Evacuate the Dancefloor was Schwamborn's first performance with a major label
Benetton B192	description	Benetton-Ford B192 at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Lute Suite in E minor, BWV 996	description	Performed by Martha Goldstein
You Got Me	description	Williams singing the chorus, followed by the beginning of Scribe's verse
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy	description	The opening track incorporates elements from West's previous albums and introduces themes of decadence and hedonism.
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy	description	The quiet storm-sampling track has lyrics about lust and heartache with dichotomous imagery both sexual and religious.
There Goes My Baby	description	A sample of \
Prelude, Fugue and Allegro in E-flat major, BWV 998	description	Performed on a lautenwerck  by Martha Goldstein
Sayin' Somethin'	description	An audio sample of \
My Chick Bad	description	A sample of \
The Movement	description	Sample of the title track to On Your Feet
The Movement	description	Sample of the title track to Set Sail
The Movement	description	Sample of the track from Alive at Home
Lil Freak	description	30.0
Stone Temple Pilots	description	Weiland's lyrics were directly influenced by his relationship with his ex-wife.
Stone Temple Pilots	description	Weiland's lyrics were inspired by the \
Slug	description	The song's visuals of city lights were created through an electronic rhythm with synthesizers, guitars, and drums.  The murmured vocal track sung by Bono was praised by critics.
Mark Gustavson	description	clip from the 3rd movement
Mark Gustavson	description	clip from 2nd movement
Mark Gustavson	description	clip from Prelude
Mark Gustavson	description	clip from Turning
No Mercy	description	A sample of \
Dirty Picture	description	\
Samantha	description	The intro riff to \
Over	description	A 30-second sample of \
Eenie Meenie	description	A 22-second sample of \
Neighbors Know My Name	description	A sample of \
Your Love Is My Drug	description	\
Songbird	description	A sample of the chorus of the lead single \
Peter Nalitch	description	Peter Nalitch has become famous thanks to \
OMG	description	A 28-second sample of \
Déjà Vu	description	\
U Smile	description	A sample of \
The Holy Bible	description	This was the first single from the album, it features a very distant and cold voice and a heavy sound.
The Holy Bible	description	Many songs, like this one, reflect Richey's mental state. \
Lena Meyer-Landrut	description	Sample from the chorus of Lena Meyer-Landrut's \
Un-Thinkable	description	Alicia Keys's \
Trip Trip	description	Kokia's first instance of her complex neoclassical (dark wave) music and wordplay.
Trip Trip	description	The leading single from the album, featuring more of a rock sound than the bulk of the album.
American University speech	description	--06-10
10 Minutes	description	A 25-seconds sample of Inna's \
To Her Door	description	Paul Kelly & the Coloured Girls' highest charting single, \
Dixie	description	1916
Milim	description	\
Remember Me	description	A clip from the first single, \
Remember Me	description	A clip from the leading track, \
Remember Me	description	A clip from the original single version of \
Remember Me	description	The studio live version of \
Galician language	description	A 13th-century Galician-Portuguese Cantiga
Nintendocore	description	An example of instrumental Nintendocore by The Depreciation Guild.
Nintendocore	description	An example of Nintendocore by Horse the Band featuring screamed vocals.
We Are the World 25 for Haiti	description	A crescendo performed by singers Blair Perkins, Maria Zouroudis, and Lisa Lavie
Aitakute Aitakute	description	A sample of the chorus of the song.
Real World	description	The lead single before the album. \
Real World	description	Written as a central song that defined the album, \
Bionic	description	15.0
Rag Shankara, Rag Mala in Jogia	description	The tabla join the sarangi for the composition.
Uta ga Chikara	description	The lead single from the album, featuring Akira Senju's orchestral pop sound for the Olympics.
Uta ga Chikara	description	The piano ballad about Kokia's will to sing was highlighted by CDJournal and director Akio Nishizawa.
Massive Attack	description	\
Telephone exchange	description	Subscribers hear a different-sounding dialtone in a step-by-step call.
Not Myself Tonight	description	19.0
Supercell	description	\
Supercell	description	\
Aigakikoeru: Listen for the Love	description	The title track for the album, \
Aigakikoeru: Listen for the Love	description	The \
Public domain in the United States	description	from Wikimedia Commons
The Voice	description	A sample from the lead single, \
The Voice	description	A sample the ballad \
Bang!	description	A sample of the lead track, \
Edge of This World	description	A 30-second sample of the third chorus of \
Take It Off	description	\
Hello Good Morning	description	Richard and Harper exchanging lyrics about \
Te Amo	description	A 20-second sample of Rihanna singing the chorus of \
Ride	description	A sample of \
Christmas Gift	description	A sample of Kokia's cover of the contemporary standard \
Christmas Gift	description	A sample of Kokia's cover of the traditional Christmas song \
Love in Motion	description	The lead single, uses the electric guitar to create a \
Love in Motion	description	Inspired by when Moa first met her partner, the song was acclaimed by critics for its low-level acoustic production.
Fairy Dance: Kokia Meets Ireland	description	A sample from the title track, and one of the original Kokia compositions.
Fairy Dance: Kokia Meets Ireland	description	A sample of Kokia's cover of the traditional Irish song \
Triumph I6	description	Sound clip of a 1998 cc Triumph 6 cylinder engine, as fitted to a 1969 Triumph Vitesse.
Lazarus	description	The second song on the album, \
Lazarus	description	The album's first single, \
Somebody to Love	description	A sample of \
Body Talk Pt. 1	description	A 28-second sample of \
We Are Young	description	A sample of \
Enter Sandman	description	Sample of the main riff from \
Enter Sandman	description	Sample of \
Enter Sandman	description	Sample of \
Steven Springer	description	\
Steven Springer	description	\
Dream After Dream	description	A sample of the midtempo song \
Dream After Dream	description	A sample the upbeat song \
The Generous Mr. Lovewell	description	A sample of the \
The Generous Mr. Lovewell	description	A sample of the album's title track, which has been described as resembling the sound of The Beatles.
The Generous Mr. Lovewell	description	A sample of the \
Heaven Can Wait	description	Sample song of Heaven Can Wait by Michael Jackson
Commander	description	Sample with the lyric \
Basic Instinct	description	According to Tricky Stewart, on records like \
Basic Instinct	description	A sample of \
Akiko Infinity Kokia: Balance	description	The first track of the album, showing the introspective, subtle arrangement of the album.
Akiko Infinity Kokia: Balance	description	The title track of the album, in its acoustic Akiko Infinity Kokia form.
Kokia Infinity Akiko: Balance	description	One of the songs that was chosen for Kokia's second greatest hits album.
Kokia Infinity Akiko: Balance	description	The title track of the album, in its Kokia Infinity Akiko form.
Julian Huppert	description	--12-21
Unusual You	description	A sample of Britney Spears's \
Bruno Mars	description	An 18-second sample of the chorus of \
Charice	description	A 24-second sample of \
Frances Wood	description	--05-24
Aphrodite	description	19.0
All the Lovers	description	18.0
Your Love	description	A sample of \
4AM	description	An air check of radio station 4AM captured in April 1986
Bagher Moazen	description	An excerpt from \
Bagher Moazen	description	An excerpt from \
Bagher Moazen	description	An excerpt from \
Bagher Moazen	description	An excerpt from \
Bagher Moazen	description	La Cumparsita  composed by Matos Rodriguez arranged and played by Bagher Moazen.
Can't Be Tamed	description	Cyrus' \
Not Afraid	description	A sample of the song with the chorus, in which a choir assists Eminem
Find Your Love	description	808.0
Váša Příhoda	description	1929
I Don't Know What I'm Doing	description	Full version of \
Don't Cry Anymore	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Don't Cry Anymore	description	The first B-side, describing someone yearning for a boy at Meguro River in Tokyo.
Don't Cry Anymore	description	The second B-side, which Miwa often performed at lives before her debut.
Waka Waka	description	19.0
Sarek	description	30.0
I Like It	description	A sample song of Enrique Igesias' song \
Party horn	description	Party horn unfurling
Why Don't You Love Me	description	A sample of the song featuring Knowles asking her love interest why he does not love her despite of her fabulousness.
Follow the Nightingale	description	A sample from the second movement of \
Follow the Nightingale	description	The chorus of \
Tatta Hitotsu no Omoi	description	A sample from chorus of Kokia's original version.
Tatta Hitotsu no Omoi	description	The chorus of M.O.V.E's cover version.
My First Kiss	description	\
Coquillage: The Best Collection II	description	Kokia's self-cover of \
Coquillage: The Best Collection II	description	The Coquillage version of \
The Truth	description	A sample of \
Like Yesterday	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Fake	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Woohoo	description	A 30-second sample of \
Death of Gerry Ryan	description	Gerry Ryan's sudden death was officially announced during Larry Gogan's show on RTÉ 2fm.
Outside Woman Blues	description	From the 1967 Cream album Disraeli Gears
BB Good	description	17.0
Breathe	description	This is a 30-second sample from Taylor Swift's \
Fembot	description	\
Secret	description	One of Secret's hit songs that uses retro sound with live instruments. The song lyrically tells that women shouldn't be taken for granted because her affection towards her lover might change instantly.
Dancing On My Own	description	A 28-second sample of \
Deanna C. C. Peluso	description	From a collection of pieces for String Trio, this piece translates from Italian into Sweet Dreams, though the use of harmonics and somber melodies may allude to an alternative interpretation
Mutiny Within	description	\
Beautiful Monster	description	A sample of \
Drama Queen	description	A 21-second sample of the Spanglish hip-hop track \
Drama Queen	description	A 22-second sample of \
Drama Queen	description	A 21-second sample of the video version of lead single \
Round & Round	description	A sample of \
Oneohtrix Point Never	description	30.0
Power	description	The track has been described as \
List of unexplained sounds	description	Upsweep, from the NOAA website at 20x the original speed.
List of unexplained sounds	description	The Whistle, from the NOAA website at 16x the original speed.
List of unexplained sounds	description	Bloop at 16x the original speed, from the NOAA website.
List of unexplained sounds	description	Julia sound, from the NOAA website at 16x the original speed.
List of unexplained sounds	description	The Train, from the NOAA website at 16x the original speed.
Christian Karlsson	description	\
Never Say Never	description	A sample of \
Got Your Back	description	A sample of \
Love the Way You Lie	description	A 26-second song sample. Backed by an electric guitar and a piano, Rihanna sings the second half of the chorus in a sad voice without vibrato. Eminem begins the second verse over an acoustic guitar, violin and drums, expressing frustration in his voice.
The L-Shaped Room	description	--06-06
Monster	description	The end of the song's chorus including repetitive lyrics and a \
Shame	description	A sample of \
Kawaranai Koto	description	A clip from the leading track, \
Kawaranai Koto	description	A clip from the B-side, \
Yume ga Chikara	description	The standard Akira Senju-arranged version of the song.
Yume ga Chikara	description	The acoustic Senju-arranged version, featured as a bonus track on Uta ga Chikara.
Yume ga Chikara	description	The guitar acoustic version arranged by Kokia, featured on Pearl: The Best Collection.
Rockstar 101	description	A 23-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Slash playing guitar in the background.
Karma	description	A sample from chorus of Kokia's original version of \
Karma	description	A sample from the B-side on the single, an Italian language lullaby.
Karma	description	A sample from the trance remix cover of \
Who Owns My Heart	description	Cyrus' \
Heartbeat	description	\
So Much Love for You	description	A clip from the leading track, \
So Much Love for You	description	A clip from the Kokia-arranged B-side \
So Much Love for You	description	A clip from the B-side \
Warrior	description	\
Warrior	description	Kesha sings over an acoustic guitar and synthesized beat during this sample of the electropop song, \
Get Outta My Way	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus
Try to Follow Me	description	A sample of 2NE1's \
Edmund Yeo	description	recorded January 2015
Alexis Jordan	description	A sample of the song, described as an \
I've Got Nothing	description	\
Aruku Around	description	Critics praised the synths, melody and beat of \
Marian Call	description	A short sample of \
First Presbyterian Church	description	1960.0
Missing You	description	\
Bang Bang Bang	description	A sample of \
Clavier-Übung III	description	Performed by Kantor.JH
Good Time	description	A 15-second sample of \
National symbols of Ecuador	description	Ecuador National Anthem
The Ballad of Rodger Young	description	Performed by the West Point Cadet Glee Club, 1959.
Art pop	description	\
Art pop	description	Journalist Peter Doggett also characterized \
Art pop	description	1980.0
Grown Woman	description	23.0
Minimotif Miner	description	database expansion and significantly improved reduction of false-positive predictions from consensus sequences.
DJ Sava	description	This up-tempo record was largely influenced by electro dance music and its instrumental line is dominated by the use of a trumpet.
Heaven	description	This up-tempo record was largely influenced by Romanian dance music.
Heaven	description	\
Heaven	description	\
Heaven	description	A success from the So Lonely album, topped the Maltese and Cypriot charts for several weeks.
Jar of Hearts	description	A 24-second sample of \
Deuces	description	A 27-second audio sample of the song, containing lyrics about a failed relationship.
Break My Bank	description	A sample of \
Dear enemy effect	description	Male advertisement call
United States Army Field Band	description	Garryowen, a traditional march of the U.S. cavalry, performed by the Army Field Band
United States Army Field Band	description	Tenting on the Old Camp Ground, performed by the Army Field Band concert band and chorus
Mike Delph	description	recorded March 2014
Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari	description	A 30-second sample from \
Chris Moore	description	CDVR's debut single, \
Sayonara Memories	description	A 32-second sample from \
One	description	The Swedish House Mafia's first studio single \
Versus	description	The chorus of \
Aunty Disco Project	description	Nazar, from Aunty Disco Project, is the third single released by the band. The music video of the song is directed by Umer Adil, bands' first high budget video, released in 2008. The video was released after a 2-month hiatus and the success of the single led the band to be nominated for the Best Breakthrough Performance award at the MTV Music Awards, in Pakistan. However, the band did not win the award but it was a great achievement as the band got widespread mainstream attention. The music video of the single was also listed in the Top 100 videos of 2008 by The Musik.
Ours	description	A twenty-four second sample of \
Mizraab	description	Ujalon Main, Mizraab's single from their upcoming third studio album. The music video of the single, directed by Soheb Akhtar, was nominated for the \
Mizraab	description	Woh Aur Main, Mizraab's single from their upcoming third studio album. The music video of the single, directed by band members Irfan Ahmed and Faraz Anwar, showcased a new line-up for the band and a change in genre. The single received a lot of positive feedback from fans and critics alike and topped several local music charts.
Mizraab	description	Insaan, from the album Maazi, Haal, Mustaqbil, is the very first single released by the band. The music video of the song is directed by Babar Sheikh, released in October 2002.
DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love	description	The chorus of the song, leading to the opening of Pitbull's verse.
All Killer, No Filler	description	Sample of the album's song \
Meconema meridionale	description	34.0
Chris Tompkins	description	Carrie Underwood singing in \
Josep Prades i Gallent	description	Espais de Llum Musical
Ordinary Girl	description	An audio sample of Hannah Montana's \
Nigerian English	description	An example of an educated woman speaking with a Nigerian accent
Drumsing	description	Sample of the single \
Tirur Nambissan	description	KATHAKALI MUSIC
Juan Cuevas Perales	description	La Llum Musical Xativina
Body Talk Pt. 2	description	\
Body Talk Pt. 2	description	\
Hang with Me	description	A 22-second sample of \
Xonia	description	This mid-tempo record enjoyed moderate success in Romania.
Xonia	description	\
Xonia	description	This up-tempo record was largely influenced by Romanian dance music.
Not Like the Movies	description	A 24-second sample of the song, featuring Perry singing the chorus.
Change Myself	description	A sample from Iconiq's collaboration with Exile vocalist Atsushi.
Change Myself	description	A sample from the Hiro-produced title track from the album.
Change Myself	description	A sample from the third digital single released from the album.
Ring a Ding Dong	description	A sample of the song \
Grace and Beauty	description	A full-length synthesized performance of \
Francesc Morera i Cots	description	Espais de Llum Musical
Black Veil Brides	description	Fallen Angels shows the band's change from their debut album towards a more glam metal style, which has also been shown in songs from their Set the World on Fire album like Rebel Love Song.
Circle the Drain	description	A 27-second sample of the song where Perry sings about the effects her lovers' drug abuse has on him.
Butterfly	description	A sample of the song \
Last Friday Night	description	20.0
Identity	description	A sample of the chorus of the electro/rock song \
I'm Lovin' You	description	A sample from the chorus of \
Jonathan Little	description	Performed by Moravian Philharmonic strings
Remember December	description	A 20-second sample of \
Avalon	description	--08-03
Avalon	description	In this interview with TheAudioPrev, Sully Erna explained the meaning behind \
Start Without You	description	A sample of \
Abraham Quintanilla Jr.	description	One of Los Dino's most-known songs during their era in the 1960s.
Abraham Quintanilla Jr.	description	\
Change	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Not Giving Up on Love	description	30.0
Mine	description	A sample of \
Sideways	description	28.0
Sideways	description	30.0
Pink Friday	description	A sample of \
Ben Rector	description	\
Jonas L.A.	description	A sample of \
Cinta Laura	description	\
Scream	description	21.0
Something in the Water	description	The song was described as a country pop \
Maya Azucena	description	\
Maya Azucena	description	\
Maya Azucena	description	\
There Is a Hell. Believe Me, I've Seen It. There Is a Heaven, Let's Keep It a Secret.	description	The opening track of the album 'Crucify Me' features guest vocals from Lights and her contribution has been lighlighted as \
There Is a Hell. Believe Me, I've Seen It. There Is a Heaven, Let's Keep It a Secret.	description	Track 8 off the album 'Visions' has been described as a \
Just a Dream	description	A sample of \
You Lost Me	description	A 25-second sample of \
WikiPathways	description	A wiki-based resource for collection, maintenance and distribution of biological pathways
Sale el Sol	description	17.0
Just the Way You Are	description	An 18-second sample of the song's chorus
Hot Tottie	description	A sample of \
Miranda Chartrand and Adam Nichols	description	Chartrand and Nichols provided the vocals for \
Change Myself	description	A sample from the chorus of \
Tokyo Lady	description	A sample from the chorus of \
Whirly tube	description	Three notes played on a whirly tube
Menny	description	\
1000 Thoughts of Violence	description	The song \
Good News in Hard Times	description	One of two solo tracks recorded for the Sisters' album by CeCe Peniston
Mimicking Birds	description	\
Radiant Historia	description	Sample of \
Female Preacher	description	The title song co-written and performed by CeCe Peniston
Sun Is Up	description	\
The Age of Adz	description	30.0
Speechless	description	A sample of \
Jiyo Utho Bado Jeeto	description	41.0
Gimmie Dat	description	A sample of \
COSMIC cancer database	description	Catalogue Of Somatic Mutations In Cancer
Loca	description	17.0
To Anyone	description	\
Poquita Ropa	description	A sample of \
Tamashii Revolution	description	The song's boldness and positivity were praised by reviewers.
Peacock	description	A 23-second sample of the song's hook, where Perry sings \
Devil in a New Dress	description	30.0
Devil in a New Dress	description	A 30-second sample of J. Cole's \
I Hate Boys	description	14.0
Cassini's Division	description	A 53-second sample of the song \
Forever and a Day	description	A sample of the chorus, where Kelly Rowland's vocals soar amongst the subtle guitar riffs and Glee-like handclaps.
John H. Hoover	description	As Forward Area Commander, VADM Hoover discusses progress of the Iwo Jima invasion.
Dancemania Speed	description	\
Dancemania Speed	description	\
A Year Without Rain	description	A sample of \
Breaking Point	description	A 22-second sample of \
Loving You No More	description	A sample of \
Liquor Store Blues	description	A sample of the song features Mars singing over a moderate reggae groove.
Marry You	description	A sample of the song features Mars singing about impulsive marriage.
The Lazy Song	description	A sample of the song features Mars singing over a moderate reggae beat.
Classical Speed	description	\
Firework	description	A sample of Katy Perry's \
Whip My Hair	description	A sample of the song, featuring the line, \
Lay You Down	description	The chorus of the song, leading to the second verse. Usher described the song as a \
Islands	description	14.0
Can't Nobody	description	A sample of 2NE1's \
Go Away	description	A sample of 2NE1's \
Jaber Abu Hussein	description	By Jaber Abu Hussein''.
Bye Now!	description	A sample from the chorus of \
El Niágara en Bicicleta	description	24.0
Yeah 3x	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
The Flood	description	A sample of the song's chorus features Cole comparing love to water's flow.
Runaway	description	A sample of \
DJ Kambel	description	\
KUD Mladost Nova Pazova	description	Young folk dance orchestra Artistic Society Mladost Nova Pazova , Kraljevo  2010. Juny 06.
Life in Harmony	description	A 29-second sample of \
MC Magika	description	\
National symbols of Serbia	description	Serbian National Anthem
Dredd	description	Tracks matching the slow motion visuals of the film were composed with real instruments before being slowed down by thousands of percent .
Mothers of the Disappeared	description	Thirty-second sample of \
Check It Out	description	A sample of \
Amar la Trama	description	Jorge Drexler's Latin Grammy nominated song, \
Prince Royce	description	18.0
Corazón Sin Cara	description	21.0
Dancemania 10	description	\
Jason Karaban	description	101.0
Speak Now	description	A 24-second sample of \
Back to December	description	A 30-second sample of \
Airtight's Revenge	description	The song contains lyrics about resuming a relationship, varying bridge sections, and a soul-rock groove.
Airtight's Revenge	description	The song features oddly-timed percussion, subdued guitar and keys, strings, bluesy horns, and lyrical themes concerning poverty and the pitfalls of capitalism.
Bratt Sinclaire	description	Sinclaire's work \
Viva el Príncipe	description	A sample of Castro's cover of \
No Boys Allowed	description	A sample of \
I Hate the 90's	description	The lyrics of \
Dancemania 3	description	\
Anime Speed	description	Originally composed and sung by Maki Ohguro for Slam Dunk
Anime Speed	description	Originally for Anpanman
Dancemania X1	description	by Papaya - also included on her album Pink.
Oh Santa!	description	21.0
Un Momento	description	\
Burlesque: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack	description	A 26-second sample of \
Burlesque: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack	description	A 21-second sample of Burlesques lead single \
Dancemania 8	description	\
Dancemania 8	description	Voyager Girl was produced by popular Swiss producer team Trilogy and was the debut single by Space Nina, a singer credited simply as Nina in Switzerland.
Monster	description	30.0
Dancemania 7	description	Track 5, \
BBC-Marconi Type A microphone	description	--06-22
LZ7	description	LZ7's track \
Shake	description	A 25-second sample of the song.
CAZy	description	carbohydrate-active enzymes database
JYJ	description	JYJ's current musical style is noticeably different from their earlier sound . \
JYJ	description	The lead track of JYJ's first Korean album In Heaven, written and composed by member Jaejoong.
Indestructible	description	A 21-second sample of \
Warren Stacey	description	Stacey's R&B single \
Alexei Navalny	description	recorded August 2013
Crazy Blues	description	Mamie Smith's performance of Perry Bradford's \
Cannibal	description	\
Cannibal	description	\
We R Who We R	description	\
Hopsin	description	A sample of Ill Mind of Hopsin 4 which features his most known Tyler, The Creator diss.
Love Will Keep Us Together	description	Captain & Tennille's \
Red Barked Tree	description	Described in the New Zealand Herald as \
Red Barked Tree	description	\
Red Barked Tree	description	Colin Newman was particularly pleased with this track: \
Div' dūjiņas gaisā skrēja	description	Performed by Lizete Iesmiņa-Mihelsone
Lizete Iesmiņa-Mihelsone	description	Div’ dūjiņas gaisā skrēja, performed by Lizete Iesmiņa-Mihelsone
MiRBase	description	microRNA annotation and deep-sequencing data.
ChEMBL	description	Biological database
Alex Day	description	Sample of the song \
Good Friend and a Glass of Wine	description	30.0
Mean	description	A 24-second sample of \
Take Control	description	A sample of \
Poison	description	A sample of \
F.A.M.E.	description	A sample of \
Poloroid	description	Poloroid's biggest chart hit was described as \
Dynamo	description	A sample from the leading track, \
Dynamo	description	A sample from the album version of the single track \
Dynamo	description	A sample from the closing track, \
Dancemania 4	description	\
Sound healing	description	Sound healing session example, with tuning forks, singing bowls, overtone singing and metalphone
Sparks Fly	description	A sample of Taylor Swift's \
The Story of Us	description	A 27-second sample of \
Sunshine Girl	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Dancemania 6	description	\
Dancemania 5	description	The non-stop mixing was done by the Italian DJ introduced as the \
Dancemania 9	description	\
Maria Sadowska	description	\
Eurasian wren	description	song
Someday	description	A sample from the song's first chorus, featuring simple, straightforward vocal delivery and plain music, that uses the melody of an acoustic piano.
Wind Quintet	description	Performed by James Galway  with the Carion quintet
Sleazy	description	Kesha raps over a thundering bass line combined with a ticking beat backing as she talks about wealthy men that are trying to buy her attention.
Gonna Get This	description	An audio sample of Hannah Montana's \
Rabiosa	description	15.0
I Do	description	The song has an uptempo arrangement, reminiscent to \
Super Bass	description	\
Jessie J	description	\
Happiness	description	A sample of the song, described as an \
Friday Night Lights	description	30.0
21	description	The revenge song \
21	description	On \
S&M	description	A 21-second audio sample of the song. The audio sample shows Rihanna chanting the hook \
Faya	description	FYA's single \
L'art de toucher le clavecin	description	from L'art de toucher le clavecin, performed by Robert Schröter on a harpsichord tuned in equal temperament
L'art de toucher le clavecin	description	The same work performed in a reconstructed tuning of \
So Appalled	description	30.0
Express	description	A 26-second sample of \
Breaking News	description	A twenty-four second sample of Jackson's song \
Army of Love	description	30.0
Desert Funk!	description	The track performed by CeCe Peniston
Young, Black, Rich and Famous	description	M-Doc featuring CeCe Peniston
West Side Stories	description	CeCe Peniston singing the lead vocal on a Lorber's song co-written with Eric Benét
Si No Te Hubiera Conocido	description	\
2011 State of the Union Address	description	--01-25
2011 State of the Union Address	description	audio only version
Yakiv Stepovy	description	Lyrics by Lesya Ukrainka. Performed by Pavlo Hunka  and Albert Krywolt
Yakiv Stepovy	description	Lyrics by Oleksandr Oles. Performed by Isabel Bayrakdarian  and Albert Krywolt
Yakiv Stepovy	description	Lyrics by Lesya Ukrainka. Performed by Krisztina Szabó  and Albert Krywolt
Plasmapper	description	Plasmid mapping server
Leon Lishner	description	Two folk songs from the Spanish Civil War sung by Lishner.
Lost in Time	description	The socially conscious, Philly soul-inspired song features gritty guest vocals from Eddie Levert of The O'Jays and crooner-smooth vocals by Benét.
Who's That Chick%3F	description	The audio sample of \
Pretty Girl Rock	description	A sample of \
Hold My Hand	description	A Twenty-two second sample of Jackson's song \
Kush	description	Music sample of Kush.
Blow	description	\
Grenade	description	An 18-second sample of the chorus of \
It Hurts	description	A sample of 2NE1's \
Entren Los Que Quieran	description	This song features \
Entren Los Que Quieran	description	\
Pray	description	A sample of \
Tonight	description	A 23-second sample of the clean version, Tonight .
Fuckin' Perfect	description	22.0
Castle Walls	description	30.0
This Little Light	description	The chrous of the 2010 remix of \
1930s in jazz	description	The chord progression from Gershwin's \
Antandroy	description	The lokanga is commonly heard in traditional Antandroy music of southern Madagascar.
E.T.	description	A 21-second sample containing Perry's stuttered vocals over the \
Sale el Sol	description	18.0
Rolling in the Deep	description	Adele sang the chorus with her highest notes.
Inhaler	description	Sample of \
Ariettes oubliées	description	all by: Xiaobo Su, soprano; Giorgi Latso, piano
Bigger	description	A sample of \
Down to Earth	description	A sample of \
Love Faces	description	A sample of the song, demonstrating its piano foundation
Mehreen Mahmud	description	Tumi Acho Boley by Mehreen
Songs of the Sea	description	A sample of the mute version of \
My Old Dutch	description	1899
Love the Way You Lie	description	A 25-second sample of the piano version of \
Wish You Were Here	description	26.0
Smile	description	30.0
Sing Like Me	description	A sample of the song, demonstrating its slow tempo and \
EMAGE	description	e-Mouse Atlas of Gene Expression
The Way You Love Me	description	A 28-second sample of \
She's Got Nothing On	description	30.0
Coming Home	description	Diddy's second verse where he references the death of Notorious B.I.G and other moments in his life.
Bass Down Low	description	A sample of \
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim	description	30
Linda Hopper	description	The chorus of \
Lexus IS	description	Lexus IS F dynamometer test
Lena Guilbert Ford	description	Performed by Frederick Wheeler for Edison Records in late 1915.
Can't Wait 'Til Christmas	description	A sample from \
California King Bed	description	25.0
Fight for You	description	A 26-second sample of the chorus of \
Clare's Dragoons	description	Radio Éireann Symphony Orchestra and conductor Aloys Fleischmann.
Rick Moses	description	Sample of \
So Beautiful or So What	description	A 27-second sample of \
The Moon Represents My Heart	description	A short clip of \
Hollywood Tonight	description	A Thirty-seven second sample of Jackson's song \
Wojciech Rybicki	description	sample
Don't You Wanna Stay	description	25.0
William Gallagher	description	recorded August 2013
Alexa Goddard	description	Goddard's version of \
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease	description	The sound of wheezing as heard with a stethoscope.
Ass on the Floor	description	A sample of \
Tony Ryan	description	--02-21
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	--01-25
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	audio only version
Timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama	description	Barack Obama issues remarks on the release of his long form birth certificate
Vicki Leekx	description	The mixtape features heavy percussion, Auto-Tuned vocals, and contains attacks on \
Hold It Against Me	description	22.0
Born This Way	description	A 26-second sample of \
Brave	description	A 30-second sample of \
Watch the Throne	description	Opener \
Watch the Throne	description	Sample of \
Skin Trade	description	Many critics felt Jaa lacked fluency in English.
Nirbachito Column	description	115.0
Rebase	description	A database for DNA restriction enzymes
PlasmoDB	description	Plasmodium genome database
MatrixDB	description	extracellular matrix interactions database.
Bio2RDF	description	Bio2RDF
Drag Me Down	description	An 18-second sample of \
Allele frequency net database	description	online repository for immune gene frequencies in worldwide populations.
AmoebaDB	description	functional genomic resources for Amoebozoa
AREsite	description	comprehensive investigation of AU-rich elements.
ArachnoServer	description	resource for spider toxin sequences and structures.
ASD	description	ASD: a comprehensive database of allosteric proteins and modulators.
Autophagy database	description	Protein involved in autophagy
AspicDB	description	alternative splicing prediction.
BISC	description	Protein–protein interaction database linking structural biology with functional genomics
Bovine genome database	description	integrated tools for genome annotation
Brix	description	database of protein fragments
Biomolecule stretching database	description	biomolecule stretching database.
CaSNP	description	copy number alterations of cancer genome from SNP array data.
CancerResource	description	Cancer-related proteins and compounds
CADgene	description	database for coronary artery disease genes.
BRENDA tissue ontology	description	ontology of all organisms for enzyme sources.
CLIPZ	description	Experimentally determined binding sites of RNA-binding proteins.
Combrex	description	functional annotation of prokaryotic genomes.
ChemProt	description	disease chemical biology database
Conformational dynamics data bank	description	conformational dynamics of proteins and supramolecular protein assemblies.
Catfish genome database	description	The catfish genome database
Compendium of protein lysine acetylation	description	protein lysine acetylation.
Cervical cancer gene database	description	genes involved in cervix cancer.
Classification of mobile genetic elements	description	CLAssification of mobile genetic elements
Comparative regulatory genomics database	description	conserved Non-coding DNA
IES database	description	Database of macronuclear and micronuclear genes in spirotrichous ciliates.
ECRbase	description	conserved regions, promoters, and transcription factor binding sites
DiProDB	description	DiProDB: a database for dinucleotide properties.
FREP	description	functional repeats in mouse cDNAs.
Genetic codes	description	Genetic codes
GISSD	description	Group I Intron Sequence and Structure Database.
Gypsy	description	Mobile genetic elements
De Ghuma Ke	description	A sample to \
HumHot	description	human meiotic recombination hot spots.
InSatDb	description	microsatellites of fully sequenced insect genomes.
Isfinder	description	bacterial insertion sequencess.
Islander	description	integrative islands in prokaryotic genomes
L1Base	description	annotation & prediction of active LINE-1 elements.
MethDB	description	DNA methylation data.
MICdb	description	Prokaryotic
MICdb	description	Microsatellite
NGSmethDB	description	next-generation sequencing single-cytosine-resolution DNA methylation data.
You and I	description	A sample of \
Nucleosome positioning region database	description	Nucleosome Positioning Region Database.
OriDB	description	DNA replication origin database.
Freakum Dress	description	A 20-second sample of the song demonstrating the riff, and Knowles urging women to put on their \
Prelude, Op. 28, No. 15	description	Giorgi Latso
Killer Love	description	A 26-second sample of the \
Prelude, Op. 28, No. 4	description	Porticodoro / SmartCGArt Media Productions - Steinway Piano
PANDIT	description	protein and associated nucleotide domains with inferred trees.
Patome	description	sequence annotation and analysis in patents.
On the Floor	description	A 23-second sample of \
H•A•M	description	30.0
Look at Me Now	description	A sample of \
Underground Authority	description	A 29-second sample of the song \
PolymiRTS	description	polymorphisms in microRNA target sites with complex traits.
Pseudogene	description	pseudogene annotation.
Recode	description	frameshifting, bypassing and codon redefinition used for gene expression.
RegTransBase	description	regulatory sequences and interactions
Snptstr	description	microsatellite-SNP markers.
MARt	description	scaffold/matrix attached regions.
RetrOryza	description	Long terminal repeat
RetrOryza	description	Retrotransposons
Strbase	description	short tandem repeat DNA database
Synthetic gene database	description	synthetic genes re-designed for optimizing protein over-expression.
TassDB	description	alternative tandem splice sites.
TIGR plant repeat database	description	repetitive sequences in plants.
TIGR plant transcript assembly database	description	Plant transcript assemblies
Transpogene	description	transposed elements influence on the transcriptome
Tandem Repeats Database	description	Tandem repeats
UCbase	description	ultraconserved sequences database.
UgMicroSatdb	description	microsatellites from unigenes.
Univec	description	vector contamination
UTRdb	description	sequences and regulatory motifs of the untranslated regions of eukaryotic mRNAs.
UTRome	description	a platform for 3'UTR biology in C. elegans.
VectorDB	description	Characterization and classification of nucleic acid vectors
WTF%3F!	description	\
Artade	description	ARabidopsis Tiling-Array-based Detection of Exons
Mr. Saxobeat	description	A sample.
Victorious: Music from the Hit TV Show	description	The chorus of \
She Ain't You	description	A 25-second audio sample of the song, containing lyrics about falling in and out of love.
Help Is on the Way	description	11.0
Sandeep Khurana	description	\
Sandeep Khurana	description	\
Sandeep Khurana	description	\
Sandeep Khurana	description	\
Alternative splicing annotation project	description	comparative genomics of alternative splicing.
Price Tag	description	A 22-second sample of \
Here I Stand	description	The song incorporates soul which led to comparisons with Stevie Wonder.
Alternative splicing and transcript diversity database	description	alternative Splicing and Transcript Diversity database.
ChimerDB	description	Conjoined gene
5	description	databases of aberrant 3'- and 5'-splice sites.
ECgene	description	genome annotation for alternative splicing.
Breeding Ground	description	Epic
Breeding Ground	description	This Time Tomorrow
Charanjit Singh	description	Sample of \
Charanjit Singh	description	Sample of \
Charanjit Singh	description	Sample of \
Betty	description	A sample of the song's first verse, featuring a snap rhythm
Tavito Nanao	description	A sample from the chorus of the single \
Tavito Nanao	description	A sample from Nanao's collaboration with Yakenohara , one of his most commercially successful works.
Consensus CDS Project	description	Convergence towards a standard set of gene annotations
Who You Are	description	A sample of \
Who You Are	description	A sample of \
Who You Are	description	\
The Edge of Glory	description	A 32-second sample of \
You Haven't Seen the Last of Me	description	\
Ashur Bet Sargis	description	A music sample of Bet Sargis' voice in 1979.
Kono Yoru o Tomete yo	description	A sample from \
All of the Lights	description	According to Allmusic's Andy Kellman, the song exemplifies its album's contrasting elements and is \
Frank Birnbaum	description	A 1973 recording of Cantor Frank Birnbaum performing \
Frank Birnbaum	description	Birnbaum sings Avinu Malkeinu
Charles Harford Lloyd	description	Anthem for choir with organ accompaniment
Charles Harford Lloyd	description	Suite in the Old Style for Clarinet and Pianoforte
Charles Harford Lloyd	description	Arranged for organ by A. Herbert Brewer
Femme Fatale	description	22.0
Femme Fatale	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings over a whistled melody.
What Happened to Us	description	A 25-second sample from Jessica Mauboy and Jay Sean's \
Syd Nomis	description	Commentator Viviers on Nomis's try
Busy for Me	description	Co-written by Aurea and produced by Rui Ribeiro, the jazz styled ballad became Aurea's first number one single in Portugal.
I Do	description	A 17-second sample from Colbie Caillat's \
Wasting Light	description	Sample of the album's lead single \
St. Matthew's German Evangelical Lutheran Church	description	A Mighty Fortress Is Our God on the Meneely Bell Foundry  bell set.
St. Matthew's German Evangelical Lutheran Church	description	Postlude improvisation of Hyfrydol on the Austin Organ Opus 2465 at St. Matthew's Lutheran Church in Charleston, South Carolina.  W. Douglas Ludlum, organist.
Altai Khairkhan	description	Altai Khairkhan performing using various types of overtone singing
Manx2 Flight 7100	description	Transmission of a distress radiobeacon on 121.5 MHz and 243 MHz
Part of Me	description	22.0
Judas	description	A 25-second sample of \
That Should Be Me	description	A sample of \
Aphrodite	description	19.0
I Love Rock 'n' Roll	description	Joan Jett and the Blackhearts' \
Sergei Kovalev	description	--05-05
Take On Me	description	23.0
Strings	description	Sar Kiye Yeh Pahar, Strings single from the album Duur. The song is written and composed by Bilal Maqsood.
	description	An audio sample from \
Britney	description	A sample of Bebo Norman's \
All Things Bright and Beautiful	description	Sample of the song \
Nlaka'pamux	description	Phonograph cylinder recording of song by Nlaka'pamux in British Columbia, 1897.
Non-sinusoidal waveform	description	5.0
Non-sinusoidal waveform	description	Sawtooth waves played bandlimited and aliased at 440 Hz, 880 Hz, and 1760 Hz
Say Say Say	description	\
King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime	description	30.0
Trumpet voluntary	description	168.0
El Salón México	description	25.0
Cello Concerto No. 2	description	Performed by orchestra with cellist John Michel
Animal Collective	description	Released as the first single from Merriweather Post Pavilion, \
The King of Limbs	description	This sample contains part of the chorus.
Bourrée	description	Performed on a lautenwerck by Martha Goldstein
There's a Riot Goin' On	description	The opening track introduces the predominant hard funk of Riot, and has themes of drug-induced euphoria.
There's a Riot Goin' On	description	The minimalist soul song contains a horn-driven melody, raspy vocals and delicate keyboard lines.
There's a Riot Goin' On	description	The closing track ends Riot with its heavy funk and hedonistic themes throughout a dark soundscape.
Classical guitar repertoire	description	Choro \
Doro	description	\
Doro	description	The official Wacken Hymn, performed by Doro and Skyline.
Veni, vidi, vici	description	Robert Browne Hall's 1896 march, Veni, Vidi, Vici, performed by the United States Air Force Band.
Rodeo	description	25.0
Rodeo	description	24.0
Rodeo	description	16.0
Rodeo	description	20.0
Les pêcheurs de perles	description	Sung by Enrico Caruso in 1904
Les pêcheurs de perles	description	Sung by Joseph Rogatechwsky in 1928
Black-necked stilt	description	Calls from an agitated black-necked stilt in Palo Alto, California
Negaraku	description	Negaraku
Violin Sonata	description	Performed by Albert Tipton  and Mary Norris
Someone like You	description	A 27-second sample of “Someone like You” which  features spare and understated production. In the song, Adele wishes her former lover happiness on his new relationship and begs him to never forget her.
Keneth Alden Simons	description	15.0
EDAS	description	databases of alternatively spliced human genes.
Exon-intron database	description	database of protein-coding intron-containing genes.
ExtraTrain	description	Extragenic regions and Transcriptional information in prokaryotic organisms.
Functional element SNPs database	description	Functional Element SNPs Database in human.
Till the World Ends	description	A 23-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Spears singing over an electro beat influenced by trance and Eurodance.
Lotus Flower	description	This sample of the song contains part of the chorus and title lyric.
Taken by a Stranger	description	Sample from the chorus of \
The Words That Maketh Murder	description	Harvey's distinctive use of autoharp and Eddie Cochran-influenced refrain are featured in \
Shanghai	description	29.0
Set Fire to the Rain	description	A 23-second sample of \
Human-transcriptome database for alternative splicing	description	alternative splicing database of completely sequenced and manually annotated full-length cDNAs
H-Invitational	description	annotation resource for human genes and transcripts.
Lift Me Up	description	A 24-second sample of \
Si Schroeder	description	This is a 29-second clip from the 2006 Si Schroeder single
Order Made	description	A sample from \
Coping Mechanisms	description	A clip from Coping Mechanisms track C4
Loser like Me	description	A sample of \
Tim Halperin	description	Excerpt of Halperin's single \
Tim Halperin	description	Excerpt of \
Frank Ocean	description	The 2012 song mixes spiritual and sexual subject matter and features colorful guitar, fluctuating synthesizers, and a loping rhythm section.
We're New Here	description	Jamie xx incorporates high-pitched vocal samples, frenetic drum and bass beats, and thick synth washes to the original recording of \
Allen Forrest	description	Single from The Allen Forrest Project Presents.
Beautiful People	description	A 21-second sample of \
Second Chance	description	The song's narrator is insistent about sending his message—he has to see his lover in person—across through whatever social networking platform, making references to email, tweets, and texts.
Second Chance	description	The primarily acoustic track is about the basics of romantic love and features a lush soundscape, delicate melody, and fingersnaps.
House of Jealous Lovers	description	Luke Jenner's strained vocals were described as an \
How to Train Your Dragon: Music from the Motion Picture	description	Main theme from the film, this portion of the song portrays the recurring motif of the soundtrack.
Hollywood	description	Comparative relational database of alternative splicing.
ProSAS	description	alternative splicing in the context of protein structures.
Intronerator	description	introns and alternative splicing in Caenorhabditis elegans.
PDBsum	description	Overview of the structures contained within the Protein Data Bank.
Ghost	description	Sample of \
Ghost	description	Sample of \
Get It Right	description	A sample of \
Maria Duchêne	description	Un ballo in maschera , Act 1, Scene 2. Performed by Enrico Caruso, Frieda Hempel, Marie Duchène, Andrés de Segurola and Léon Rothier
Checkmate!	description	Amuro's collaboration with Double was extremely successful digitally, being certified by the RIAJ as a double platinum ringtone and as a gold cellphone download in 2008.
Me & My Microphone	description	A 22-second sample of September's \
Simple Modular Architecture Research Tool	description	Identification scheme for protein domains.
SpliceInfo	description	mRNA alternative splicing in human genome.
U12 intron database	description	orthologous U12-type spliceosomal introns.
Mammalian promoter database	description	annotation and visualization of mammalian gene promoters and ChIP-seq experimental data.
RegulonDB	description	Transcriptional regulation of Escherichia coli K-12
Mr. Taxi	description	\
This Endris Night	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus.
11	description	Reich altered NORAD radio communications like this one and integrated them into WTC 9/11.
TcoF-DB	description	human transcription co-factors and transcription factor interacting proteins.
FlyFactorSurvey	description	Drosophila transcription factor binding
REDfly	description	database of transcriptional regulatory elements
Divas of Disco	description	CeCe Peniston performing live her cover version of the Donna Summer's hit from 1978
Inside Out	description	22.0
I Wanna Go	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus, where Spears sings over a repetitive whistled arpeggio melody.
UniPROBE	description	database of protein-binding microarray data on protein-DNA interactions.
4	description	The horns and percussion used on \
4	description	Beyoncé viewed \
NeXtProt	description	neXtProt: exploring the universe of human proteins
WebGeSTer	description	transcription terminator database.
Friday	description	A 22-second sample of \
ABCdb	description	ABCdb database on ABC transporter systems in prokaryotic genomes.
Yeastract	description	Transcriptional Regulatory Associations in Saccharomyces cerevisiae
LncRNAdb	description	Long non-coding RNAs.
BindingDB	description	Chemical database
Biophilia	description	A 28-second audio sample of the album's lead single, \
MiRGator	description	functional annotation of microRNAs.
MiRTarBase	description	Experimentally validated microRNA-target interactions .
MESAdb	description	microRNA expression and sequence analysis.
PmiRKB	description	plant microRNA database
Porcelain Black	description	Black's debut single, \
Porcelain Black	description	2010.0
Porcelain Black	description	Porcelain Black's music contains a wide range of styles; \
Here We Go Again: Celebrating the Genius of Ray Charles	description	\
RepTar	description	predicted cellular targets of host and viral miRNAs.
Il est né, le divin Enfant	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus in a bilingual French-and-English version.
Dormi, dormi, bel Bambin	description	Performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus
StarBase	description	microRNA-mRNA interaction maps from Argonaute CLIP-Seq and Degradome-Seq data.
TRNADB	description	tRNA gene database
Songs and poetry of Soviet servicemen deployed to Vietnam	description	1.0
Songs and poetry of Soviet servicemen deployed to Vietnam	description	\
Songs and poetry of Soviet servicemen deployed to Vietnam	description	\
Conserved Domain Database	description	Conserved Domain Database for the functional annotation of proteins.
Sucker Punch	description	Browning's cover of \
LocDB	description	experimental annotations of localization
C'Mon	description	In \
PSORTdb	description	protein subcellular localization database
Phospho.ELM	description	phosphorylation sites
Phospho3D	description	3
I'm Into You	description	A twenty-second sample of \
PolyQ	description	sequence and domain context of polyglutamine repeats in proteins.
Indian Genetic Disease Database	description	Biodatabase
Protein-RNA interface database	description	Protein–RNA Interface Database.
IsoBase	description	functionally related proteins across PPI networks.
Orthologous MAtrix	description	orthology inference among 1000 complete genomes.
OrthoDB	description	Catalog of Orthologs.
We Got the Party	description	A sample of \
Motivation	description	A 23-second sample of \
G protein-coupled receptors database	description	G protein-coupled receptor data, web tools & diagrams
Laminin database	description	high-throughput and curated data on laminins.
OMPdb	description	β-barrel outer membrane proteins .
Dancehall Queen	description	\
Peroxiredoxin classification index	description	database of subfamily assignments across the diverse peroxiredoxin family.
RNA helicase database	description	RNA helicase database.
ThYme	description	thioester-active enzymes.
TMPad	description	helix-packing folds in transmembrane proteins.
Transient receptor potential channel-interacting protein database	description	database of protein–protein interactions for mammalian TRP channels.
Voltage-gated potassium channel database	description	Voltage-gated potassium channel database.
Hair	description	A 28-second sample of \
Marry the Night	description	30.0
I Am the Club Rocker	description	Music critics stated that \
Michael Wildes	description	Former U.S. President Bill Clinton endorses Wildes for his 2006 reelection bid
	description	A 24-second sample of \
Papi	description	22.0
Right There	description	A 26-second sample of the songs chorus featuring \
Big Fat Bass	description	A 27-second sample of the song's chorus, features Spears' heavily processed vocals over a house beat.
Stone Rollin'	description	\
Stone Rollin'	description	\
GlycomeDB	description	Glycomics
Run the World	description	\
Marika Gombitová discography	description	One of the singer's earliest and unreleased songs by now, co-written by Peter Nagy.
SuperSweet	description	natural and artificial sweetening agents.
Non-B database	description	predicted non-B DNA-forming motifs in mammalian genomes.
ModBase	description	Database of comparative protein structure models
Spill	description	On this recording of a snare drum, the other parts of the drum kit  can be heard through the snare drum microphone
Spill	description	On this recording of a snare drum, the other parts of the drum kit  have been attenuated through the use of a noise gate
Spill	description	On this recording of a drum kit, controlled levels of spill are used to blend the individual drums together.  The reverb is natural, and has spilled into the overhead microphones
Database of protein conformational diversity	description	protein conformational diversity.
Overhead microphone	description	On this recording of a drum kit, the overhead microphones provide a clear stereo image of the kit as a whole
Overhead microphone	description	On this recording of a drum kit, the lack of overhead microphones leaves the recording without much ambience, as the sound is only provided by the close microphones
Overhead microphone	description	On this recording of a drum kit, overhead microphones are balanced with the close microphones to blend the stereo sound of the kit and ambience together
Ateliér duše	description	One of the singer's most played compositions.
Protein circular dichroism data bank	description	circular dichroism spectral and metadata.
Semper Fidelis	description	John Philip Sousa's Semper Fidelis March, performed by the  United States Marine Corps Band in June 1909 on Edison Records.
Semper Fidelis	description	1989
Por Debajo de la Mesa	description	A sample of the lead single \
Call Your Girlfriend	description	\
Structure atlas of human genome	description	predicted structures of all human proteins.
Open protein structure annotation network	description	collaborative annotation environment for structural genomics.
Nikolai Levichev	description	recorded July 2013
Drum cadence	description	Snare drum cadences performed by the United States Navy Band
IGRhCellID	description	genomic resources of human cell lines for identification.
Stem cell lineage database	description	Stem Cell Lineage Database for the annotation of cell types and developmental lineages.
Next to You	description	A sample of \
Don't Wanna Go Home	description	A 23-second sample of part of the chorus of \
Club Rocker	description	\
Operon database	description	operon organizations
Euchorthippus declivus	description	20.0
PhylomeDB	description	genome-wide collections of gene phylogenies.
What's Your Name	description	The song uses thrusting new wave-influenced synth riffs.
PhEVER	description	virus-host evolutionary relationships.
Radwimps 3: Mujintō ni Motte Ikiwasureta Ichimai	description	Radwimps debut major label single, the mid-tempo \
Radwimps 3: Mujintō ni Motte Ikiwasureta Ichimai	description	Upbeat pop-punk song \
Omocestus rufipes	description	29.0
ViralZone	description	virus diversity.
Dark Fantasy	description	A sample of \
Underneath the Stars	description	70.0
Effective	description	predicted secreted bacterial proteins.
Sara Niemietz	description	Feat. Sara Niemietz
Pseudomonas genome database	description	comparative genomics for Pseudomonas genomes.
Polymorphic simple sequence repeats database	description	polymorphic simple sequence repeats extracted from prokaryotic genomes.
Toxin-antitoxin database	description	Type 2 toxin-antitoxin loci
Full-parasites	description	full-length cDNAs of apicomplexa parasites
Reasons	description	Earth, Wind & Fire's \
ParameciumDB	description	Paramecium tetraurelia genome sequence
Fusarium graminearum genome database	description	genome resource on the plant pathogen Fusarium graminearum.
Tettigonia cantans	description	35.0
Yeast promoter atlas	description	Yeast Promoter Atlas.
Hymenoptera genome database	description	resources for insect species of the order Hymenoptera.
Nostalgia, Ultra	description	\
Nostalgia, Ultra	description	\
Maware Maware	description	A 25-second sample of the chorus of \
KaPPA-View4	description	metabolic pathway database
Wonder Woman	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Pathway commons	description	biological pathways.
Where Them Girls At	description	A sample of \
3did	description	identification and classification of domain-based interactions of known three-dimensional structure.
Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu	description	29.0
DIMA	description	predicted and known interactions between protein domains
Omocestus viridulus	description	480.0
Omocestus viridulus	description	22.0
Rufous grasshopper	description	14.0
Conocephalus discolor	description	29.0
Just a Kiss	description	A 22-second sample of the final chorus of \
DroID	description	integrated resource for protein, transcription factor, RNA and gene interactions
Irresistible	description	A 21-second sample of the Lachey penned \
Irresistible	description	A 19-second sample of \
HitPredict	description	quality assessed protein-protein interactions in nine species.
Tattoo	description	Tattoo played on the bugle by a member of the United States Army Band
Be Someone Else	description	23.0
KUPS	description	datasets of interacting and non-interacting protein pairs with associated attributions.
Here We Go Again	description	Ray Charles' \
Here We Go Again	description	The Jones–Charles version was the first notable duet vocals version and earned Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals .
Sequence Read Archive	description	FASTQ format
Sequence Read Archive	description	BAM format
PCRPi-DB	description	computationally annotated hot spots in protein interfaces.
Shock	description	\
Dirty Dancer	description	A sample of \
ProtCID	description	Similar interactions of homologous proteins in multiple crystal forms
Yūshinron	description	A sample from \
RegPhos	description	protein kinase-substrate phosphorylation network in humans.
Futarigoto	description	The version of \
Carl Friedemann	description	Kaiser Friedrich Marsch , played by the United States Marine Corps Band, c. 1909
REPAIRtoire	description	DNA repair
REPAIRtoire	description	Systems biology
Radiosurgery	description	Samples of \
Spike	description	highly curated human signaling pathways.
	description	A 21-second sample of the song, with Sabi singing \
Scheiße	description	A 22-second sample of \
One Direction	description	One Direction's debut single, \
Beat of My Drum	description	18.0
National symbols of Croatia	description	Croatian National Anthem
Ciona intestinalis protein database	description	repository of large-scale omics data, bioinformatic analyses and curated annotation
Love You like a Love Song	description	A sample of \
Washington Grays	description	Performed by the United States Air Force Concert Band in 1998.
Dada	description	The version of \
Nader Guirat	description	Nader's French-Arabic duet with Mohamed Dahleb''.
Nader Guirat	description	Guirat's latest single.
RIKEN integrated database of mammals	description	Riken integrated database of mammals.
Glossary of association football terms	description	Voice of America report on the impact of vuvuzelas at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Shotgun	description	\
TIARA	description	Total Integrated Archive of Short-Read and Array
DAnCER	description	disease-annotated chromatin epigenetics resource.
End of Time	description	A 22-second sample of the bridge \
DbCRID	description	chromosomal rearrangements in human diseases.
NCBI Epigenomics	description	epigenomic data sets.
Stay Alive	description	A 29-second sample of \
Stay Alive	description	A sample from \
Stay Alive	description	2008.0
DbDNV	description	duplicated gene nucleotide variants in the human genome.
3-Way	description	17.0
Kioku	description	\
Nyan Cat	description	An excerpt from the song
1+1	description	1.0
Fruta Fresca	description	21.0
MTV Unplugged: Los Tigres del Norte and Friends	description	A sample of , \
In the Dark	description	A sample of \
Best Thing I Never Had	description	A 25-second sample of second verse of \
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2	description	\
FINDbase	description	genetic variation allele frequencies.
Variations and drugs database	description	structure-centric database of disease-related SNPs and drugs.
Opus	description	The first is uncompressed wav file. The second is a mp3 file encoded at 16kbps using LAME, and third is an opus file encoded at 16kbps.
Move	description	A sample of the chorus of \
Barrio Boyzz	description	The duet, with Selena, peaked at number-one on three Billboard charts in 1994, as Selena and the Barrio Boyzz promoted the song during her Amor Prohibido Tour. The song helped the Barrio Boyzz crossover to Southern United States
Virgin	description	A sample of the album's lead single, \
International Love	description	A 24-second sample of part of the chorus of \
She	description	A sample of the track, containing the end of Ocean's verse and his hook.
Lighters	description	A 30-second song sample, in which Mars finishes the soul-influenced hook and Eminem begins his verse. The keyboard instrumental has been compared to that of B.o.B's \
I'm with You	description	\
I'm with You	description	\
Beaver Dam Raceway	description	Dirt modifieds racing at Beaver Dam Raceway — 2.1 MB
Dead End	description	A pop rock song from the album Zero.
Days of Our Lives	description	Narrated by Macdonald Carey
Mário Reis	description	Mário Reis and Carmen Miranda.
Bang Bang Bang	description	A sample of \
Born Villain	description	Original version, as it appeared in the Born Villain short film
Lady Nina	description	Beginning of \
Slovak phonology	description	An excerpt of Slovak poem 'Mor ho' by Samo Chalupka . The speaker is a 21-year-old woman from Bratislava.
Rasad 1	description	AFSK Telemetry recorded from the Rasad 1 satellite on 465Mhz.
Wildstylez	description	'Art of Creation' by Project One, from the self titled album released in 2008.
Wildstylez	description	Sample of 'Year of Summer' by Wildstylez, released in 2012 by Q-Dance Records.
Linda November	description	2011
Artie Schroeck	description	2011
Talking to the Moon	description	21.0
The Loudest Engine	description	The only single released from Howling Bells' third album, The Loudest Engine.
Kyōshinshō	description	A sample from a verse and the beginning of the chorus of \
Countdown	description	A 21-second sample of part of the hook lines of \
Go! Pop! Bang!	description	\
Crystalline	description	A 28-second audio sample of  \
Rock On!!	description	29.0
Ramones	description	Over a \
Ramones	description	Cultural critic Anders Johannsson uses this 1977 single as an example of how most Ramones songs \
Some People	description	30.0
Loud	description	\
Loud	description	S&M's lyrics have been noted by some critics as being \
Loud	description	The album's second single, which features guest vocals by Drake, features an \
Angelien Eijsink	description	recorded September 2014
I Can't Live Without You in This Town	description	23.0
Alexander Malinin	description	Sample of \
Skyscraper	description	\
See No More	description	22.0
Messiah Part I	description	Performed by the MIT Concert Choir, William Cutter directing
Messiah Part I	description	Performed by MIT Concert Choir directed by William C. Cutter
Messiah Part I	description	Performed by MIT Concert Choir, W. Cutter directing
Messiah Part I	description	Performed by MIT Concert Choir, William Cutter directing
Messiah Part II	description	Performed by MIT Concert Choir, William Cutter directing
Messiah Part II	description	Performed by MIT Concert Choir, directed by William C. Cutter
Messiah Part II	description	Performed by MIT Concert Choir, directed by William C. Cutter.
Old Goan Gold	description	The song Konkani from this album
Heart Skips a Beat	description	An 20-second sample of \
Kemar McGregor	description	Produced by Kemar McGregor
Ai o Komete Hanataba o	description	The chorus of \
This Is Me	description	A 30-second sample of the second chorus of \
The DC3	description	Sample of the single version of \
The DC3	description	Sample of \
New Life	description	A 23-second sample of the R&B oriented ballad, where both singers demand their belongings back as they leave their abusive boyfriends behind.
Collide	description	A 24-second sample of \
Lulu	description	29.0
Neighborhoods	description	\
Neighborhoods	description	Compared to the band's 1997 sophomore record Dude Ranch in sound, \
My Moment	description	A sample of the song's chorus.
It's You	description	A 28-second sample of first chorus of \
BGMUT	description	database of variations in the genes that encode antigens of blood group systems
Otis	description	17.0
SeaLifeBase	description	A global online database of information about aquatic species
It Girl	description	A 20-second sample of \
LarvalBase	description	A global online database about ichthyoplankton and fish fry
This Is What Rock n' Roll Looks Like	description	Black's debut single, \
Waltz in A-flat major, Op. 64, No. 3	description	Performed by Veronica van der Knaap
Sinfonia Concertante for Four Winds	description	Performed by James Caldwell , William McColl , Robert Bonnevie , and Arthur Grossman , with the Casals Festival Orchestra, conducted by Alexander Schneider. Recorded at the Casals Festival by Voice of America in June 1964.
Ligaya	description	30
Evidence	description	\
Evidence	description	\
Evidence	description	\
Come to the Well	description	\
Come to the Well	description	\
Come to the Well	description	\
Come to the Well	description	\
Cheers	description	A 26-second sample of \
Rumour Has It	description	A 22-second sample of \
Love On Top	description	As Beyoncé repeats the chorus of \
Das Veilchen	description	Performed in 1952 by  , Elisabeth Margano
Shamiram Urshan	description	A music sample of Shamiram Urshan's voice from her 1978 album Shamiram.
Hanna Petros	description	A Syriac hymn sung by Hanna Petros, 1931.
I Was Here	description	23.0
TDR Targets	description	Chemogenomics resource for neglected diseases
Novacane	description	\
Polbase	description	Comprehensive database covering various aspects of DNA polymerases
Phil Volk	description	An audio sample of \
Sikivu Hutchinson	description	recorded August 2014
Criminal	description	22.0
Radiosurgery	description	Sample of \
We Run the Night	description	A 25-second sample from the RedOne remix of Havana Brown's \
Gorgeous	description	30.0
Lucky Day	description	20.0
Holly & Ivy	description	While recording \
What Makes You Beautiful	description	The song has a guitar-based chorus and riff
All of Creation	description	A sample of the \
Beautiful	description	A sample of the second verse and chorus of \
International Aging Research Portfolio	description	Non-Profit Open Access Knowledge Management System for Aging Research
Unbroken	description	A sample of the song \
Titanium	description	A 25-second sample of \
Non più andrai	description	Gramophone recording of Charles Santley singing this aria to a piano accompaniment in 1903, recorded by His Master's Voice
Somebody That I Used to Know	description	A 23-second sample of \
Chorthippus albomarginatus	description	9.7
Chorthippus albomarginatus	description	45.0
Chorthippus albomarginatus	description	466.0
Selena song)	description	Selena initially recorded \
Courageous	description	A 23-second audio sample of the second verse of the song, which features a \
Domino	description	30.0
Herman Matthews	description	Herman Matthews: Home at Last
Jerry Calliste, Jr.	description	Sample of Hashim's \
Otis Redding	description	Sample of \
Otis Redding	description	1930.0
I Miss You	description	An 18-second sample of part of the chorus lines of \
Night of Your Life	description	A 25-second sample of part of the chorus of \
The Change Inside of Me	description	A 21-second audio sample of the song's chorus. It has been noted as displaying a rock beat and has been described as a pop rock and adult contemporary song.
Shivers	description	The opening lyrics to \
Ryu Umemoto	description	The title theme \
Ryu Umemoto	description	\
Wildlife	description	'Edit Your Hometown' tells a tale of struggle and fuses the introspectiveness of emo with hardcore punk dynamism.
Wildlife	description	The song 'King Park' is a seven-minute ballad and has been described as the centrepiece to the whole album. Highlights the band's use of singing-speaking vocal style and matured lyrics inspired by loss and despair on songs about gang violence to a backing of \
Lollipop	description	A 20-second sample of the track, which was described as a pop and \
Glassheart	description	21.0
Nasty	description	The song's uptempo, minimal beat occasionally pauses, amid Nas' boasts of his rapping prowess.
TRANSFAC	description	Transcription Factor Database
Bach no Senritsu o Yoru ni Kiita Sei Desu	description	The electro to rock progression and choral elements in \
Garageland	description	27
St. Joseph's Anglo-Chinese School	description	School Song of SJACS
Count On Me	description	18.0
Swim Good	description	\
Tony, Caro and John	description	Sample of the song \
Tony, Caro and John	description	Sample of the song \
Tony, Caro and John	description	Sample of the song \
Life Is Good	description	Nas tries to reconcile his growing distance from \
Life Is Good	description	A modal jazz rap, the song features wooly saxophone, somber bass, and venomous lyrics.
Niggas in Paris	description	A 22-second sample of \
Why I Love You	description	19.0
Turn Me On	description	A sample of \
B in the Mix: The Remixes Vol. 2	description	A 30-second sample of the remix, where Spears' vocals contrasts with the trance influenced background.
Boyfriend	description	\
Independiente	description	A sample of the piano version of \
Independiente	description	A sample of \
A Hope for Home	description	A sample of the song \
A Hope for Home	description	A sample of the song \
A Hope for Home	description	A sample of the song \
Rakoto Frah	description	Sodina performance by Rakoto Frah in a song dedicated to him by group Feo Gasy
Just in Love	description	20.0
The One That Got Away	description	A 32-second sample of \
Alex, Jorge y Lena	description	A sample of \
The Yardbirds	description	20.0
Chammak Challo	description	A 50-second sample of the song \
Gabbar Singh	description	From Sholay Audio cassette , performed by Amjad Khan.This  laugh was one of the main features of the role.
Sequence Ontology	description	Biological sequence ontology
We Found Love	description	A 21-second sample of \
NIAID ChemDB	description	Small molecules that have been tested against HIV and/or related opportunistic infections
In Case You Didn't Know	description	A sample of \
In Case You Didn't Know	description	A sample of \
Stronger	description	A 22-second sample of \
Princess of China	description	Sample of \
Talk That Talk	description	A 17-second sample of \
TopFIND	description	TopFIND is the Termini oriented protein Function Inferred Database, a central resource of protein data integrated with knowledge on protein termini, proteolytic processing by proteases, terminal amino acid modifications and inferred functional implications created by combining community contributions with the UniProt and MEROPS databases.
It Will Rain	description	24.0
Whiplash	description	A 22-second sample of the pre-chorus of the song, which features Gomez delivering her lines in a thick British accent, and the pulsating chorus.
Mutual Core	description	29.0
One Tree Hill	description	Thirty-second sample of \
Lana Del Rey	description	\
Lana Del Rey	description	\
List of compositions by John Williams	description	Theme music for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles
Marchinha	description	Marchinha \
Marchinha	description	Marchinha \
Most Wanted	description	A 19-second sample of \
Most Wanted	description	A 20-second sample of \
Most Wanted	description	A 21-second sample of \
Dark bush-cricket	description	33.0
On Your Radar	description	The Saturdays dance/R&B song.
Protest songs in the United States	description	from album Dream of Life by Patti Smith
Protest songs in the United States	description	by Seriously, Argon Duck
Vyadeshwar	description	Audio file of Shri Vyadeshwar Aarti
DisProt	description	DisProt contains information about intrinsically unstructured proteins.
Electra Heart	description	A sample of \
Electra Heart	description	A sample of \
Bizounce	description	A 22-second audio sample of the song, which was promoted for its use of profane language, emphasizing its use of eleven \
Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down	description	The song features guitar flourishes, background vocals by Juliette Commagere, and countrypolitan violins. Its lyrics follow an exchange between a reckless rich owner of a big house and his maid, who comes from a community of farm workers.
Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down	description	The rhythmic, gospel-styled song is about a lower class White man's disillusionment. It was co-written by drummer Jim Keltner.
Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down	description	The song incorporates Tejano music and accordion by Flaco Jiménez. Its lyrics have the narrator reminiscing his past.
Endless	description	\
Timeline of modern American conservatism	description	--03-08
Timeline of modern American conservatism	description	--06-12
Timeline of modern American conservatism	description	George H.W. Bush speaking about taxes at the 1988 Republican National Convention
Documentaly	description	Music critics praised the musical progression, beginning with a simple piano arrangement and gradually incorporating rock and electronic elements in \
Documentaly	description	\
En Primera Fila	description	A sample of the lead single, \
Oecanthus pellucens	description	26.0
Tan Sólo Tú	description	A sample of the lead single, \
Leather Leone	description	Leon's vocals on \
Chris Rene	description	The midtempo track features an inspired fusion of Rene's hip-hop and soul-pop flavor, while telling the redemptive story of \
Capriccio on the departure of a beloved brother	description	Performed by Sylvia Kind
Car crash of Marika Gombitová	description	One of the songs recorded by singer for her eponymous set, Marika №5 , refers to two lovers who violently break up after their \
GWASdb	description	database for human genetic variants identified by genome wide association studies.
Video Games	description	A 28-second sample of the song's final chorus, features Del Rey using lower vocals over a background mixed with swathing strings and harps.
Moving in Secret	description	A 20-second sample of the song, featuring horns, synthesizers and drum instrumentation.
A Flash Flood of Colour	description	The third track and lead single of the album, \
A Flash Flood of Colour	description	The album's ninth track, \
No Church in the Wild	description	A sample of the track containing the closing lines of West's verse and Ocean's hook, over the bass-heavy production.
El Amor	description	A 24-second sample of \
Up All Night	description	The song has a guitar-based chorus and riff
Last Time Around	description	24.0
The Boys	description	\
Breathing	description	A 20-second audio sample of the chorus of the song, containing lyrics about winning back a past love.
Antes de las Seis	description	15.0
Shy Boy	description	A 23-second song sample of Shy Boy Korean version.
Fight	description	A 27-second sample of the song features Kanjani8 singing over a horn-heavy background
Fight	description	A 26-second sample of the song's chorus that displays the song's usage of English.
Fight	description	A 28-second sample of the song's gradual addition of instruments as it ends
A Thousand Years	description	A 23-second sample of the song
Is This It	description	\
London, Paris, New York	description	29.0
Pimpin'	description	An 18-second sample of \
Cockiness	description	A 16-second sample of the song's chorus, which features the lyrics \
You da One	description	A 17-second sample of \
Remember Me, Vol. 1	description	The title track of the album, written by Scotty Wiseman
Where Have You Been	description	A 24-second sample of the song's chorus, which has been compared to Pitbull's \
Watch n' Learn	description	A sample of \
Roc Me Out	description	A sample of \
Farewell	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus, which features the lyrics \
Do Ya Thang	description	A sample of \
Person of Interest	description	A sample of the song's chorus.
Some Nights	description	\
Symphony No. 5	description	Performed by the Skidmore College Orchestra. Music courtesy of Musopen
Symphony No. 5	description	Performed by the Fulda Symphony
Symphony No. 5	description	Performed by Berlin Philharmonic, conducted by Wilhelm Furtwängler in 1937
Sergey Mitrokhin	description	recorded August 2013
FU	description	21.0
Dance with Me Tonight	description	A 20-second sample of \
Piano music of Gabriel Fauré	description	The Berceuse from Dolly by Gabriel Fauré.
Wisdom	description	A brief sample of the first track from the Wisdom EP.
Wisdom	description	A brief sample of the last track from the Judas album.
Wisdom	description	A brief sample of the last track from the Marching For Liberty album.
Lola Yoʻldosheva	description	Sample of \
Foggy Dew	description	Instrumental version performed by Dancing Willow, featuring the viola da gamba and the low whistle
Talk That Talk	description	A sample of \
Yo-Yo	description	20.0
Live. Love. ASAP	description	ASAP Rocky references drugs, women, and fashion, and raps over the track's provocative choral progressions.
Start Over	description	A 20-second sample of \
Addicted to You	description	13.0
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded	description	21.0
Azealia Banks	description	The 2011 song features numerous vocal shifts, as well as lyrics containing word play, alliteration and assonance.
Dance for You	description	A sample of the bridge of \
David Phillips	description	--05-01
Song Ji-eun	description	Song Jieun's collaboration with Bang Yong-guk became a smash hit in South Korea and it became their first number one single in the country.
Tohir Sodiqov	description	Sample of the 1998 remix of \
Tohir Sodiqov	description	Sample of \
Tohir Sodiqov	description	Sample of \
What Were You Hoping For%3F	description	The ballad features sparse percussion and lyrics concerning an intimate relationship. Its strings and piano parts are by Hunt.
What Were You Hoping For%3F	description	The title track is a response to the effects of the global recession. It was recorded solely by Hunt, who played guitar and drums.
Born to Die	description	A 28-second sample of the song's final chorus which recalls the music scores of Gone with the Wind  and Western .
Dance	description	A sample from the song's first chorus, featuring the aggressive uptempo arrangement that is completely different from Nina's previous releases.
Skream discography	description	A widely known signature track, described as \
Hurt: The EP	description	25.0
Gotta Have It	description	20.0
Show Out	description	A 30-second sample of \
Satellite	description	30.0
Garden Song	description	20.0
Born to Die	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, features Del Rey incorporating a Jessica Rabbit persona over a \
I Care	description	A 24-second sample of \
Rather Die Young	description	A 23-second sample of \
List of works commissioned by Kappa Kappa Psi or Tau Beta Sigma	description	Movement 1 of Symphonic Songs for Band, titled \
List of works commissioned by Kappa Kappa Psi or Tau Beta Sigma	description	Excerpt from Traveler, performed by the North Texas Wind Symphony under the direction of Eugene Migliaro Corporon
Give Me All Your Luvin'	description	A 20-second sample of \
Formula, Vol. 1	description	24.0
Daizystripper	description	Sample of the \
Daizystripper	description	Sample of the single \
Stupid Hoe	description	18.0
212	description	212.0
RefDB	description	Chemical Shift database
SHIFTCOR	description	For protein chemical shift re-referencing
Schoolin' Life	description	\
Safe & Sound	description	27.0
BBC News presentation	description	The BBC News title \
BBC News presentation	description	The BBC News title music by David Lowe in 2007
B.O.B	description	\
Starlight Moonlight	description	A 23-second song sample of Starlight Moonlight Korean version.
Exotic Fever Records	description	Sample of the 2004 track \
Exotic Fever Records	description	Sample of the slower and less-frantic \
GeneDB	description	an annotation database for pathogens.
BioSD	description	A database containing aggregated information pertaining to reference samples and samples stored in the European Bioinformatics Institute assay databases.
AnimalTFDB	description	animal transcription factor database.
DBTSS	description	DataBase of Transcriptional Start Sites
Mapper	description	multi-genome catalog of putative transcription factor binding sites.
ScerTF	description	Transcription factors and position weight matrices
DoRiNA	description	RNA interactions in post-transcriptional regulation.
YeTFaSCo	description	yeast transcription factor sequence specificities.
Database for bacterial group II introns	description	bacterial group II introns.
MiRNEST	description	microRNA search and annotation.
Secret Time	description	A 22-second sample of the song.
NAPP	description	Nucleic Acid Phylogenetic Profile Database.
SABIO-Reaction Kinetics Database	description	Database for biochemical reactions and their kinetic properties
NONCODE	description	annotation of long noncoding RNAs.
VIRsiRNAdb	description	experimentally validated viral siRNA/shRNA.
CharProtDB	description	experimentally characterized protein annotations.
Call Me Maybe	description	A 19-second sample of the chorus which features Jepsen singing about hoping for a call back from a crush. The dance-pop background incorporates synthesized string chords, and elements from disco.
Brad Sweet	description	Sweet setting the fast time in qualifying for the USAC National Midget Series race at Dodge County, Wisconsin, USA in 2008 — 681 kb
Atlas of UTR Regulatory Activity	description	Atlas of UTR Regulatory Activity
PhosphoSitePlus	description	structure and function of experimentally determined post-translational modifications in man and mouse.
A Different Kind of Truth	description	\
I Won't Give Up	description	25.0
MimoDB	description	mimotope database
Anniversary	description	The romantic slow jam has elements of bolero and lyrics bestowing warmth and respect upon its female subject.
	description	A 30-second sample of the song
Yellow Pansy Street	description	A 25-second sample of the song features on half of the group singing the chorus, with the other half respond in a higher register
Yellow Pansy Street	description	A 26-second sample of the song's chorus that features the bilingual puns frequently used in the song
SitEx	description	protein functional sites on eukaryotic genes.
Birthday Cake	description	An eight second sample of \
Birthday Cake	description	24.0
EggNOG	description	Database of orthologous proteins at multiple taxonomical levels.
Drunk on Love	description	A 24-second sample of the song's chorus, which features the lyrics \
Life	description	A 28-second sample of the song displaying how the verses are split between the two groups
Wonderful World!!	description	A 28-second sample of the song shows transition from verse to chorus, highlighting the change from hip-hop to pop
Human Metabolome Database	description	Metabolomics database
Wow	description	A 23-seconds sample from Inna's \
Toxin and Toxin-Target Database	description	Toxin and toxin target database
Small Molecule Pathway Database	description	Pathway database
Lana Del Ray	description	A brief sample of \
Take You There	description	A 35-second sample of \
Complicated	description	A 20-second audio sample of the song.
Masterpiece	description	23.0
Szidi Tobias discography	description	Her critically most acclaimed composition written by Horáček and Hapka for their compilation Strážce plamene from 2006.
It All Belongs to Me	description	A 23-second sample of the R&B oriented ballad, where both singers demand their belongings back.
Missing My Baby	description	\
B.A.P	description	B.A.P's debut single, \
Champion	description	A 29-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Minaj both rapping and singing.
Lana Del Rey	description	21.0
Ensembl Genomes	description	An integrative resource for genome-scale data from non-vertebrate species.
BYKdb	description	the Bacterial protein tYrosine Kinase database.
ConoServer	description	conopeptide database.
Turn Up the Music	description	A 23-second sample of part of the chorus of \
Japonesque	description	A 30-seconds sample of \
Death Domain database	description	protein-protein interaction database for the Death Domain superfamily.
HIstome	description	Histone proteins and histone modifying enzymes.
March of Public Peace Preservation	description	The popular part of the original version of the song, from \
MIPModDB	description	Superfamily of Major intrinsic proteins.
Curiosity	description	A 23-second sample of the chorus which features Jepsen singing the ballad over an upbeat bubblegum pop influenced background.
NucleaRDB	description	nuclear receptors.
Verka	description	Never Going Out Love, from the first EP
Verka	description	Porazličen svet, from the album Jaggah
Verka	description	Ogin, from the album Motorni pesni
ProGlycProt	description	Prokaryotic
ProGlycProt	description	Glycoproteins
ProRepeat	description	amino acid tandem repeats in proteins.
BitterDB	description	bitter compounds.
Crystallography Open Database	description	crystal structures and platform for world-wide collaboration.
SCRIPDB	description	syntheses, chemicals and reactions in patents.
Going Crazy	description	A 22-second song sample. Backed by an electric guitar, pounding drums and a piano, Jieun sings the first half of the chorus in a frustated voice with vibrato and echoing sounds in some parts.
MINAS	description	Metal Ions in Nucleic AcidS.
Starships	description	21.0
Blue	description	28.0
Lift Up Your Face	description	An audio sample of \
Roman Holiday	description	30.0
Jordan Anderson	description	317.0
Rated R: Remixed	description	26.0
Sucker M.C.'s	description	sample of \
Ellen Gallagher	description	--05-01
RNA CoSSMos	description	Secondary Structure Motifs in RNA
Psophus stridulus	description	26.0
Vicky Donor	description	29.0
Fuiste Tú	description	A 23-second sample of \
Molecular Modeling Database	description	3
Warsaw Accordion Quintet	description	W. A. Mozart - Excerpt from the overture from The Marriage of Figaro
Girl Gone Wild	description	21.0
Complete & Unbelievable: The Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul	description	Sample of \
Climax	description	A 23-second sample of \
Freedom of Speech	description	Excerpt of \
Human proteome project	description	Whole-proteome characterization
Good Girl	description	19.0
Enamorada de Ti	description	The remix version of \
Enamorada de Ti	description	The remix version of \
Daybreaker	description	The album's fifth track follows a \
Daybreaker	description	The album's first single has been described as a \
Old Flame	description	The lead-off single for Old Flame topped the Billboard Country chart and garnered Newton her fifth Grammy nomination for Best Female Vocalist.
Blue Jeans	description	21.0
Boyfriend	description	A 17-second sample of the song's introduction features Bieber rapping using a lower-register and breathy vocals. The composition is similar to Justin Timberlake songs, while the lyrics were deemed as immature and silly.
Mollie O'Brien	description	Sample of \
Mollie O'Brien	description	Sample of \
Dance Again	description	A 24-second sample of the song's chorus, which features Lopez singing the pre-chorus before following to the chorus, where she states, \
Vaghy String Quartet	description	This passage excellently demonstrates the \
Dark Side	description	22.0
Murder of Suzanne Pilley	description	Voicemail message retrieved from the phone of Suzanne Pilley and played to the court in HMA v Gilroy.
Squeal	description	The album's first single, self-released by the band in 1994.
Shooting of Trayvon Martin	description	--02-26
Bang Yong-guk	description	Bang Yongguk wrote the rap parts of \
History of As the World Turns	description	Narrated by Dan McCullough. This version is the one used from 1956 to 1973, with organ music played by Charles Paul. This episode's sponsor is Ivory Snow
Heroes	description	The working title-track of the album features Nelson, as well as Snoop Dogg, Kris Kristofferson and Jamey Johnson
Zero Gravity	description	30.0
Eyes Open	description	A sample of Taylor Swift's \
Le chant des sirènes	description	A 30-second sample of \
Le chant des sirènes	description	A 30-second sample of \
Le chant des sirènes	description	A 30-second sample of \
Overexposed	description	A sample of \
Overexposed	description	\
Overexposed	description	Music critics praised the reggae-inspired composition and Levine's confident vocals on the song.
Denis Mandarino	description	Guitar and percussion.
Denis Mandarino	description	Serialism.
Denis Mandarino	description	Harpsichord and acoustic guitar.
Denis Mandarino	description	Two guitars.
The Don	description	A 16-second sample of \
Burn It Down	description	23.0
Lenny	description	The chorus and second verse of \
Warrior	description	A 25-second song sample. Backed by heavy synthesizers, heavy drums and whistles; B.A.P chants the chorus of \
Kirari	description	40.0
Gang Bang	description	30.0
Symphonic Fantasies	description	Sample of the introduction of the Kingdom Hearts suite, featuring Benyamin Nuss on the piano.
Invading My Mind	description	A twenty second sample of \
Big Hoops	description	A sample of \
One Love	description	A twenty-nine second sample of \
However Much Love	description	A sample from the song's bridge part, where \
Mercy	description	A sample of the track featuring Sean's verse and some lines by West, over the production of the song.
Evil Boy	description	A 30-second sample of \
Water and a Flame	description	\
Put It Down	description	30.0
Turbocharged petrol engines	description	1984
Secret Love	description	A 22-second song sample of the first chorus, featuring guitar instrumentation and drum beats. It also incorporates an intricate melodic phrasing.
Huang Zitao	description	\
Thinkin Bout You	description	\
Rhythm and Blues at the Flamingo	description	An audio sample of \
Impressive Instant	description	22.0
Systematic Protein Investigative Research Environment	description	web based mass spectrometry  proteomics analysis tool
Multi-Omics Profiling Expression Database	description	MOPED enables discoveries through consistently processed multi-omics data
Vida	description	A 23-second sample of \
Marta	description	A 23-second sample of \
A Million Lights	description	A 17-second sample of the \
A Million Lights	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus features Cole singing over a dance background.
A Million Lights	description	28.0
All Around the World	description	A 24-second sample of the song's chorus features Bieber singing over a dance background which incorporates heavy synths similar to the work of Britney Spears, Chris Brown and Usher.
Looking 4 Myself	description	Looking 4 Myself lead single is set in common time, and is built around a haunting riff. Its lyrics focuses on Usher's anguish over a failed relationship.
Looking 4 Myself	description	\
Homeless	description	A sample of \
Scream	description	A 23-second sample of \
El Ejemplo	description	\
Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja	description	A 27-second sample of the piano version of \
Good Hit	description	A twenty-five second sample of \
Turn Up the Radio	description	22.0
Daughters	description	A 20-second sample of the song
BadBadNotGood	description	A sample of BADBADNOTGOOD's \
Curiosity	description	A 20-second sample of the chorus which features Jepsen singing about being poorly treated by a bad boy, fighting to keep her relationship alive. The synthpop background features heavy dance beats and catchy hooks.
Guardian	description	25.0
Jesus, Friend of Sinners	description	A 27-second audio sample of the song, which rebukes the Christian church for focusing on what it is against rather than what it is for.
Both of Us	description	This sample features the chorus of \
Cat Daddy	description	sample of \
Seirogan	description	The bugle tune used in Taiko's commercials
Dinosaur	description	\
Tekken 3 Original Sound Tracks	description	Composed & Arranged By Nobuyoshi Sano
Wide Awake	description	25.0
Sara Niemietz discography	description	28.0
Sara Niemietz discography	description	Duet with Richard Marx, from Christmas Spirit
Sara Niemietz discography	description	Feat. Sara Niemietz
Te He Querido, Te He Llorado	description	An 30-second sample of the second single \
La Vida es Así	description	21.0
The Spirit Indestructible	description	A 30-second sample of \
Saipan reed warbler	description	Song of a male Saipan reed warbler on Saipan
Imagine Me Alive	description	Short sample of \
PhytoPath	description	The PhytoPath project collects and integrates genome-scale data from important fungal, oomycete and bacterial plant pathogens with literature-curated information on mutant phenotypes. Data are displayed using the Ensembl Genomes platform.
Shooting Star	description	Sample of the song \
Gotta Be You	description	25.0
Write Me Back	description	The song is a kiss-off by the narrator to his increasingly uninterested lover. Its chord progression is sampled from Bill Withers' 1977 song \
Goin' In	description	A thirty second sample of \
Elastic Love	description	1980.0
Open Goldberg Variations	description	Performed by Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka
Nikolay Nikiforov	description	recorded April 2013
Home	description	20.0
Lemme See	description	\
Ratu	description	\
Ghetto Baby	description	A 17-second sample of the song's chorus features Cole singing over a hip hop background.
Die in Your Arms	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus features Bieber singing over a hip hop beats, finger snaps, melodic piano chords and a sample of Michael Jackson's \
Uncontrolled	description	The most commercially successful single of the era, \
Uncontrolled	description	The pop song \
Uncontrolled	description	The Shinichi Osawa produced dance track \
Paparazzi	description	A 22-second sample of \
Ciara	description	A 24-second sample of Ciara's \
Coexist	description	\
Coexist	description	\
Believe in the Dream	description	A sample from the song, where Nina is said to \
Nobody Knows Me	description	27
WOW	description	This song is an industrial influenced rock song. A music video was produced for the song, however, it was not released as a single.
Te Quiero	description	A 22-second sample of the live version of \
The 2nd Law	description	A 22-second sample from \
Zoellner Quartet	description	As reproduced by a late Edison diamond disc phonograph.
Salim Ghazi Saeedi	description	track \
Astraea	description	The album's debut single 'Ex Luna Scientia' is an example of how the band uses \
Astraea	description	Astraea's final track 'Illuminare' is seen as an epic closer and has been described as a combination of abrasive industrial guitars, heavenly shoe gaze and verges on post-metal.
Quincy Mumford	description	Excerpt from \
Channel Orange	description	The polyphonic song features faded synths, sweeping strings, and percussion buried in the mix. It is composed as a character sketch of a young parent, who sings his infant daughter to sleep.
Channel Orange	description	The confessional song incorporates gospel and baroque pop styles, and string dynamics corresponding to Ocean's vocal intonation. His lyrics touch on the conflict between pleasure and godliness, a common trope in R&B.
Vladimir Medinsky	description	recorded December 2012
Electric Shock	description	A sample of f's \
Fermín María Álvarez	description	recorded by Francisca Pomar de Maristany
Fermín María Álvarez	description	recorded by Enrico Caruso
The Very Best of the O'Jays	description	Popular 1972 hit single by The O'Jays, from the album Back Stabbers
Until It Beats No More	description	A twenty-two second sample of \
Brian Boru's March	description	Performed by the U.S. Marine Band.
Brian Boru's March	description	Performed on piano.
VIXX	description	The single is about a man blurring his reality and dreams to re-experience love
VIXX	description	A somber love song about trying to \
Aunty Disco Project	description	Nazar, from Aunty Disco Project, is the third single released by the band. The music video of the song is directed by Umer Adil, bands' first high budget video, released in 2008. The video was released after a 2-month hiatus and the success of the single led the band to be nominated for the Best Breakthrough Performance award at the MTV Music Awards, in Pakistan. However, the band did not win the award but it was a great achievement as the band got widespread mainstream attention. The music video of the single was also listed in the Top 100 videos of 2008 by The Musik.
Under the Sun	description	21.0
Distance	description	30.0
Liquorice	description	A 19-second sample of \
Summertime Sadness	description	26.0
Blow Me	description	A sample of \
One More Night	description	Music critics praised the reggae-inspired composition and Levine's confident vocals on the song.
Caliente	description	Inna confessed at different interviews and occasions that she wrote \
National Anthem	description	A 22-second sample of the song's chorus, features Del Rey incorporating a Jessica Rabbit persona over a \
Made in America	description	A sample of the track containing the closing lines of Ocean's hook and the start of West's verse, discussing his mother and fame.
Dmitry Livanov	description	recorded June 2013
Symphonic Songs for Band	description	Excerpt from movement 1 of Symphonic Songs for Band, performed by the Eastman Wind Ensemble with Frederick Fennell
Pyramids	description	28
Run the World	description	A twenty-three second sample of \
National symbols of Albania	description	Albanian national anthem
Prelude in E minor, Op. 11, No. 4	description	Played on Bösendorfer 290
Get It Started	description	A 21-second sample of \
24 Preludes, Op. 11	description	Played on Bösendorfer 290
24 Preludes, Op. 11	description	Played by Scriabin in 1910 for Welte-Mignon player piano
24 Preludes, Op. 11	description	Performed by Axel Lange
24 Preludes, Op. 11	description	Alexander Scriabin plays his Prelude in C major, Op. 11, No. 1 for Welte-Mignon in Moscow, January 1910.
Peligro de Extinción	description	An 18-second sample of \
Oh Love	description	The sample contains a guitar-based melody with repetition of lines
Dive	description	\
Euphoria	description	A 22-second sample of the chorus of \
New Day	description	A 14-second sample of \
Lost in the Echo	description	36.0
Castle of Glass	description	35.0
Sins of My Father	description	A sample of \
Do It like a Dude	description	A 19-second sample of \
Lucky Strike	description	A sample of \
Sad	description	\
Hands All Over	description	A sample of \
Good Fortune	description	The song drew comparisons to Patti Smith and Chrissie Hynde.
Daniel Savio	description	For the song \
Down by the Water	description	The song features extensive use of a synthesized organ and features an orchestral ensemble.
Can't Stop Won't Stop	description	A sample of \
Power & Control	description	A sample of \
Powerless	description	59.0
Jessica Lange filmography	description	In addition to acting, Lange has also contributed to the OST of Grey Gardens  and two seasons of American Horror Story as a lead vocalist. For the anthology, she recorded among others a cover of Shirley Ellis' The Name Game that brought her first nomination as the TV Musical Performance of the Year for the LGBT-based Dorian Awards.
Ice	description	A 28-second sample of \
Introducing Me	description	A sample of \
Joyful, Joyful	description	\
Uberon	description	Uberon, an integrative multi-species anatomy ontology.
Celebrate	description	29.0
Welcome to Secret Time	description	A 20-second sample of the Korean version of the song, featuring horns, synthesizers and drum instrumentation.
Chief Keef	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus to \
Wings	description	A 22-second sample of the song in which the snare drum is omitted on the pre-chorus before returning on the chorus; its exclusion provides a softer-edged sound on the pre-chorus.
Sweet Life	description	19.0
Blown Away	description	21.0
Let Yourself Go	description	17.0
Kill the DJ	description	The sample contains a guitar-based, dance-punk melody with repetition of lines which was described to be \
Rachie	description	\
Triumphant	description	A sample of the song's chorus, followed by Ross' rap intro. Instrumentally, \
Triumphant	description	A sample of the song's dance/club remix; its built around a \
Kill Kill	description	\
C'est la vie	description	Sample from the Marc Anthony's cover
European Nucleotide Archive	description	Comprehensive archive of nucleotide sequences, annotations and associated data.
Angels	description	Croft's hushed expressions of devotion are complemented by a low rumble, sparse drums, and simple guitar lines.
I Love It	description	The song's chorus features all three singers shouting \
I Love It	description	The original version of the song before its composition was reworked.
Kaleidoscope Dream	description	The ballad about sexual vulnerability features shoegaze guitars, oscillating beats, and echo-laden pleas to a lover.
Pala Velho	description	from the album \
Spirit Indestructible	description	25.0
I'm Right Here	description	The midtempo track features an inspired fusion of Rene's hip-hop and soul-pop flavor, while telling the redemptive story of \
Call My Name	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus features Cole singing over a dance background which borrows similarities to Rihanna's \
Wedding Day at Troldhaugen	description	Recorded 1903
Kiss	description	A 19-second sample of the chorus which features Jepsen singing about hoping for a call back from a crush. The dance-pop background incorporates synthesized string chords, and elements from disco.
The Narrative	description	\
The Narrative	description	\
In Search of La Che	description	Extract from the song 'Free Now' written and performed by Paul Massie for the film's credits.
No Me Compares	description	First chorus of the music .
Try	description	A sample of \
Crazy Sexy Wild	description	\
Lemonade	description	A sample of \
Feel Again	description	18.0
Sweet Nothing	description	A 22-second sample of \
We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together	description	A 27-second sample of the chorus of Taylor Swift's \
Human Protein Atlas	description	The Human Protein Atlas portal is a publicly available database with millions of high-resolution images showing the spatial distribution of proteins in 44 different normal human tissues and 20 different cancer types, as well as 46 different human cell lines.
Laborintus II	description	A sample of Patton's narration over the free-form orchestral composition
Independent	description	The preceding single \
Independent	description	The lead track \
Lola Soledad	description	First chorus of the music.
Theatre music	description	A chorus from the 1967 musical Hair.
Rhythm Killers	description	The title track features descending strings and downtown-style saxophone by Henry Threadgill.
Trouble	description	A 21-second sample of \
Election Special	description	The character-driven song is told from the perspective of Charles G. Koch as he joins his brother Dave to make a deal with the Devil, who promises to eventually \
Election Special	description	The anthemic blues rock song calls for the United States Constitution and Bill of Rights to be returned to the essence of mainstream American life.
Your Body	description	A 21-second sample of \
2004 Ai	description	Billed as Ai's first \
2004 Ai	description	The upbeat R&B track \
Radioactive	description	\
Anna Sun	description	A 31-second sample of \
Hell of a Life	description	A sample of West talking about \
Mic-a-holic Ai	description	365.0
Mic-a-holic Ai	description	The ballad \
Push and Shove	description	30
Cariño	description	A twenty-four second sample of the chorus for \
Si Tú Me Besas	description	25.0
What's Goin' On Ai	description	The first single from the album was a soulful ballad.
What's Goin' On Ai	description	The preceding single was an up-beat dance single about world issues.
KIG86	description	Listen to KIG86's weather radio programming.  Note: not a live feed.  This is a recording from 2007.
Poison	description	A 25-second sample of the song. Secret sings the chorus and hook of the song featuring repeating saxophone segments, synthesizers and drum instrumentation.
Lotus	description	\
Lotus	description	\
Ranjit Makkuni	description	2000
Ranjit Makkuni	description	2003
Ranjit Makkuni	description	2012
Ronan	description	A twenty-seven second sample of the chorus of Taylor Swift's \
Don't Stop Ai	description	The first digital single released from the album was an upbeat pop-R&B tune.
Don't Stop Ai	description	The midtempo track \
Don't Stop Ai	description	Released six months after the album, \
Matangi	description	\
This Kiss	description	A 19-second sample of the chorus which features Jepsen singing about an irresistible kiss from her lover.
Tonight I'm Getting Over You	description	A 19-second sample of the chorus, where the instrumentation incorporates a LMFAO-style beat and we hear Jepsen repetitively chanting, \
Viva Ai	description	Ai sung a duet with Atsushi Sato from Exile in 2008. The song was released in two versions, with the Ai version serving as a single for the album.
Viva Ai	description	The vocal edition of Joe Hisaishi's orechestral theme song to Departures was one of the album's singles.
Viva Ai	description	An uptempo R&B song with a four on the floor rhythm pattern, \
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up	description	A sample of \
Turning Tables	description	A sample of \
Black & Blue	description	A 22-second sample of \
Silvia	description	A 30-second sample of \
Unapologetic	description	A 25-second sample of \
Unapologetic	description	A 25-second sample of the chorus of \
Unapologetic	description	A 24-second sample of Rihanna's \
In the Zone	description	An 24-second sample of the lead single from the album, \
Broke with Expensive Taste	description	The hip house and industrial song \
Todd La Torre	description	Sample of \
52-hertz whale	description	The signal was recorded in the northeast Pacific. It has been sped up ten times, raising the pitch to 520 Hz.
Inndia	description	The song composed by native trio Play & Win speaks about a sensual female named Inndia.
Se Vende	description	19.0
Until the Quiet Comes	description	28
Diamonds	description	1980.0
Ride	description	\
Joey Badass	description	25
Begin Again	description	23.0
Cola	description	The controversial \
Locked Out of Heaven	description	23.0
The Sinking of the Titanic	description	Sample of 1975 recording of The Sinking of the Titanic by Gavin Bryars.
Paradise	description	\
Paradise	description	1950.0
Skyfall	description	A 28-second sample of \
Troublemaker	description	18.0
Die Young	description	Ke$ha sings over an acoustic guitar and synthesized beat during this sample of the song \
Volví a Nacer	description	22.0
Losing You	description	Knowles stated that the song was influenced by African percussion.
Greatest Hits – Chapter One	description	The uptempo chorus of \
Catch My Breath	description	A 24-second sample of the chorus of \
I Knew You Were Trouble	description	22.0
DNA	description	24.0
Stray Heart	description	The sample of their single from Dos.
The Wave	description	A 22-second sample of \
Apocalyptour	description	An example of a medley of songs from different StarKid productions. Here, \
Rayhon	description	Sample of \
X-Kid	description	A sample of \
Lotus Intro	description	19.0
Red Hot Kinda Love	description	22.0
Something New	description	20.0
Insects in culture	description	Flight of the Bumblebee performed by the US Army Band
Imaginary Johnny	description	Sample of the track \
Hurricane	description	24.0
NOC	description	Recorded using equipment described in Ridgway et al.
Belle	description	\
Selim Sırrı Tarcan	description	Instrumental
Dig	description	Sample of the track To Be Excused
True	description	Knowles stated that the song was influenced by African percussion.
Hypnotico	description	-80.0
Don't Rush	description	The 25-second chorus of \
God Help the Outcasts	description	Midler's version of the song, featuring modified lyrics.
God Help the Outcasts	description	The song was reinterpreted as a duet for the 1999 stage musical adaption Der Glöckner von Notre Dame. This version is performed by Judy Weiss  and Drew Sarich .
Cuéntale	description	18.0
Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom	description	30.0
Nuestro Amor Será Leyenda	description	24.0
Libertad	description	21.0
Nobody's Business	description	A 25-second sample of \
Jump	description	A sample of \
 Mother Mary	description	80.0
 Mother Mary	description	The heavy synths which are present on \
No Love Allowed	description	A 25-second sample of the chorus of \
Stay	description	24.0
Just Give Me a Reason	description	A 24-second sample of Pink's \
Let There Be Love	description	19.0
Around the World	description	19.0
Blank Page	description	23.0
Circles	description	20.0
Just a Fool	description	25.0
Finally Rich	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus to \
Sentimientos	description	24.0
Colocalization Benchmark Source	description	Free source of benchmark images to validate colocalization in fluorescence microscopy studies
Feelin' Single	description	The song is a kiss-off by the narrator to his increasingly uninterested lover. Its chord progression is sampled from Bill Withers' 1977 song \
Glass Swords	description	\
Beautiful 'Cause You Love Me	description	A 21-second sample of \
A Little Bit Longer	description	20.0
Goldenheart	description	The song's electronic beat exhibits several shifts in key and time signature. Its slightly staggered handclaps typify the music's rhythmic, second line influence.
Two Black Cadillacs	description	30.0
Love Sosa	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus to \
Takumbo	description	A Takumbo with its center plate struck
Kolitong	description	The sound of all six Kolitong strings.
Gabbang	description	Gabbang sound sample. Each bar in the Gabbang was played.
Diwas	description	Diwas sound sample. Each pipe in the Diwas was played.
Young Girls	description	21.0
Dogs Eating Dogs	description	\
Amsterdam	description	\
Feel This Moment	description	A 22-second sample of \
St Lawrence's Church, West Wycombe	description	Remembrance Sunday 2012
Woman's World	description	A dance-pop song, \
Change Your Life	description	20.0
En Que Fallamos	description	A 30-second sample of the remix version of \
The Lucky Ones	description	30.0
Si Tu No Existieras	description	A 27-second sample of \
All My People	description	A 16-second sample of the song, portraying Maniacs' low-pitched and distorted voice in the refrain, which was praised by critics.
Crayon Pop	description	A sample of the song's chorus
Everything Has Changed	description	A 24-second sample of \
Moonshine	description	A 21-second sample of \
DcGO	description	The dcGO database is a comprehensive domain-centric ontology resource for protein domains.
When I Was Your Man	description	20.0
Menor Que Yo	description	An 18-second sample of the lead single \
Smile	description	Described by MOJO as \
Smile	description	One Smile motif, a simple rhythmic and melodic theme referred to as \
Smile	description	Brian Wilson attempted countless mixes and arrangements of \
Smile	description	Though it was initially met with fierce disapproval by Brian, a later composite version of core Smile track \
Cello technique	description	A perpetuum mobile by David Popper, consisting of continuous spiccato, performed by Hans Goldstein  and Mellicia Straaf
Hasrate Parvaz	description	A 29-second preview of Ebi's \
Graffiti on the Train	description	\
Graffiti on the Train	description	Jakki Healy provided additional vocals for \
Ich steh mit einem Fuß im Grabe, BWV 156	description	Arranged for violin and piano, featuring Carrie Rehkopf
Meine Seele rühmt und preist, BWV 189	description	Sung by Max Meili; conducted by Curt Sachs; L'anthologie sonore No. 23
Joyas Prestadas	description	24.0
Khandana Bhava–Bandhana	description	Dedicated to Sri Ramakrishna
Alastair Culham	description	recorded October 2013
I Got a Boy	description	Sample of \
Infestissumam	description	Sample of \
I Got a Boy	description	A sample of \
Let It Flow	description	Toni Braxton's \
Songs of the First World War	description	The \
PreGomesh	description	One of Sirusho's biggest hits.
Now That the Buffalo's Gone	description	A sample of Buffy Sainte-Marie's \
Trailerhead	description	listen to a clip from \
Bleeding Out	description	\
Alex, Jorge y Lena	description	A sample of \
20 Experience	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus to \
20 Experience	description	29.0
All Gold Everything	description	A sample of \
Suit & Tie	description	Sample of Suit and Tie.
Ten Freedom Summers	description	In the piece, the strings, harp, and quartet enter gradually and swirl into cacophony in a fuguelike section.
Same Love	description	Sample of \
Electricity	description	While Safe as Milk mostly conveyed a blues–rock sound, songs such as \
Kimse Yok Mu%3F	description	A 30-second sample of Emina Jahović's \
On Top of the World	description	\
Audi R10 TDI	description	Audi R10 TDI at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
YOLO	description	The sarcastic lyrics of \
Leavin'	description	A 30-second sample of the song
Yung Rapunxel	description	A 22-second sample of \
Don't Look Back	description	Upon its release, the third single \
Capella Cracoviensis	description	Music sample from the CC stage performance
Rossy	description	Rossy's music is a fusion of Malagasy rhythms, vocal styles and instruments distinguished by the inclusion of the hira gasy brass section.
Los 12 Discípulos	description	30.0
If I Lose Myself	description	24.0
Strawberry Bubblegum	description	A 30-second sample of \
Tunnel Vision	description	A 30-second sample of \
Mirrors	description	29.0
3.0	description	Sample from the first single \
Here's to Never Growing Up	description	22.0
Rocks and Honey	description	A 20-second sample of \
Rocks and Honey	description	A 20-second sample of \
Muara Hati	description	A 23-second sample of \
Almost Home	description	A 23-second sample of \
More than Friends	description	Inna's \
Pusher Love Girl	description	A 30-second sample of the spoken-word outro to \
Pusher Love Girl	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus to \
The Bristles	description	The Bristles \
The Bristles	description	The Bristles \
The Bristles	description	7.0
Kraków Philharmonic Orchestra	description	Music sample from stage performance by Kraków Philharmonic Orchestra
Heart Attack	description	A sample of \
Harlem Shake	description	A 19-second sample of the song
Go Missin'	description	The chorus of \
People Like Us	description	The 30-second chorus of \
It's a Beautiful Day	description	A 19-second sample of \
SaypU	description	schwa
Aleksander Serov	description	Sample of \
To Be Loved	description	A sample of \
To Be Loved	description	A sample of \
Louisa Young	description	recorded October 2013
Up in the Air	description	A 25-second sample of \
Body Party	description	24.0
A Love Surreal	description	The album's chilling torch song showcases Bilal's jazz-informed singing.
We Are the World	description	Sample of \
We Are the World	description	Sample of \
Neven	description	\
Neven	description	The leading track, \
Soosan Firooz	description	A sample of Firooz's \
Far Side Virtual	description	1990.0
Work	description	A 15-second sample of the snap, trap refrain in \
Closer	description	The song introduces a change in dynamics during the chorus.
Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams	description	All four of the introductions, as heard in Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams.
What Now	description	A 24-second sample of the pop and R&B ballad \
Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe	description	A 20-second sample of \
Fall Down	description	A 30-second sample of \
Rain in England	description	\
How Ya Doin'%3F	description	19.0
Amor Puro	description	A 26-second sample of the album's second single, \
Ubu	description	\
Ubu	description	The second single, \
City Girl	description	\
The Way	description	A 22-second sample of \
Already There	description	A 27-second audio sample of \
Pom Poms	description	19.0
Carpenter fish	description	Actually a pair of sperm whales foraging.
Guide to Pharmacology	description	An online, open-access portal to pharmacological information on all the human targets of prescription drugs
Wedding Bells	description	23.0
Come & Get It	description	A sample of opening to \
International Mouse Phenotyping Consortium	description	Encyclopaedia of phenotypes from knockout mice.
International Mouse Phenotyping Consortium	description	Standardized protocols for phenotyping mutant mouse strains.
Bindudham	description	51.0
What Wondrous Love Is This	description	What Wondrous Love Is This, as performed by Joshua Messick.  There is a twelve-second introduction before the first verse of the hymn begins.
Paint the Sky	description	Bill Binkelman of Wind and Wire describes this song as \
Paint the Sky	description	Binkelman opines that \
Paint the Sky	description	Lush strings and gorgeous new age synths kick off \
O Dia que Durou 21 Anos	description	--03-31
The Great Gatsby: Music from Baz Luhrmann's Film	description	30.0
Blurred Lines	description	A sample of \
Young and Beautiful	description	30.0
Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded	description	A sample of \
Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded	description	\
Batman: Arkham Origins	description	Drake was inspired by the 1988 action film Die Hard, using sleigh bells for punctuation.
Alex Blanc	description	Audio sample from the album The Nobodys: No Guarantees
Songs of Experience	description	According to AllMusic's Thom Jurek, the song evokes themes of \
Save You	description	\
Why Don't You Try	description	A 27-second sample of the chorus of \
Einstein	description	A 28-second sample of the chorus and second verse of \
MediEvil	description	30.0
Gran Omar	description	A 24-second sample of \
Gran Omar	description	A 21-second sample of \
Substereo	description	\
Confusion	description	A 30-second sample of the bridge during the song's instrumental half
Get Lucky	description	\
Slim Burna	description	Slim Burna's \
Slim Burna	description	A 30-second audio sample of Slim Burna singing \
Vaiavy Chila	description	Salegy as performed by Vaiavy Chila
Jarifa	description	Tsapika as performed by Jarifa
Andrianary Ratianarivo	description	Theatrical Malagasy piano style was based on valiha technique.
I'm on Fire	description	\
I'm on Fire	description	\
Mahaleo	description	Mahaleo performing Hay Hay at the Olympia in 2007
Mahaleo	description	Mahaleo performing Somambisamby in 2007
Ain't It Fun	description	A portion of \
In This Skin: Collector's Edition	description	A 24-second sample of \
Oceans	description	In this 25-second sample of \
Rabaza	description	Mangaliba as performed by Rabaza, featuring the kabosy
Can She Excuse My Wrongs	description	Short extract of a recording by Kai Wessel from the collection Un Soir À La Cour - Lute Songs.
Brave	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus features Bareilles encouraging her friend to \
Live It Up	description	A 25-second sample of the song's final chorus and breakdown. The chorus contains inspirational lyrics about \
So Damn Beautiful	description	Poloroid's biggest chart hit was described as \
El Noi de la Mare	description	Catalan folk Christmas song .
Oladad	description	Malagasy group Oladad blends hip-hop and traditional Betsileo influences, including kabosy and horija.
Feo-Gasy	description	Sodina performance by Rakoto Frah in a song dedicated to him by group Feo Gasy
Human Olfactory Data Explorer	description	HORDE is a database of information about Olfactory Receptors
Michael J. Kennedy	description	Kennedy plays a jig on his melodeon.
Talk About S	description	A 26-second sample of the song's chorus, with electric guitar elements. The song was described as \
Talk About S	description	A 22-second sample of the chorus of \
Beautiful	description	A 20-second sample of \
Optimo	description	The songs combine chants with energetic basslines.
Bounce	description	A 15-second sample of the song's uptempo refrain in which Azalea raps, \
Wolfenstein: The New Order	description	\
Bachata Romántica: 1's	description	A 21-second sample of the pop-bachata \
Stars Dance	description	A sample of \
Stars Dance	description	A sample of \
Doin' It Right	description	\
Hoy Tengo Ganas de Ti	description	27.0
B4.Da.$$	description	29
B4.Da.$$	description	26
Give Life Back to Music	description	\
Lose Yourself to Dance	description	\
Bonshō	description	Sound of the bell in Chomei Temple, Ōmihachiman
Trial of George Zimmerman	description	--02-26
Treasure	description	14.0
Bachata Number 1's, Vol. 2	description	A 24-second sample of Aventura's R&B and bachata fusion \
Bachata Number 1's, Vol. 2	description	A 30-second sample of the eldest track on the album \
We Can't Stop	description	A 16-second sample of \
Indestructible Record Company	description	An example of an Indestructible Record recording from 1908 with Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar.
All Souls' Church, Cameron Highlands	description	Artistes: Joni Mitchell  and Randy Newman .
Gaúcho	description	Choro  \
Keyboard amplifier	description	A medley played on a 1935 Model A Hammond organ through a Leslie speaker.
Keyboard amplifier	description	A simple chord sequence played on a Hammond organ through a Leslie speaker.
The Doubleclicks	description	A short sample of \
The Doubleclicks	description	A short sample of \
Slow Down	description	An 18-second sample of the song's pre-chorus features Gomez singing over a \
Kenyan English	description	This brief news report done on the Ligi Ndogo S.C. Academy provides good examples of the various phonological distinctions outlined in this section between Kenyan English and English spoken in other regions.
Eddie Dee	description	30.0
Mykola Koval	description	--05-15
Wizkid	description	A 15-second sample of \
Gorilla	description	22.0
Flatline	description	A 19-second audio sample of \
I vespri siciliani	description	By Antonio Pasculli; performed by Alex Klein, oboe, and Lisa Bergman, piano
Kameko Tarnez	description	\
Kameko Tarnez	description	Promo for Evalt Music Festival
Love & Mercy	description	The film's ambient score recycles original Beach Boys' tape stems into a new composition. This excerpt features vocals taken from the Pet Sounds track \
Shovel Knight	description	The music in Shovel Knight is written to use the VRC6 sound chip, which adds three additional audio channels to the NES.
Sakanaction	description	Critics from CDJournal believed that \
Sakanaction	description	Critics were impressed by the tech house arrangement of \
First Time	description	21.0
Tuya Soy	description	A 16-second sample of the fifth single from the album, \
Cold Case Love	description	A sample of \
Phenol-Explorer	description	Food polyphenol database
Chika Ideal	description	An 18-second sample of the lead single from the album, \
Dile	description	A 21-second sample of \
Denpa song	description	Excerpt from \
Denpa song	description	Excerpt from \
Lock and Key	description	The song's chorus and second verse.
Yevgeny Roizman	description	recorded April 2013
Closer to the Truth	description	A dance-pop song, \
The Love Club EP	description	A 21-second sample of \
Drill	description	Chief Keef's \
Feast Eternal	description	\
SM the Ballad	description	A sample of Taeyeon & Jonghyun - \
Made in the USA	description	An 18-second sample of \
City of Angels	description	A 30-second sample of \
Child	description	Brian Wilson's \
Slave to the System	description	Sample of \
Royals	description	19.0
Cant de la Senyera	description	Cant de la Senyera of Lluís Millet recorded in a phonograph cylinder during a play of the Orfeó Català between 1898 and 1918. This copy is from the National Library of Catalonia.
The New Classic	description	A sample of \
The New Classic	description	A sample of \
Angel	description	30.0
The Blackest Beautiful	description	Track five, 'That Fear Fever' was described as combining \
The Blackest Beautiful	description	The single 'Younger', the album's seventh track, highlight letlive's \
Morrissey	description	\
Bachata Number 1's	description	18.0
Take Back the Night	description	A 30-second sample of \
Trouble	description	\
Trouble	description	Written by Kills and Bhasker, \
Charles W. Clark	description	\
Charles W. Clark	description	The 1913 recording by Clark of Charles Gounod's \
Charles W. Clark	description	A 1913 performance of \
Charles W. Clark	description	The 1914 recording by Clark of \
Charles W. Clark	description	A 1915 recording by Clark of \
Charles W. Clark	description	\
25 Luglio	description	--07-25
Dragon Ball Z	description	Sample of \
Experimental pop	description	Joe Meek's 1960 EP I Hear a New World is described by the online publication Fact as an \
Baby I	description	A 19-second sample of \
Cthulhu Rise	description	A 30-second sample of Opus 28 track
PANTHER	description	The PANTHER database classifies gene products into families
Applause	description	A 21-second sample of \
Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High%3F	description	20.0
Iyanya	description	A sample of \
The Way She Moves	description	A 24-second sample of the lead single from the album, \
Maria Newman	description	Performed by John Michel
Roar	description	23.0
Right There	description	A 24-second sample of \
Bangerz	description	A sample of \
Bangerz	description	A sample of \
Atlas	description	\
Tennis Court	description	A sample of \
Galaxy Supernova	description	\
Do or Die	description	A portion of \
Pure Heroine	description	The song is synth- and percussion-based with Lorde's vocal ranges one octave in the key of G, from a third to a fourth octave.
Borealis	description	A clip from a track on Fall From Grace illustrates Borealis's style of play.
Gimme What I Don't Know	description	A 30-second sample of the chorus to \
Cabaret	description	A twenty-seven second sample of \
Drink You Away	description	A sample of \
K-Mil	description	18.0
Valerie Morales	description	24.0
Te Exitaré	description	24.0
Almost Is Never Enough	description	A 29-second sample of \
Wrapped in Red	description	The Wall of Sound is prominently resonated in this 27-second sample of \
Underneath the Tree	description	A 24-second sample of \
Conquistador	description	A 20-second sample of \
Phaneroptera falcata	description	26.0
Wrecking Ball	description	A 22-second sample of \
Walking on Air	description	19.0
IBM	description	Thomas J. Watson, who led IBM from 1914 to 1956, discussing the company's motto \
Mi Santa	description	21.0
XO	description	Beyoncé uses \
Be My Lover	description	Inna's \
The Beautiful People	description	The entrance theme of The Beautiful People.
Let Down	description	39.0
Antiquus	description	A clip from the first track on In the Land of the Blind illustrates Antiquus's style of play.
By the Grace of God	description	22.0
Legendary Lovers	description	A 19-second sample of \
The Legacy of Bhikhari Thakur	description	A 1.45-second sample of \
Work Bitch	description	A 24-second sample of the song, where Spears sings over an EDM-influenced strong club beat. Critics noted that it \
Change Your Life	description	A 21-second sample of \
Futurology	description	\
Travolta	description	Sample from Mr. Bungle's \
A Light That Never Comes	description	48.0
Team	description	A mid-tempo song, \
23	description	23.0
Beast	description	\
Beast	description	\
The Music of Grand Theft Auto V	description	\
Doreen Lawrence	description	--06-10
Do What U Want	description	A 22-second sample of \
We Remain	description	A 25-second sample of \
Elastic Heart	description	\
Molly Stevens	description	--11-15
Santa Maria	description	The start of \
Jasmine Thompson	description	A sample in which her \
Liham at Lihim	description	41
Bangladesh Fisheries Information Share Home	description	A large and extensively accessed biological database about fishes of Bangladesh
Rise and Fall	description	Excerpt of Halperin's single \
Dope	description	22.0
Adore You	description	A 20-second sample of \
Adore You	description	A 21-second sample of the remix of \
Toni Willé	description	I'll Be Your Woman\
Toni Willé	description	\
Toni Willé	description	\
Rap God	description	15.0
Thankyou Whoever You Are	description	A sample of the chorus section of \
Thankyou Whoever You Are	description	A sample of the chorus section of \
A Guy Like You	description	Though praised for being a well-produced catchy Broadway tune in its own right, the song was panned for being tonally jarring to the rest of the dark Gothic film it was placed in. The anachronisms and silly sound effects in the film sequence added to this sentiment.
Headlights	description	A 30-second sample of \
Moving Heroes	description	Moving Heroes - Crazy
Perfume	description	A 21-second sample of the song's chorus features Spears singing over an instrumentation with infused synthesized voices, soaring strings and bubbling synthesizers. Lyrically, the song plays heavily on themes of jealousy and suspicion in a relationship.
Lawrence Shove	description	Shove's 1966 recording of a booming Bittern
GetItRight	description	18.0
Say Something	description	23.0
Leonard Sarason	description	performed by Martha Goldstein
Are You Dreaming%3F	description	Sample of \
Are You Dreaming%3F	description	Sample of \
Take Me Away	description	Sample of \
Is It Love	description	Sample of \
Guitalin	description	Finger picking style
Guitalin	description	Finger picking - hammer on style
Guitalin	description	Lyle Mayfield demonstrating the guitalin, onstage in Washington, DC, 1976.
I Can't Stand It!	description	Sample of \
Buzzcut Season	description	A 24-second sample of \
Glory and Gore	description	The song is a chillwave and hip hop-influenced electropop ballad.
Swingin Party	description	Instrumented by electric guitar, the indie rock and rock and roll song is influenced by jazz, country and new wave music.
Protein Structure Evaluation Suite & Server	description	Protein Structure Evaluation Suite & Server
Werner Theunissen	description	The single 'Mississippi' by Dutch band Pussycat is a country pop song composed by Werner Theunissen
Roei no Uta	description	Original 1938 recording of the Roei no Uta.
Gordon Young	description	--02-12
Happy	description	A 23-second sample of \
There Is a Tavern in the Town	description	1934
TargetScan	description	MicroRNAs
Beyoncé	description	The demo \
Beyoncé	description	The first part of \
No Angel	description	A brief, 22-second sample of the chillwave song \
Pretty Hurts	description	A 24-second sample of \
Haunted	description	A 26-second sample of the second part of \
Jealous	description	An 18-second sample of the bridge of \
Partition	description	A sample of \
Drunk in Love	description	A trap and R&B song, \
Rocket	description	30.0
Mine	description	A 28-second sample of \
Flawless	description	\
Rude	description	A 22-second sample of \
Adelaide Anne Procter	description	1913
Thrive	description	The title track is a folk pop song, and has been compared to Mumford and Sons and Phillip Phillips.
Thrive	description	\
Thrive	description	Described as being \
Es kommt ein Schiff, geladen	description	Played by the carillon of Saint Martin's Church, Bremen
G.U.Y.	description	23.0
Lungi Dance	description	A sample of \
Ghost on the Dance Floor	description	\
4x4	description	4.0
Prelude and Fugue in C major, BWV 846	description	Gounod's Ave Maria, arranged for piano and cello. Performed by John Michel
Can't Remember to Forget You	description	A 20-second sample of the song featuring Rihanna and Shakira where the chorus of the song \
 Lost Together	description	Track 5 deals with the persecution of whistleblowers, especially in reference to Edward Snowden.
 Lost Together	description	Track 8 opens with a single violin theme and demonstrates \
Ribs	description	25.0
Bravado	description	A chamber pop and electropop song, \
The Love Club	description	19.0
Air Balloon	description	A 21-second sample of \
In Your Eyes	description	\
Shakira	description	A 42-second sample of the song featuring Rihanna and Shakira where the chorus of the song \
Blow	description	1970.0
Formula, Vol. 2	description	17.0
Formula, Vol. 2	description	20.0
Survivor	description	A 21-second sample taken from the track's chorus.
SM the Ballad Vol. 2 – Breath	description	A sample of Taeyeon & Jonghyun - \
Wrapped in Red	description	In this 27-second sample of the song, Clarkson sings of being \
Fancy	description	A 19-second sample of \
Psarades	description	Excerpt from a man from Nivici, Mala Prespa  speaking in the local Lower Prespa dialect of the Macedonian language
2 On	description	A 23-second sample of \
Hello Kitty	description	19.0
Mr.Mr.	description	A 23-second sample of the title track \
A Quiet Night In	description	A recording of Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2. After Gerald turns on a music player at the start of \
Magic	description	\
Girl	description	A sample of \
Girl	description	A sample of \
Yeast Metabolome Database	description	Metabolomics database
VetBact	description	A database containing information about bacteria of interest in veterinary medicine
Sheezus	description	\
Popgenie	description	A community resource for the Populus genome.
I'm Lost Without You	description	“I’m Lost Without You” mixes an industrial loop with piano, and contains an extended outro featuring two dueling drum tracks.
Stockholm Syndrome	description	\
Midnight	description	Sample of \
Come Get It Bae	description	A 20-second sample of \
Mr.Mr.	description	\
Heartbeat	description	17.0
Sexy baby voice	description	Lake Bell demonstrating \
Ghost Stories	description	\
Stay with Me	description	A 17-second sample of \
Music of Port Harcourt	description	\
Guilty All the Same	description	30.0
The Connection	description	Excerpt of \
Marilyn Monroe	description	A 29-second sample of \
Recess	description	A 30-second sample of \
Development of Grand Theft Auto V	description	\
See What You Started by Continuing	description	A 22-second sample of the opening track \
Chandelier	description	A 21-second sample of \
Tove Lo	description	from Queen of the Clouds illustrates Lo's Light lyric soprano range and grunge-indebted sound.
Production of Ben-Hur	description	composed by Miklós Rózsa
Recorder	description	188.0
Hideaway	description	30.0
Tigerdrottningen	description	Sample of \
Robert Adams	description	Robert Adams talking to students at satsang .
Orelsan et Gringe sont les Casseurs Flowters	description	\
Orelsan et Gringe sont les Casseurs Flowters	description	Produced by Vizioz, the album's fifth track \
Orelsan et Gringe sont les Casseurs Flowters	description	\
Herbert Lyle Mayfield	description	The Mayfield Family theme song
Herbert Lyle Mayfield	description	Lyle Mayfield demonstrating the guitalin, onstage in Washington, DC, 1976.
Shades	description	Excerpt of \
Habits	description	20
Habits	description	23
A Sky Full of Stars	description	Sample of \
I Saved Latin! A Tribute to Wes Anderson	description	Excerpt of a cover of \
List of SpongeBob SquarePants cast members	description	Audio sample of the voice of SpongeBob SquarePants from the episode \
Ilya Silchukov	description	Christ is Risen, a Romance by Sergei Rachmaninoff
Trio Vegabajeño	description	17.0
West Coast	description	A 25-second sample of the song, where it shifts downward in tempo between its verse and chorus, in which Del Rey's restrained vocal shifts to a more sweeping, cinematic style.
Experimental factor ontology	description	Ontology
Heartstrings	description	The lead single released from Howling Bells' fourth album, Heartstrings.
Metabolite Set Enrichment Analysis	description	For metabolomic data analysis – specifically for the identification of obvious as well as ‘subtle but coordinated’ changes among a group of related metabolites
Metabolomic Pathway Analysis	description	For metabolomic data analysis – specifically for the identification of enriched or important pathways from multiple different organisms
Resolution by Proxy	description	Calculates structure resolution using coordinate data only
Black Widow	description	A sample of the song's chorus introduced with Ora singing the lyrics \
It's Only Love	description	An audio sample from \
I Blame Myself	description	A sample of \
BASys	description	For automated bacterial genome annotation and chromosomal map generation
Probabilistic Approach for Protein NMR Assignment Validation	description	For protein chemical shift re-referencing
1000 Forms of Fear	description	\
Electrowavez	description	Ayahuasca from Za3tar Album
Progressive pop	description	Paul Willis names \
Progressive pop	description	\
Progressive pop	description	Supertramp's \
BacMap	description	A database of annotated bacterial genomes and their chromosome/genome maps
PREDITOR	description	For automated torsion angle prediction from chemical shifts
KiSAO	description	An ontology providing support in unambiguously referring to simulation algorithms when describing a simulation experiment.
Take Me to Church	description	A 22-second sample of \
La Popola	description	An 18-second sample of Glory's \
First Love	description	A 19-second sample of \
Iranian jazz	description	A sample of the song Man Mast o To Divāne by Rana Farhan.
Network of Cancer Genes	description	A web resource on systems-level properties of cancer genes
Heart's All Gone	description	The song is one of the fastest the group has ever recorded.
Folkyo	description	Excerpt of \
Barrel Brothers	description	\
Problem	description	A 19-second sample of \
FooDB	description	A database of detailed food component with information on the known health effects
CyberCell	description	A database providing quantitative genomic, proteomic, and metabolomic data of E. coli.
Until It's Gone	description	\
MetaboMiner	description	For automatically or semi-automatically identifying metabolites in complex biofluids from 2D NMR spectra
Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve Explorer and Tester	description	Receiver operating characteristic curve testing of metabolomics clustering
Symbolism in the French Revolution	description	The French national anthem La Marseillaise; text in French.
E. Coli Metabolome Database	description	E. coli metabolite structures, metabolite descriptions, metabolite reactions, metabolite enzymes and transporters, E. coli enzyme and transporter sequences, chemical properties, nomenclature, synonyms, chemical taxonomy, metabolite NMR spectra, metabolite GC-MS spectra, metabolite LC-MS spectra
Volume Area Dihedral Angle Reporter	description	Structure Validation Server
ShiftX	description	Protein chemical shift calculation server
Ashita, Haru ga Kitara	description	A 26-second sample of the song illustrating its production and the lyrics which see a girl recollect the memories with her high school lover, and uses references to baseball such as \
Marunouchi Sadistic	description	Ringo Sheena mentions many places on the Marunouchi Line and guitar paraphernalia in the song. This wordplay was praised by critics.
12 Discípulos	description	An 18-second sample of Daddy Yankee's \
Shades of Cool	description	30.0
Ultraviolence	description	A sample of the chorus on the rock ballad \
Al Hurricane	description	A sample of one of Al Hurricane's early instrumental songs. The track has the country/western, latin, rock and roll, rockabilly, surf rock sound that was later incorporated into his musical style.
Al Hurricane	description	A sample of Al Hurricane's first hit single.
À chaque jour suffit sa peine	description	Isleym's remix of the song incorporates more R&B than Nessbeal's original version, although essentially the message of the song remains the same.
Red-shouldered hawk	description	Woodbridge, Connecticut, April 2002. By Tony Phillips.
CollecTF	description	database of experimentally validated TF-binding sites
Voodoo	description	VIXX's \
Pills n Potions	description	A 26-second sample of \
Booty	description	21.0
Psilodump	description	A sample of \
Psilodump	description	A sample of \
No Better	description	17.0
Say Yes	description	A 24-second excerpt from the chorus of \
Someone Else	description	A 30-second sample of \
Proteome Analyst	description	For predicting protein subcellular localizations
CGView	description	For visualizing circular genomes
SuperPose	description	For protein structure superposition
METAGENassist	description	For comparative metagenomic studies
West Coast Poplock	description	2
West Coast Poplock	description	The West Coast Poplock song was written by Larry Troutman, Roger Troutman, Ronnie Hudson and Mikel Hooks in 1982, before its sample in California Love song.
Something There	description	Sample of \
Marcus Nand	description	Excerpt of the track \
Medal of Honor: Warfighter	description	35.0
Chasing a Feeling	description	17.0
Ailing Dojčin	description	Initial part of the poem, sung to the accompaniment of the gusle
Maps	description	A 19-second sample of \
Cola Song	description	\
Wolfenstein: The New Order Original Game Soundtrack	description	\
WormBase	description	WormBase: a comprehensive resource for nematode research.
Boom Clap	description	A 16-second sample of \
Galau	description	A 28-second sample of \
Aria variata alla maniera italiana	description	Performed on a piano by Brendan Kinsella. Courtesy of Musopen
Mamamoo	description	A sample of Mamamoo's track \
Hozier	description	A sample of \
Zico	description	A sample of Zico's \
Zico	description	A sample of Zico's collaborative digital single with Ugly Duck and Crush.
Break Free	description	A 22-second sample of the song, featuring Grande singing over an electronic beat, a musical departure from her previous singles.
Lebih Indah	description	A 22-second sample of \
Don't Tell 'Em	description	\
Como Mujer	description	21.0
Nicole Kidman discography	description	In 2001, Kidman released her music debut, a duet with Ewan McGregor, remixed by Josh G Abrahams.
Thinking Out Loud	description	A 28-second sample of \
OSCA	description	The song's structural changes, and the modulation in Sheena's vocals were praised by critics.
Impossible Is Nothing	description	A 19-second sample of \
Sunrise, Sunset	description	From \
Hazaar Aankhaa Yee Aankhaamaa	description	a song in a lyrics form this book
National symbols of Montenegro	description	National anthem of Montenegro
Aquarius	description	A 23-second sample of \
J Boog	description	Excerpt of \
Backyard Boogie	description	Excerpt of \
Samuel Siegel	description	A 1909 Edison Amberol recording of Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar.
Samuel Siegel	description	A 1918 recording with Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Marie Caveny on ukulele.
Jaga Dia Untukku	description	A 21-second sample of \
PharmGKB	description	The Pharmacogenomics Knowledgebase
Family Bible	description	Nelson's recording of the song on his 1971 album Yesterday's Wine
Bang Bang	description	A 21-second sample of \
Rave Down	description	Sample of \
Upcoming The Narrative second studio album	description	A sample of \
Easy Star Records	description	\
Easy Star Records	description	\
Break Every Chain	description	A 30-second sample of \
Roy Butin	description	A 1909 Edison Amberol recording of Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar.
Roy Butin	description	An example of an Indestructible Record Company recording from 1908 with Samuel Siegel on mandolin and Roy Butin on guitar.
MarcNfinit	description	Produced by MarcNfinit, \
MarcNfinit	description	\
All About That Bass	description	1960.0
Try	description	A 40-second sample of \
Chasing the Sun	description	A 16-second sample of \
Anaconda	description	A 26-second sample of \
Chains	description	20.0
Études-Tableaux, Op. 33	description	Oksana Yevsyukova performing
Études-Tableaux, Op. 33	description	Performed in June 2013 by Olga Borowski
Never Lose That Feeling	description	Sample of \
Amoret Whitaker	description	Recorded January 2013 from the BBC Radio 4 programme The Life Scientific
Steve Cross	description	recorded August 2014
Break the Rules	description	A 20-second sample of \
Syro	description	Several songs on Syro feature edited vocals from members of Richard D James family.
Sucker	description	A sample of \
Sucker	description	A sample of \
California Sound	description	Author Luis Sanchez writes: \
California Sound	description	-1960.0
California Sound	description	The Mamas & the Papas' 1965 single \
Pretend	description	A 23-second sample of \
Nick Jonas	description	A sample of \
Nick Jonas	description	A sample of \
One Woman Army	description	2010.0
Jealous	description	21.0
Jealous	description	A 21-second sample of the remix of \
One Last Time	description	A 19-second sample of \
I Don't Care	description	A 24-second sample of the song's chorus features Cole singing over pop and dance background.
Mind Meld	description	3167.0
Randolph's Leap	description	About the song, The New Vinyl Villain wrote \
Sugar	description	A 23-second sample of \
Centuries	description	A 23-second sample of \
Sophie	description	\
Micah Stampley	description	From \
Songs of Innocence	description	The lyrics for \
Stéphane Lafleur	description	recorded January 2015
Auguste van Biene	description	Zonophone X 47852, with van Biene on cello, circa 1907
Auguste van Biene	description	Zonophone A 60, with van Biene on cello, circa 1908
Kings of Suburbia	description	Love Who Loves You Back shows the band's change from their more pop rock style to a more electronic style, which has also been shown in songs from their \
L.A. Love	description	A sample of \
Love Me Harder	description	A 23-second sample of \
Tonic Breed	description	\
Tonic Breed	description	\
Tonic Breed	description	\
A. G. Cook	description	\
Ese Hombre	description	28.0
Una Vez Mas	description	21.0
Chasing Time	description	A 21-second sample of \
Yellow Flicker Beat	description	\
Bella figlia dell’amore	description	Enrico Caruso, Bessie Abott, Louise Homer and Antonio Scotti, 1907 Victor Records recording
Arrested for Driving While Blind	description	audio clip
Postmodern Jukebox	description	Feat. Sara Niemietz
Piano Sonata in B minor	description	All played by Tjako van Schie
Music of Red Dead Redemption	description	\
Development of Red Dead Redemption	description	\
Control	description	An up-tempo dance track featuring heavy guitar riffs and techno influenced beat.
Nikhil Korula	description	Excerpt of the band's track \
Nikhil Korula	description	Excerpt of the band's track \
The Nikhil Korula Band	description	Excerpt of the band's track \
The Nikhil Korula Band	description	Excerpt of the band's track \
Ryōkiteki na Kiss o Watashi ni Shite	description	Critics noted the mixture of a poppy sound and painful lyrics in the song.
Beg for It	description	An 18-second sample of \
Reclassified	description	A sample of \
Cheerleader	description	The remix of \
Robert Brookins	description	An audio sample of \
Eukaryotic Promoter Database	description	Database of experimentally defined eukaryotic  RNA Polymerase II promoters
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack	description	\
Title	description	Trainor viewed the title track and album's ninth track as \
Title	description	An 18-second sample of the introduction of \
Concerto grosso in D major, Op. 6, No. 4	description	Performed by the Advent Chamber Orchestra
Red Headed Stranger	description	The 1975 version by Nelson was included in the concept album of the same name
Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370	description	Audio recording of the suspect acoustic detection, sped up by a factor of 10 to be discernible.
Only	description	A 29-second sample of \
Gene Disease Database	description	UniProt is the universal protein resource, a central repository of protein data created by combining the Swiss-Prot, TrEMBL and PIR-PSD databases.
Gene Disease Database	description	The Rat Genome Database
Gene Disease Database	description	OMIM is a compendium of human genes and genetic phenotypes.
Gene Disease Database	description	Ensembl
Gene Disease Database	description	Integrates human gene-disease associations
Blank Space	description	A 22-second sample of the chorus of Taylor Swift's \
The Boy Is Mine	description	A sample from the song's chorus, featuring both singer's vocals.
Lips Are Movin	description	An 18-second sample of the introduction of \
The Heart Wants What It Wants	description	A 22-second sample of \
Love Again	description	A 44-second sample of \
Seluruh Cinta	description	A 21-second sample of \
The Pale Emperor	description	\
Tonight	description	\
Uptown Funk	description	A sample of \
The Ketchup Song	description	20.0
Santa Tell Me	description	A 20-second sample of \
Bed of Lies	description	A 27-second sample of \
Ring Off	description	An 18-second sample of \
11	description	11.0
Viathyn	description	A clip from a track on Cynosure illustrates Viathyn's style of play.
Young Doe	description	Excerpt of Young Doe's August 2014 single \
Ferrari F140 engine	description	Ferrari 599 HGTE at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2009
Love Is on Its Way	description	22.0
Dance	description	A 27-seconds sample of the song, showcasing its end. Digital Journal described the vocals that Stan provides for this part as \
Give Me Your Everything	description	20.0
Cupido	description	A 21-second sample of \
Siegfried Meier	description	Excerpt of \
Timeline of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370	description	Audio recording which may be the crash of Flight 370 into the ocean, sped up by a factor of 10 to be discernible.
Euthystira brachyptera	description	22.0
Bedroom Tapes	description	\
Bedroom Tapes	description	Wilson's obsession with the traditional song \
Dear Future Husband	description	An 18-second sample of the chorus of \
Like I'm Gonna Lose You	description	A 22-second sample of \
Prototype	description	\
Whatever, My Love	description	Excerpt of \
I Really Like You	description	1980.0
Rebel Heart	description	A 21-second sample of the opening track \
Living for Love	description	A 21-second sample of the opening track \
Deep Night	description	Performed by Rudy Vallée and his Connecticut Yankees in 1929
Bitch I'm Madonna	description	A 22-second sample of \
25	description	\
25	description	On \
Title	description	A 17-second sample of \
Hannah Diamond	description	Diamond's singing is exaggeratedly innocent and infantilised.
Heartbeat Song	description	According to Audra Mae, Kara DioGuardi came up with the lyric \
GFOTY	description	A cover of \
Shut Up and Dance	description	A 18-second sample of \
Michael Goldwasser	description	\
Michael Goldwasser	description	\
Michael Goldwasser	description	Easy Star cover of \
Piece by Piece	description	One of the album's highlights, the splintered EDM sound of \
Aja	description	The first half of Gadd and Shorter's solos
Aja	description	The passage that ends on the Neapolitan sixth
QT	description	Peter Robinson characterized the song as \
I Bet	description	A 20-second sample of \
Shine	description	A 22-second audio sample of the song. The audio sample shows Stefani chanting the hook \
Robin Adair	description	Sung by Geraldine Farrar, 1908
MetaboLights	description	Metabolomics database
Hold Tight	description	A 21-second sample of \
The Maid of Amsterdam	description	A sample of Paul Clayton's 1954 recording
FourFiveSeconds	description	An 18-second sample of the chorus of \
Development of The Last of Us	description	The development of the sound made by Clickers. The first sound, performed by voice actress Misty Lee, inspired the final sound effect implemented in the game.
Truffle Butter	description	22.0
Music of The Last of Us	description	\
Music of The Last of Us	description	\
Rokelle	description	\
Rokelle	description	\
Fallen Angel	description	An up-tempo electronic dance song featuring elements of techno and trance.
Pheidole pallidula	description	Stridulations from a Pheidole pallidula soldier.
Pheidole pallidula	description	Stridulations from a Pheidole pallidula worker.
Pheidole pallidula	description	Stridulations from a Pheidole pallidula queen.
Caroline Watt	description	Recorded October 2016
Joan Benson	description	By Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach in F sharp minor
Joan Benson	description	By Joseph Haydn in D major, second movement
High Off My Love	description	A 21-second sample of \
Sol Invictus	description	30.0
Kindred	description	Sample of \
Marching for Liberty	description	A brief sample of the last track from the Marching For Liberty album.
Mikazuki Sunset	description	Critics noted the album's strong use of surround sound, such as in the introduction of \
All Hands on Deck	description	A 20-second sample of \
Thomas Welton	description	recorded December 2014
Drop That Kitty	description	A 20-second sample of the song's chorus features Charli XCX singing over a minimal, \
Someone	description	Matthew Koma originally wrote \
Take You High	description	The digitally auto-tuned breakdown of \
Nostalgic	description	80.0
Piece by Piece	description	Clarkson's relationship with her husband serves as an antithesis to that of her estranged father. The complexities between parental bonds, primarily about fatherhood, are explored throughout the song.
Good Goes the Bye	description	Jason Halbert produced \
Catch Me If You Can	description	A sample of the Japanese version of \
Ghosttown	description	A 24-second sample of \
Native Dancer	description	The change from a piano-based song to an electronic dance song in \
Danny L Harle	description	The airy vocals on \
Scar	description	\
Black Smoke	description	A 15-second sample taken from the track's chorus.
To Pimp a Butterfly	description	Lamar's lyrics explore the results of institutional racism.
Mr. Put It Down	description	A 16-second sample of the chorus of \
Til It Happens to You	description	A 24-second sample of the song, where Gaga sings the first chorus, backed by the classical production. The sample also illustrates the emphasis on Gaga's vocals and the key change from E3 to D5.
American Oxygen	description	A 26-second sample of \
Dark Before Dawn	description	--03-20
Dimetrodon	description	Sample of \
Lasers and Feelings	description	A short sample of \
DisGeNET	description	Gene Disease Database
Cupid Carries a Gun	description	30.0
Adam WarRock	description	A short sample of \
Jackie	description	A 20-second sample of \
Ice Princess	description	A 22-second sample of \
Time Crash	description	A short sample of \
FM	description	A sample of the song's chorus
Currents	description	A section of \
Music in Medieval England	description	An Estampie in polyphonic two-handed organ music from the Robertsbridge Codex
Music in Medieval England	description	The Coventry Carol, performed by the U.S. Army Band Chorus.
Rondo in B minor for violin and piano, D 895	description	Performed by Dénes Zsigmondy  and Anneliese Nissen
Marvin Gaye	description	An 18-second sample of the chorus, where the lyrics are \
Up on High Ground	description	30
Kikuuiki	description	Critics praised the synths, melody and beat of \
Kikuuiki	description	The introduction of dub influences in songs such as \
FM Records LLC	description	Produced by FM Records
Thundering Asteroids!	description	A short sample of \
Dragon Ball Super	description	Sample of \
Ennejma Ezzahra	description	recorded April 2015
Chromatic Fantasia and Fugue	description	Digital performance by Kevin MacLeod
The Mephistopheles of Los Angeles	description	30.0
Nich Yaka Misyachna	description	Performed by Anatoliy Dorovskikh
Black Magic	description	A 17-second sample of \
Neerja	description	26.0
We Wanna	description	90.0
Poison	description	A 19-second sample of the chorus in \
Vanilla Chocolat	description	A 26-second sample of the song, showcasing the refrain of the track which was compared to Bollywood music by critics.
Maple Leaf	description	Sample of \
ESG	description	\
Music of L.A. Noire	description	\
Terbaik Bagimu	description	A 25-second sample of \
Wallace	description	A 23-second sample of \
Good for You	description	A 19-second sample of \
Her Story	description	Chris Zabriskie's \
Her Story	description	\
Cool for the Summer	description	A 19-second sample of \
Party	description	A 19-second sample of \
Bop Bop	description	A 28-second of Inna's \
Gone sunny days	description	Sample of \
Margarita	description	Sample of \
Michael Marshall	description	Marsh on the goal of scientific skepticism, describing it as a Sisyphan struggle against pseudoscience.
Casanova	description	Sample of \
Mark Kennedy	description	Drum solo by Kennedy. He later opined \
Mark Kennedy	description	A popular dance track with some elements of disco. \
The Players	description	1970.0
Music from Love & Mercy	description	Ross's reinterpretation of \
National symbols of Bulgaria	description	Bulgarian National Anthem
The Crescents	description	Sound sample, featuring Kel Palace , Col Loughnan , and Mike Downes  .
The Crescents	description	Sound sample, featuring Kel Palace , Col Loughnan , and Alan Roberts .
High by the Beach	description	A 24-second sample of \
Andy Paley sessions	description	Recorded by Wilson–Paley sometime in June 1993.
Andy Paley sessions	description	\
Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...	description	The much-revered collaboration between Raekwon and Nas portrays prophetic and criminal imagery.
Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...	description	The RZA-produced track has an uptempo beat and features a verse by Ghostface Killah, the album's \
It Was Written	description	The song is an account on the impact of drugs on Nas's neighborhood with an interpolation of the Eurythmics' \
It Was Written	description	The song is a first-person narrative by Nas from the perspective of a gun and features a jazz fusion sample.
It Was Written	description	One of Nas's most acclaimed singles, the track samples Whodini's \
Honeymoon	description	A 24-second sample of \
Lion Heart	description	\
Same Old Love	description	A 21-second sample of the opening verse of \
Holy Dance	description	Music critics praised the wordplay and \
Mikraj Cinta	description	A 27-second sample of \
Six Sonatas for Violin and Harpsichord, BWV 1014–1019	description	Performed by Petro Titiajev  and Ivan Ostapovych
Rookie	description	The dance and rock music blend seen in \
Troy Ave	description	25
Ironman	description	The song features crooning vocals by the Delfonics and raw lyricism by Ghostface Killah and Raekwon.
Ready to Die	description	The album's lead single is a rags to riches narrative, with music that samples Mtume's 1982 song \
Suffrage for Americans with Disabilities	description	--07-26
Hands to Myself	description	A 19-second sample of \
Cambodian Rocks	description	Sample of Yol Aularong's \
Cambodian Rocks	description	Sample of Sinn Sisamouth's \
Yol Aularong	description	A sample of \
Yol Aularong	description	A sample of \
Cliché	description	A 16-second sample of the track, a dance-pop song with Eurodance influences in its sound.
Michael Laucke	description	This flamenco rendition uses bass, flute, and several percussion instruments .
Michael Laucke	description	1002.0
Michael Laucke	description	This transcription necessitates intricate fingering to render all the notes of the piano version onto the guitar.
Michael Laucke	description	An example of a new flamenco composition using 24 tracks.
Music of Ni no Kuni	description	\
Undertale	description	\
Women in music	description	From Ordo Virtutum
Owari no Hoshi no Love Song	description	\
Circus Left Town	description	Eric Clapton's \
Endless	description	Music critics praised the musical progression, beginning with a simple piano arrangement and gradually incorporating rock and electronic elements.
Better When I'm Dancin'	description	A 17-second sample of \
Out of Mind	description	A sample of \
Beautiful Isle of Somewhere	description	\
RMBase	description	decoding the landscape of RNA modifications identified from high-throughput sequencing datasets.
Augusto Gentile	description	Recorded in 1931, music by Augusto Gentile, played by the Orquestra Francisco Canaro
Augusto Gentile	description	Performed by Carlos Gardel in 1918
Augusto Gentile	description	Performed by Carlos José Pérez de la Riestra  in 1940
Augusto Gentile	description	Performed in 1923 by Carlos Gardel
Art Angels	description	\
Art Angels	description	\
Art Angels	description	One of the less experimental pop songs on Art Angels, \
Sorry	description	30.0
Cultural impact of the Beach Boys	description	Biographer Jon Stebbins reflected thatt the \
Million Years Ago	description	A 22-second sample of \
River Lea	description	A 22-second sample of \
Remedy	description	Described as \
All I Ask	description	A 27-second sample of \
Send My Love	description	A 22-second sample of \
When We Were Young	description	A 29-second sample of \
Hello	description	A 21-second sample of \
4 Walls	description	The opening track \
Musicianship of Brian Wilson	description	\
Musicianship of Brian Wilson	description	Beginning with Carl Wilson's 12-string guitar and a horn section, \
Musicianship of Brian Wilson	description	--02-24
Musicianship of Brian Wilson	description	Home recording of Wilson performing the basic chord patterns of \
Lafayette M. Hershaw	description	The opening of Booker T. Washington's \
Motohiro Kawashima	description	\
Motohiro Kawashima	description	\
Julius Lenzberg	description	Performed by New York Military Band
Vicente Greco	description	Performed by Francisco Canaro sometime between 1915 and 1924
Vicente Greco	description	Piece by Ernesto Ponzio played by the , Orquesta Típica Criolla led by Vicente Greco, Buenos Aires, 1910
Hasta la Raíz	description	A sample of \
The Devil Beneath My Feet	description	A 30-second sample of \
Hasta la Raíz	description	A sample of the song, written by Lafourcade and Mexican artist Leonel García, which incorporates elements of huapango music.
DJ Montay	description	Flo Rida featuring T-Pain's \
Boys Like You	description	A 19-second sample of \
Love Yourself	description	A 23-second sample of \
Painting With	description	\
Painting With	description	\
Make Me Like You	description	Stefani's voice is heard during the use of \
Sweet Things	description	Sample of \
Boku to Hana	description	The minimalist and \
Kim Junsu	description	Self-composed R&B track from the solo single Xiah, which is sung in Japanese.
Music of Homestuck	description	Iterations of Powell's \
Cayman	description	Cayman S 3.4-litre under acceleration
I Did It, Mama!	description	A 20-second sample, portraying Stan employing her parents to accept her boyfriend in the first strophe. Subsequently, she stands her ground by repeating the phrase \
Water Under the Bridge	description	A 24-second samples of \
Dorfschwalben aus Österreich	description	--07-06
Yoru no Odoriko	description	Critics felt that \
Music	description	Aki Ito of EMTG felt that \
William McKinley presidential campaign, 1896	description	Historic recording of William McKinley. The final 1:08 of this sound file  contains an excerpt from one of his 1896 campaign speeches.
Leavin'	description	Cole's cover of Aretha Franklin's \
Inori	description	Critics were impressed by \
Aoi	description	Critics from CDJournal believed the song's mix of guitar-based rock, dance beat and vocal choir showed off a signature style of the band.
No Time for It	description	A 21-second sample of the song. Music critics noted that Fantasia's vocals were restrained in comparison to her other singles and live performances.
Sweet and Lovely	description	Donald Novis with Gus Arnheim & His Cocoanut Grove Orchestra
Sonatas for viola da gamba and harpsichord	description	Performed by John Michel  with pianist
Orphans no Namida	description	A 25-second sample of \
Music technology	description	This 1860 phonautogram by Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is the earliest known recording of a person singing.
Music technology	description	Phonograph cylinder recording of Siamese  musicians visiting Berlin, Germany in 1900.
No Man's Land	description	A 30-seconds sample of \
Nagareboshi	description	A 25-second sample of \
Mary	description	Sample of the 1931 recording by Ozzie Nelson & his Orchestra
Mary	description	As heard during the ending credits of The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet episode \
Anata ni Smile :)	description	A 22-second sample of \
Kimi wa Melody	description	Excerpt from \
One Strike	description	A 19-second sample of the song featuring All Saints singing and harmonising on its refrain, \
Heavy metal guitar	description	Dive bomb effect, a typical deep pitch bend using a whammy bar; followed by string noise.
PomBase	description	PomBase: a Schizosaccharomyces pombe resource.
Euphorbia	description	This short sample shows the use of short audio samples in addition to a voice track.
Thank You	description	The album's seventh track, \
Almendra	description	One of Spinetta's most enduringly popular compositions, the album opener characterizes a girl using ambiguous adjectives and metaphors. According to Germán Arrascaeta of La Voz del Interior, it \
No	description	A 21-second sample of \
Kau Ilhamku	description	A 30-second sample of the Bahasa Malaysia portion of \
Rare	description	Gwen Stefani singing in vibrato during \
Asking 4 It	description	Stefani introduces Fetty Wap's rap verse in the trap-inspired \
Good-Bye	description	Critics praised the nostalgic sound of \
Eureka	description	Critics praised \
List of organ compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	Chorale prelude : Fugue on the traditional theme of the German Magnificat
List of organ compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	The sheet music for this piece is here.
Masterpiece	description	Masterpiece's style in this period adopting a more progressive guitar riff and a distinct sound of the strings
Masterpiece	description	\
List of orchestral works by Johann Sebastian Bach	description	1920.0
Dangerous Woman	description	A 24-second sample of \
GreeNC	description	plant lncRNA annotation and sequences
Dangerous Woman	description	The song debuted at number ten on the Billboard Hot 100, making Grande the first artist in the history to debut in the top ten with the lead single from each of her first three albums.
Dangerous Woman	description	The song was considered the most unsatisfying collaboration from the album by Pitchfork, for Future repeating the song’s title, making him Dangerous Woman's more minimalist version of Big Sean on \
Die Libelle	description	1889-12-02
Hasu no Hana	description	Tomoyuki Mori praised the song's relaxed tempo, and believed the skills of each member were exemplified in the composition.
Joseph Mitchell	description	Mitchell justifies his welfare reforms at a public appearance in 1961
Sayonara wa Emotion	description	Critics praised \
Flamenco Road	description	This flamenco rendition uses bass, flute, and several percussion instruments .
Flamenco Road	description	An example of a new flamenco composition using 24 tracks.
MutationTaster	description	In silico tool to predict the disease-causing potential of DNA variants
Insects in music	description	Flight of the Bumblebee performed by the US Army Band
Landcruisin'	description	Horns and the sound of a motorbike engine serve as the intro to \
Bored to Death	description	The end of the song's bridge and final chorus.
Page Two	description	The lead-up to the chorus shows the diverse voices of Sana, Tzuyu, Momo, Jeongyeon and Jihyo.
Make Me...	description	24.0
Closer	description	\
Oh My Girl	description	\
Pink Ocean	description	\
BacDive	description	information about bacterial and archaeal strains
Birds in music	description	The choro \
Bless Me Indeed	description	An audio sample of \
California	description	\
Cellosaurus	description	Cellosaurus: a knowledge resource on cell lines
Can't Stop the Feeling!	description	A sample of \
Rotten to the Core	description	23.0
Rotten to the Core	description	21.0
If Only	description	23.0
She's Out of Her Mind	description	The song's chorus, which was re-written numerous times to be as catchy as possible.
Phobia	description	22.0
Wildflower	description	A cover version of the Beatles' \
The Winds of Winter	description	Sample of Light of the Seven
Oboe-bassoon-piano trio	description	Performed by William McColl , Arthur Grossman  and Stanley Chapple
4 Walls	description	\
Hip-Hop Show	description	Dispero - Dose pasa song from the cd/album \
Change	description	A 20-second sample of \
ΠΟΣΟ ΛΥΠΑΜΑΙ	description	Dispero - To pexnidi feat.Hrismo song from the cd/album \
ΠΟΣΟ ΛΥΠΑΜΑΙ	description	Dispero - Agapimeno mou gardoumpi song from the cd/album \
Hari Kemenangan	description	\
ΑΓΑΠΗΜΕΝΟ ΜΟΥ ΓΑΡΔΟΥΜΠΙ	description	Dispero - Mesa sto rithmo song from the cd/single album \
ΤΟΣΑ ΘΑ ΣΟΥ ΠΩ	description	Dispero - Skepsou kala song from the cd/album \
Man vs Woman	description	Dispero - Mariana feat.Mama Dama song from the double cd/album \
Man vs Woman	description	Dispero - Paramenoume treloi feat. Mitsos man song from the double cd/album \
Ta Reggaetika	description	Dispero - Tha piei poli song from the single cd/album \
Call the Police	description	A 17-second sample of \
Persian Gulf Forever	description	this is vandalized part of a copy was preferred to download on the Ganja2music.com, a Persian music website.
Ο Κακός Ο Λύκος	description	Dispero - I am on fyah feat.Dr Klay song from the cd/album \
Let's You Go	description	Dispero - O papas song from the internet album \
AIM	description	\
Rise	description	\
Alberta Food Composition Database	description	Metabolomics database
Va tacito e nascosto	description	Sung by Sarah Connolly, 2005
You & Me	description	30.0
Church cantatas of Bach's third to fifth year in Leipzig	description	In later BWV 1053/1 arrangement
Church cantatas of Bach's third to fifth year in Leipzig	description	In later BWV 1053/2 arrangement
Church cantatas of Bach's third to fifth year in Leipzig	description	In later BWV 1053/3 arrangement
Game of Thrones: Season 1	description	Sample of \
New York Girls	description	A sample of Alan Mills' 1957 recording
Alfredo Rossi	description	--09-11
Alfredo Rossi	description	--05-29
Kako Band	description	The lyrics of \
Whistling kettle	description	Coming to the boil, boiling, and cooling
Écoute	description	A 18-second sample of \
Music of the Marvel Cinematic Universe	description	Alan Silvestri's \
Outdoor Miner	description	Wire's \
Virgo	description	Originally released as \
Twelve Little Preludes	description	Prelude in C major
Twelve Little Preludes	description	Prelude in C minor
Twelve Little Preludes	description	Prelude in D minor
Madeline	description	Many critics have commented on voice actress Tracey-Lee Smyth's performance of Madeline, whether it be her giggling tone of voice, her pseudo-French accent, or the repetitiveness of her dialogue. This sample is from Madeline European Adventures.
Biblical Songs	description	Biblical Songs.
Brahms's Third Symphony in popular culture	description	File courtesy of Musopen
Characteristics of progressive rock	description	A Hammond organ plays melody variations while the guitars play a baroque-style ground bass figure
Characteristics of progressive rock	description	The Mellotron was used both as a substitute for stringed instruments and for its darker, often menacing tone
Characteristics of progressive rock	description	The synthesizer is capable of a multitude of textures and tones and can replace guitar as a lead instrument
Characteristics of progressive rock	description	A section of music that begins with a folk-based violin melody and a contrapuntal acoustic guitar accompaniment, then abruptly shifts into eccentric hard rock and uses dissonant harmonies while segueing into an unusual metric signature
Characteristics of progressive rock	description	Strawbs, with a background in folk music, often used medieval and fantasy lyrical themes.
Characteristics of progressive rock	description	Jethro Tull lyrics often depict the English countryside and a pastoral lifestyle. This often combines with a madrigal feel that is achieved through the use of medieval instruments.
Bic Runga discography	description	Sample from the single \
Bic Runga discography	description	Sample from the single \
Bic Runga discography	description	Sample from the single \
