British Army	patron	Elizabeth II
Knights Templar	patron	St. Bernard of Clairvaux
Teutonic Order	patron	The Virgin Mary, Saint Elizabeth of Hungary, and Saint George
Military in Vatican City	patron	Martin of Tours
Military in Vatican City	patron	Saint Sebastian
Military in Vatican City	patron	Nicholas of Flüe
Saint Patrick's Battalion	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tours	patron	Gatianus of Tours
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tours	patron	Martin of Tours
Swiss Guard	patron	Martin of Tours
Swiss Guard	patron	Saint Sebastian
Swiss Guard	patron	Nicholas of Flüe
Fedayeen Saddam	patron	Saddam Hussein
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec	patron	St. Ann
Knights of Saint Thomas	patron	St. Thomas Becket of Canterbury
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York	patron	St. Patrick
Legio II Augusta	patron	Augustus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee	patron	John the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis	patron	Saint Louis IX
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis	patron	Saint Vincent DePaul
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis	patron	Saint Rose Philippine Duchesne
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit	patron	St. Anne
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in California	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in California	patron	Saint Clare of Assisi
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
Roman Catholic Diocese of London, Ontario	patron	The Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of London, Ontario	patron	& St. Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia	patron	St. Peter and St. Paul
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles	patron	Saint Vibiana
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles	patron	Saint Rita
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles	patron	Saint Emidius
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco	patron	St. Francis of Assisi
Hellenic Air Force	patron	Archangels Michael and Gabriel
ʻIolani School	patron	Kamehameha IV and Queen Emma
Bangladesh Air Force	patron	President of Bangladesh
Hellenic Navy	patron	Saint Nicholas
Hellenic Army	patron	Saint George
Peruvian Navy	patron	Miguel Grau Seminario
Her Majesty's Coastguard	patron	HRH The Prince of Wales
Coláiste Iognáid, Galway	patron	St Ignatius of Loyola
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque	patron	Raphael
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque	patron	St. John Vianney
Combined Cadet Force	patron	Elizabeth II
Sea Cadet Corps	patron	Elizabeth II
Air Training Corps	patron	Elizabeth II
United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance	patron	Dion Williams
United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance	patron	James L. Jones, Sr.
United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance	patron	Bruce F. Meyers
United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance	patron	Joseph Z. Taylor
Royal Canadian Air Cadets	patron	Governor General of Canada
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu	patron	Our Lady of Peace
Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu	patron	Father Damien
Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu	patron	Mother Marianne Cope
Roman Catholic Diocese of Alexandria in Louisiana	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Saint Joseph College Seminary	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Richmond	patron	St. Vincent de Paul
4th Battalion 42nd Field Artillery Regiment	patron	St. Barbara
Bellarmine College Preparatory	patron	Robert Bellarmine
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mainz	patron	St. Martin of Tours
King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery	patron	George VI of the United Kingdom
University of Detroit Jesuit High School and Academy	patron	St. Ignatius Loyola
University of Detroit Jesuit High School and Academy	patron	North American Martyrs
Brazilian Navy	patron	Marquis of Tamandaré
JW GROM	patron	Cichociemni
1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler	patron	Adolf Hitler
Brazilian Air Force	patron	Alberto Santos-Dumont
Brazilian Air Force	patron	Eduardo Gomes
Brazilian Army	patron	Duke of Caxias
UWC Red Cross Nordic	patron	20
Arnold Engineering Development Complex	patron	Henry H. Arnold
Roman Catholic Diocese of Passau	patron	Conrad of Parzham
Roman Catholic Diocese of Passau	patron	Maximilian of Celeia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Passau	patron	Saint Valentine
Guard Hussar Regiment	patron	Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
Xavier High School	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Civil Guard	patron	Our Lady of the Pillar
St. Louis School, Hong Kong	patron	St Aloysius
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Denver	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Denver	patron	St. Francis of Assisi
Bangladesh Navy	patron	President of Bangladesh
Saint Francis High School	patron	Francis of Assisi
Portuguese Navy	patron	Henry the Navigator
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati	patron	St. Francis de Sales
Croatian Navy	patron	Saint Nicholas
German nuclear weapon project	patron	Adolf Hitler
Roman Catholic Diocese of Des Moines	patron	Mary, Queen of Heaven
Roman Catholic Diocese of Des Moines	patron	St. Pius X
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Blue Eagles	patron	British Army Air Corps, volunteer
National Cathedral School	patron	Hilda of Whitby
Royal Jordanian Falcons	patron	Royal Jordanian Airlines
Royal Jordanian Falcons	patron	Royal Jordanian Air Force
Don Bosco Technical Institute	patron	John Bosco
The King's Own Calgary Regiment	patron	George VI of Canada
Dr. Graham's Homes	patron	R. H Mody
First Army	patron	Citizens of the Republic of Turkey
1st Fallschirm-Panzer Division Hermann Göring	patron	Hermann Göring
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis	patron	Saint Paul
4th Princess Louise Dragoon Guards	patron	Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Besançon	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile	patron	Irenaeus of Lyons, Michael the Archangel
Saint Agnes Academy	patron	Agnes of Rome
Central Catholic High School	patron	St. John Baptist de la Salle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington	patron	Matthew the Evangelist
Field Artillery Branch	patron	Saint Barbara
St. Xavier High School	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Vegas	patron	St. Peter the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Vegas	patron	St. Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Reno	patron	Our Lady of the Snow
Roman Catholic Diocese of Reno	patron	Holy Family
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa in California	patron	St. Rose of Lima
Roman Catholic Diocese of Oakland	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Oakland	patron	St. Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Salt Lake City	patron	St. Mary Magdalene
Roman Catholic Diocese of Salt Lake City	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Joliet in Illinois	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Gallen	patron	Saint Gall
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chur	patron	Lucius of Chur
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Thomas	patron	Saints Peter and Paul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Belleville	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaylord	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Peoria	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockford	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Illinois	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Juan de Puerto Rico	patron	St. John the Baptist and Our Lady of Divine Providence
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle	patron	St. James the Greater
Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe	patron	St. Francis of Assisi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gallup	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tucson	patron	St. Augustine of Hippo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fairbanks	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Anchorage	patron	St. Joseph the Worker
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Anchorage	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Juneau	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manila	patron	Immaculate Conception
Loyola School, Thiruvananthapuram	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence	patron	SS. Peter and Paul
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta	patron	Pius X
Roman Catholic Diocese of Charleston	patron	St. John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlotte	patron	Mary, Mother of God
Roman Catholic Diocese of Savannah	patron	St. John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Arlington	patron	Thomas More
Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington	patron	St. Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Burlington	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Burlington	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Manchester	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts	patron	Michael the Archangel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester	patron	Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Esztergom-Budapest	patron	Saint Stephen I
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge	patron	St. Joseph
Corps of Colonial Marines	patron	Sir Alexander Cochrane
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jaro	patron	St Elizabeth of Hungary
Saint Charles Preparatory School	patron	Saint Charles Borromeo
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paris	patron	Denis
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paris	patron	Saint Genevieve
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans	patron	Louis IX of France
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans	patron	Our Lady of Prompt Succor
Christopher Columbus High School	patron	St. Marcellin Champagnat
Second Army	patron	Citizens of the Republic of Turkey
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Reims	patron	Saint Remigius
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockville Centre	patron	Saint Agnes
St. Joseph's Collegiate Institute	patron	St. Jean-Baptiste de La Salle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Rapids	patron	St. Andrew
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fall River	patron	Saint Mary of the Assumption
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Munich and Freising	patron	Corbinian
Loyola High School	patron	St. Ignatius of Loyola
Loyola High School	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bamberg	patron	Cunegundes
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bamberg	patron	Otto of Bamberg
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bamberg	patron	Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Utrecht	patron	Willibrord
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kraków	patron	Stanislaus of Szczepanów
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kraków	patron	Pope John Paul II
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Portland in Oregon	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville	patron	Saint Joseph\n* Joseph the Betrothed\n* Joseph the Worker
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ranchi	patron	St Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro	patron	Saint Sebastian  and Saint Anne
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Galveston–Houston	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Wayne–South Bend	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Eichstätt	patron	Walburga
Roman Catholic Diocese of Eichstätt	patron	Willibald
Alpini	patron	--09-22
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis	patron	Saint Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis	patron	Saint Mother Theodore Guerin
Fordham Preparatory School	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fresno	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown	patron	St. Andrew
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rochester	patron	St. John Fisher
Canisius High School	patron	St. Peter Canisius
Hellenic Coast Guard	patron	Saint Nicholas
Roman Catholic Diocese of Haarlem-Amsterdam	patron	Saints Nicholas, Bavo, Willibrord
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lake Charles	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lake Charles	patron	St. Peter Claver
Roman Catholic Diocese of Beauvais	patron	Lucian of Beauvais
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Daegu	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Daegu	patron	John Yi Yun-il
Third Army	patron	Citizens of the Republic of Turkey
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Indiana	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Indiana	patron	Théodore Guérin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Magdeburg	patron	Norbert of Xanten
8th Canadian Hussars	patron	Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll
Border Guards Bangladesh	patron	President of Bangladesh
The British Columbia Regiment	patron	Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kansas City–Saint Joseph	patron	Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception
Loyola School	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
Italian Coast Guard	patron	Saint Barbara
Roman Catholic Diocese of Đà Lạt	patron	Saint Nicholas
Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Changanassery	patron	Saint Joseph
28th Infantry Division	patron	Warsaw, Stefan Okrzeja in 1944
Brigada Specială de Intervenție a Jandarmeriei	patron	Vlad Țepeș
Syro-Malabar Catholic Major Archeparchy of Ernakulam-Angamaly	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Winona	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trebinje-Mrkan	patron	Saint Michael
The Canadian Scottish Regiment	patron	Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mostar-Duvno	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vrhbosna	patron	Sacred Heart
Bolivarian Navy of Venezuela	patron	Virgen del Valle
Regis High School	patron	St. John Francis Regis
Lourdes School of Mandaluyong	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Lourdes School of Mandaluyong	patron	St. Francis of Assisi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hildesheim	patron	Godehard
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hildesheim	patron	Mary, Mother of God
Portuguese Army	patron	Afonso I of Portugal
Portuguese Army	patron	Saint George
1st Legions Infantry Division	patron	Józef Piłsudski
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baker	patron	St. Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport	patron	St. Augustine
Roman Catholic Diocese of Scranton	patron	Saint Peter
Mar Gregorios Orthodox Christian Student Movement	patron	St. Gregorios Geevarghese
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalamazoo	patron	St. Augustine of Hippo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Youngstown	patron	St. Columba
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cambrai	patron	Gaugericus
Military Police	patron	Tiradentes
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lansing	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Xuân Lộc	patron	Saint Joseph
Saint Francis High School	patron	Saint Francis of Assisi
Central Catholic Marianist High School	patron	Bl. Fr. William Joseph Chaminade
Umvoti Mounted Rifles	patron	Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu
Santa Margarita Catholic High School	patron	St. Margaret Mary Alacoque
Roman Catholic Diocese of Monterey in California	patron	Our Lady of Bethlehem
Roman Catholic Diocese of Monterey in California	patron	Charles Borromeo
88th Division	patron	Alexander von Falkenhausen
St. John Bosco High School	patron	Saint John Bosco
St. Joseph High School	patron	Saint Joseph
200th Division	patron	Chiang Kai Shek
Legio XI Claudia	patron	Julius Caesar
Legio XI Claudia	patron	Augustus,
Legio XI Claudia	patron	Roman Emperors
Legio XV Apollinaris	patron	Apollo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Buxar	patron	Our Lady of Perpetual Help
Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette	patron	St. Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo	patron	St. Joseph
St. Anthony's High School	patron	St. Anthony of Padua
St. Anthony's High School	patron	St. Francis of Assisi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Harrisburg	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark	patron	St. Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark	patron	St. Elizabeth Ann Seton
Mount Saint Joseph High School	patron	Saint Joseph
Bolivian Navy	patron	Virgen de Copacabana
Roman Catholic Diocese of Quilon	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Quimper	patron	Corentin of Quimper
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Worth	patron	St. Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Louisiana	patron	Immaculate Conception
La Salle High School	patron	St. Jean-Baptiste de La Salle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jackson	patron	St. Peter the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Superior	patron	St. Augustine of Hippo
La Salle College High School	patron	St. John Baptist de La Salle
Portuguese Air Force	patron	Our Lady of Loreto
Portuguese Air Force	patron	Our Lady of Air
Roman Catholic Diocese of Itanagar	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bourges	patron	Ursinus of Bourges
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne	patron	St. Patrick
St. Finian's College	patron	Bishop of Meath
Roman Catholic Diocese of Speyer	patron	Mary, Mother of God
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg	patron	Conrad of Constance
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg	patron	Gebhard of Constance
St Joseph's Mundingburra Catholic School	patron	Mary MacKillop
1 Field Ambulance	patron	Anne, Princess Royal
Roman Catholic Diocese of Coutances	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Coutances	patron	Laud of Coutances
Roman Catholic Diocese of Biloxi	patron	St. Joseph the Worker
Roman Catholic Diocese of Biloxi	patron	St. Martin de Porres
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Diego	patron	Didacus of Alcalá
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami	patron	Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Reykjavík	patron	Saint Thorlak
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Omaha	patron	Saint Cecilia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Down and Connor	patron	St Malachy and St MacNissi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rottenburg-Stuttgart	patron	Martin of Tours
Roman Catholic Diocese of Linares	patron	Ambrose
De La Salle College Churchtown	patron	Jean-Baptiste de la Salle
St. Thomas High School	patron	Thomas Aquinas
Savio Preparatory High School	patron	St. Dominic Savio
Roman Catholic Diocese of Varaždin	patron	Marko Krizin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland	patron	St. John the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus	patron	St. Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Steubenville	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pueblo	patron	Immaculate Conception of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pueblo	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Colorado Springs	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne	patron	Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
St. Gabriel's Secondary School	patron	Louis de Montfort
6th Special Operations Brigade %22Mihai Viteazul%22	patron	Mihai Viteazul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Austin	patron	Saint Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Beaumont	patron	St. Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Diocese of Corpus Christi	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich	patron	St. Anne
Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich	patron	St. Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tyler	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Armagh	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Armagh	patron	Saint Malachy
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Armagh	patron	Oliver Plunkett
Mount de Sales Academy	patron	Saint Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Davao	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine	patron	St. Augustine
Taktisches Luftwaffengeschwader 71 %22Richthofen%22	patron	Manfred von Richthofen
Marian High School	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Roman Catholic Diocese of Meaux	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gary	patron	Guardian Angels
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gary	patron	Matthias the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas	patron	St. John Vianney
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dodge City	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dodge City	patron	St. John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Salina	patron	Our Lady of Perpetual Help
Roman Catholic Diocese of Wichita	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardino	patron	St. Bernardine of Siena
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardino	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Covington	patron	St. Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Evansville	patron	Theotokos
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nashville	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nashville	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Owensboro	patron	St. Stephen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando	patron	James, son of Zebedee
Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida	patron	Our Lady of Mercy
Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida	patron	St. Mark the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pensacola–Tallahassee	patron	St. Thomas More
City of London Yeomanry	patron	Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ogdensburg	patron	St. Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Petersburg	patron	Saint Jude
Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport	patron	St. Elizabeth Ann Seton
Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport	patron	St. Peter Claver
Roman Catholic Diocese of Allentown	patron	Saint Catherine of Siena
Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Island	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lincoln	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tulsa	patron	Holy Family
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh	patron	Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Great Falls–Billings	patron	St. Matthias
Roman Catholic Diocese of Great Falls–Billings	patron	St. Pius X
Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield–Cape Girardeau	patron	Rose Philippine Duchesne
Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield–Cape Girardeau	patron	Pope Pius X
Roman Catholic Diocese of Helena	patron	Helena of Constantinople
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bismarck	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Crookston	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Duluth	patron	Our Lady of the Holy Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of New Ulm	patron	Mary, Mother of God
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Cloud	patron	Clodoald
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fargo	patron	Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux Falls	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of El Paso	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Angelo	patron	St. Michael the Archangel
Apostolic Administration of Prizren	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Augsburg	patron	Ulrich of Augsburg
Roman Catholic Diocese of Augsburg	patron	Simpert
Roman Catholic Diocese of Augsburg	patron	St Afra
St. Lawrence Seminary High School	patron	St. Lawrence of Brindisi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hvar-Brač-Vis	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paderborn	patron	Kilian
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paderborn	patron	Liborius
St. George's Grammar School	patron	St. George
Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Tellicherry	patron	Saint Joseph
3rd Assault Amphibian Battalion	patron	Michael
Roman Catholic Diocese of Leeds	patron	Our Lady of Perpetual Succour
Roman Catholic Diocese of Leeds	patron	St Wilfrid
Roman Catholic Diocese of Portsmouth	patron	St. Edmund of Abingdon and The Immaculate Conception
148	patron	Saint Barbara
Leo Catholic High School	patron	Pope Leo I
Benilde-St. Margaret's	patron	Saint Benilde
Benilde-St. Margaret's	patron	Saint Margaret of Scotland
Saint Francis Central Coast Catholic High School	patron	St. John Bosco
Austin Preparatory School	patron	Saint Augustine
No. 301 Polish Bomber Squadron	patron	Pomerania
No. 301 Polish Bomber Squadron	patron	Warsaw Uprising
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lyon	patron	Irenaeus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lyon	patron	Saint Pothinus
St. Augustine Preparatory School	patron	Augustine of Hippo
Bishop Miege High School	patron	John Baptist Miège
Chilean Army	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Venezuelan Army	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bordeaux	patron	Andrew the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fréjus-Toulon	patron	Leontius of Fréjus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fréjus-Toulon	patron	Mary Magdalene
Roman Catholic Diocese of Digne	patron	Saint Domnin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Digne	patron	Saint Vincent of Digne
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tulle	patron	Saint Martin of Tours
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nice	patron	Saint Reparata
Roman Catholic Diocese of Limoges	patron	Saint Martial
Roman Catholic Diocese of Troyes	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of Troyes	patron	Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Požega	patron	Saint Lawrence
St. Mary's Diocesan School for Girls, Pretoria	patron	St Mary
St. Alban's College	patron	St. Alban
Ramona Convent Secondary School	patron	Joan of Arc
St. George's Grammar School	patron	St. George
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Malta	patron	Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Malta	patron	Publius Prince of Malta
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Malta	patron	Agatha of Sicily
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de Compostela	patron	James, son of Zebedee
Jagdgeschwader 51	patron	Werner Mölders
Roman Catholic Diocese of Metz	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rosario	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
St. Britto's, Goa	patron	St. John de Britto
St. Joseph Hill Academy	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Langres	patron	Mammes of Caesarea
Dhirubhai Ambani International School	patron	Dhirubhai Ambani
Jagdgeschwader 1	patron	Walter Oesau
Jagdgeschwader 2	patron	Manfred von Richthofen
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zagreb	patron	Aloysius Stepinac
St. John Vianney High School	patron	Saint John Vianney
Campion Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School	patron	St.Edmund Campion
Roman Catholic Diocese of Autun	patron	Lazarus of Bethany
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orléans	patron	Aignan of Orleans
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Grouard–McLennan	patron	Saint Martin of Tours
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gatineau	patron	Mother of the Church
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston in Canada	patron	St. Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montreal	patron	St. Mary
Western Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto	patron	St. Michael
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland	patron	St. John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antequera, Oaxaca	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amos	patron	Teresa of Avila
Regiment de Meuron	patron	Charles-Daniel de Meuron
Roman Catholic Diocese of Alexandria-Cornwall	patron	Finan of Lindisfarne
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nassau	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nassau	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
Damien High School	patron	Father Damien
Holy Names High School	patron	Eulalie Durocher
Kianda School	patron	Saint Josemaría Escrivá
Venezuelan Air Force	patron	Our Lady of Loreto
Roman Catholic Diocese of Parañaque	patron	St. Andrew the Apostle
Mother Cabrini High School	patron	St. Frances Xavier Cabrini
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gozo	patron	Saint George
Central Catholic High School	patron	Marcellin Champagnat
Central Catholic High School	patron	Thérèse of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Agen	patron	Saint Stephen
Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart	patron	Rose Philippine Duchesne
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vilnius	patron	St Casimir
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bologna	patron	Saint Petronius
Cantwell-Sacred Heart of Mary High School	patron	St. Philip of Jesus and Sacred Heart of Mary
Villa Angela-St. Joseph High School	patron	St. Angela Merici and St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hamburg	patron	St Ansgar
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lausanne, Geneva and Fribourg	patron	St Nicholas
Christ Nagar School	patron	Kuriakose Elias Chavara
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bahía Blanca	patron	Virgin of Mercy
Roman Catholic Diocese of Viedma	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Bishop Ready High School	patron	St. Michael the Archangel
Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Thrissur	patron	Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sens	patron	Savinian and Potentian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Belley-Ars	patron	St John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Berlin	patron	Hedwig of Andechs
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Berlin	patron	Otto of Bamberg
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Berlin	patron	St. Peter the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dresden-Meissen	patron	Benno of Meissen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dresden-Meissen	patron	Donatus of Arezzo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dresden-Meissen	patron	Saint Afra
DeSales High School	patron	St. Francis DeSales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Regensburg	patron	Wolfgang of Ratisbon
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Prague	patron	Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Prague	patron	Adalbert of Prague
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Prague	patron	John of Nepomuk
Jatiya Rakkhi Bahini	patron	Sheikh Mujibur Rahman
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lipa	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lipa	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lipa	patron	Saint Sebastian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Angoulême	patron	Saint Ausonius of Angoulême
Roman Catholic Diocese of Angoulême	patron	Saint Cybard
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vác	patron	St Michael
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vác	patron	Stephen I of Hungary
Kebur Zabagna	patron	Emperor of Ethiopia
Loyola High School	patron	St. Ignatius of Loyola
Lourdes School of Quezon City	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Lourdes School of Quezon City	patron	St. Francis of Assisi
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kanjirappally	patron	Mar
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kanjirappally	patron	Mary
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kothamangalam	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Idukki	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zadar	patron	Anastasia of Sirmium
Strathmore School	patron	Saint Josemaría Escrivá
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Belthangady	patron	Thomas the Apostle
St. Karen's High School	patron	St. Katherine of Siena
Roman Catholic Diocese of Coimbatore	patron	Michael the Archangel
Seton Catholic Central High School	patron	St. Elizabeth Ann Seton
Roman Catholic Diocese of Calbayog	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of Calbayog	patron	Paul the Apostle
Diocese of Beverley	patron	The Blessed Virgin Mary
Diocese of Beverley	patron	and St John of Beverley
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montpellier	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montpellier	patron	Paul the Apostle
De La Salle High School	patron	St. John Baptist De La Salle
Cabrini High School	patron	Frances Xavier Cabrini
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cork and Ross	patron	Cork: St Finbarr
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cork and Ross	patron	Ross: St Fachtna
607th Weather Squadron	patron	United States Forces Korea
607th Weather Squadron	patron	Eighth United States Army
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Rajkot	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Sagar	patron	St Thérèse of Lisieux
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Bijnor	patron	Saint Joseph
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Chanda	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Gorakhpur	patron	Saint Thérèse of Lisieux
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Gorakhpur	patron	Saint Joseph
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kalyan	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Jagdgeschwader 3	patron	Ernst Udet
Jagdgeschwader 7	patron	Walter Nowotny
Jagdgeschwader 26	patron	Albert Leo Schlageter
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Jagdalpur	patron	Saint Joseph
Central Catholic High School	patron	Elizabeth Ann Seton
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Satna	patron	St Vincent de Paul
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Ujjain	patron	Paul the Apostle
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Thuckalay	patron	Mary
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Thuckalay	patron	Saint George
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples	patron	Aspren
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples	patron	Januarius
Divine Word College of Legazpi	patron	St.Arnold Janssen and St.Joseph Freinademetz
Knights Hospitaller	patron	*
Knights Hospitaller	patron	Mary, mother of Jesus
Knights Hospitaller	patron	of Philermos\n*
Knights Hospitaller	patron	John the Baptist
Academy of Our Lady of Guam	patron	Our Lady of Camarin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Coimbra	patron	Augustine of Hippo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cahors	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amiens	patron	Fermin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Valence	patron	Apollinaris of Valence
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vannes	patron	Padarn
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran	patron	Saint Roch
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of the Holy Family of London	patron	Holy Family in Exile
Baltische Landeswehr	patron	Rüdiger von der Goltz
Roman Catholic Diocese of Graz-Seckau	patron	Rupert of Salzburg
Roman Catholic Diocese of Graz-Seckau	patron	Saint Virgil
St. Catherine High School	patron	St. Catherine of Alexandria
Bellarmine Preparatory School	patron	St. Robert Bellarmine
West Catholic Preparatory High School	patron	St. John Baptiste de la Salle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton, Ontario	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary in the mystery of the Annunciation
St. John's Jesuit High School and Academy	patron	John Berchmans
Roman Catholic Diocese of Porto, Portugal	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bombay	patron	Gonsalo Garcia
St. Mary's High School	patron	The Blessed Mother under the title of Immaculate Heart of Mary
St. Paul High School	patron	St. Paul
John Paul II Catholic High School	patron	Pope John Paul II
Leicestershire Yeomanry	patron	Albert, Prince Consort
St. Anthony High School	patron	St. Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Diocese of Meath	patron	Finian of Clonard
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ferns	patron	Máedóc of Ferns
Roman Catholic Diocese of Raphoe	patron	St Eunan and St Columba
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kildare and Leighlin	patron	Kildare: St Brigid and St Conleth
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kildare and Leighlin	patron	Leighlin: St Lazerian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ossory	patron	Ciarán of Saigir
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly	patron	Ailbe of Emly
Roman Catholic Diocese of Clonfert	patron	Brendan
Roman Catholic Diocese of Elphin	patron	St Ascius and the Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Galway, Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora	patron	Galway: Our Lady Assumed into Heaven Saint Nicholas
Roman Catholic Diocese of Galway, Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora	patron	Kilmacduagh: St Colman
Roman Catholic Diocese of Galway, Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora	patron	Kilfenora: St Fachanan
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ardagh and Clonmacnoise	patron	Mél of Ardagh
Roman Catholic Diocese of Limerick	patron	St Munchin and St Ita
Roman Catholic Diocese of Waterford and Lismore	patron	St Otteran, St Carthage and St Declan
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dublin	patron	St Kevin and St Laurence O'Toole
Roman Catholic Diocese of Achonry	patron	St Nathy and St Attracta
Roman Catholic Diocese of Killala	patron	Muiredach of Killala
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tuam	patron	Iarlaithe mac Loga
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gibraltar	patron	Bernard of Clairvaux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gibraltar	patron	Our Lady of Europe
Military Ordinariate of the Philippines	patron	Immaculate Conception
Military Ordinariate of the Philippines	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
Military Ordinariate of the Philippines	patron	John of Capistrano
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Adelaide	patron	St. Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Linz	patron	Saint Florian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Linz	patron	Saint Severinus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sydney	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Canberra and Goulburn	patron	St. Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brisbane	patron	Saint Mary of the Cross
Roman Catholic Diocese of Toowoomba	patron	Mary of the Southern Cross, Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lismore	patron	St. Carthage
Roman Catholic Diocese of Wollongong	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wellington	patron	Sacred Heart and Our Lady
Roman Catholic Diocese of Groningen-Leeuwarden	patron	Saint Boniface
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chartres	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Barcelona	patron	Virgin of Mercy
St. Ambrose Academy	patron	St Ambrose
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rodez	patron	Amandus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarbes-et-Lourdes	patron	Nativity of Mary
Prussian Army	patron	List of monarchs of Prussia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Aachen	patron	Mary, Mother of Jesus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Puerto Montt	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos de Ancud	patron	Charles Borromeo
Bishop Shanahan High School	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Apostolic Vicariate of Aysén	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Punta Arenas	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Roman Catholic Diocese of Talca	patron	Augustine of Hippo
Seton School	patron	Elizabeth Ann Seton
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rancagua	patron	Feast of the Cross
Sikh Khalsa Army	patron	The Maharajas of Punjab:
Sikh Khalsa Army	patron	Maharaja Ranjit Singh
Sikh Khalsa Army	patron	Maharaja Kharak Singh
Sikh Khalsa Army	patron	Maharaja Nau Nihal Singh
Sikh Khalsa Army	patron	Maharaja Sher Singh
Sikh Khalsa Army	patron	Maharaja Duleep Singh.
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Juan de los Lagos	patron	Our Lady of San Juan de los Lagos
St. Brendan High School	patron	St. Brendan the Navigator
Eden High School	patron	Rev. Menno Simons D.Min, Th.D
Taktisches Luftwaffengeschwader 73	patron	Johannes Steinhoff
Montini Catholic High School	patron	St. John Baptist De La Salle
Canisius-Kolleg Berlin	patron	Peter Canisius
St. Rose's High School, Guyana	patron	Rose of Lima
Petit Seminaire Higher Secondary School	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de Guatemala	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de Guatemala	patron	Saint James the Greater
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint George's in Grenada	patron	The Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda	patron	St. Therese of Lisieux
St. Lawrence School	patron	Lawrence of Rome
Pakistan Maritime Museum	patron	Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah Nishan-e-Imtiaz , Chief of Naval Staff
No. 253 Squadron RAF	patron	The Nizam of Hyderabad
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kamloops	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kamloops	patron	St. John Vianney
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Catharines	patron	Saint Catherine of Alexandria
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Jean-Longueuil	patron	John the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Thunder Bay	patron	St. Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trois-Rivières	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paraná	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Concordia in Argentina	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Córdoba	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Alto Valle del Río Negro	patron	Holy Family
Roman Catholic Diocese of Añatuya	patron	Francis Solanus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Añatuya	patron	Our Lady of the Valley
Roman Catholic Diocese of Añatuya	patron	Saint Joseph
Paul VI Catholic High School	patron	St. Francis de Sales
Paul VI Catholic High School	patron	St. Jane de Chantal
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Corrientes	patron	Our Lady of Itatí
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of La Plata in Argentina	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of La Plata in Argentina	patron	Pope Pontian
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mendoza	patron	James, son of Zebedee
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mendoza	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Resistencia	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Resistencia	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Formosa, Argentina	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salta	patron	James, son of Alphaeus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salta	patron	Philip the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Juan de Cuyo	patron	John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Juan de Cuyo	patron	Pope Clement I
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz	patron	Our lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tucumán	patron	Virgin of Mercy
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tucumán	patron	Jude the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tucumán	patron	Simon the Zealot
Air Force of Serbia and Montenegro	patron	Saint Elijah
Bulgarian Land Forces	patron	Saint George
Cornelia Connelly High School	patron	Cornelia Connelly
Roman Catholic Diocese of Avellaneda-Lanús	patron	Teresa of Ávila
Roman Catholic Diocese of Avellaneda-Lanús	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Azul	patron	Serapion of Algiers
Roman Catholic Diocese of Azul	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chascomús	patron	Virgin of Mercy
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chascomús	patron	John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Concepción	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Concepción	patron	John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gregorio de Laferrere	patron	Christ the King
Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Deán Funes	patron	Francis Solanus
Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Deán Funes	patron	Virgin of Mercy
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gualeguaychú	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gualeguaychú	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Humahuaca	patron	Virgin of Candelaria
Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Humahuaca	patron	Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jujuy	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of La Rioja	patron	Saint Nicholas
Roman Catholic Diocese of La Rioja	patron	Francis Solanus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lomas de Zamora	patron	Our Lady of Peace
Roman Catholic Diocese of Soissons	patron	Gervasius and Protasius
St. Bernard High School	patron	St. Bernard of Clairvaux
Collège des Frères	patron	St. Jean-Baptiste de la Salle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Châlons	patron	Saint Memmius
The Regis School of the Sacred Heart	patron	John Francis Regis
St Rita's College, Clayfield	patron	St Rita of Cascia
Billings Central Catholic High School	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe	patron	Saint Flannan
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Marseille	patron	Lazarus of Bethany
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mercedes-Luján	patron	Virgin of Mercy
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mercedes-Luján	patron	Our Lady of Luján
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mar del Plata	patron	Saint Cecilia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sivagangai	patron	John de Brito
Benedictine College Preparatory	patron	St. Benedict
Saint Ignatius' College, Adelaide	patron	Saint Ignatius of Loyola
Lourdes High School	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
All Saints Catholic Senior College	patron	* Blessed Óscar Romero \n* Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta
St. Bernard's High School	patron	St. Bernard
Roman Catholic Diocese of Merlo-Moreno	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Morón	patron	Immaculate Conception
Notre Dame High School	patron	Mary
St. Dominic High School	patron	St. Dominic
Roman Catholic Diocese of Krk	patron	Quirinus of Sescia
Ursuline Academy	patron	St. Angela Merici and St. Ursula
St. Edward Central Catholic High School	patron	Edward the Confessor
St. Thomas More High School	patron	St. Thomas More
Our Lady of Tepeyac High School	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
St. Bernard's High School	patron	Saint Bernard of Clairvaux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Clogher	patron	Mac Cairthinn of Clogher
Polish–Ukrainian Peace Force Battalion	patron	Hetmans of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
Polish–Ukrainian Peace Force Battalion	patron	Jan Karol Chodkiewicz
Polish–Ukrainian Peace Force Battalion	patron	Zaporozhian Cossacks
Polish–Ukrainian Peace Force Battalion	patron	Petro Konashevych-Sahaidachny
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de Chile	patron	James, son of Zebedee
Roman Catholic Diocese of Birmingham in Alabama	patron	Paul the Apostle
Catholic High School	patron	St.Jean-Baptiste de la Salle
St. Mary's High School	patron	St. Mary
Pope John Paul II High School	patron	Karol Józef Wojtyła
St. Charles Catholic High School	patron	St. Charles Borromeo
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Accra	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary, St. Peter Claver, St. Martin de Porres and the Martyrs of Uganda
St. Lucy's Priory High School	patron	Saint Lucy
Bellarmine-Jefferson High School	patron	Robert Bellarmine
Colegio Jordán de Sajonia	patron	Blessed Jordan of Saxony
Saint Bernard School	patron	Saint Bernard of Clairvaux
Saint Bernard School	patron	Saint Francis Xavier
St. Anthony Catholic High School	patron	Saint Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo	patron	Joseph Vaz
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo	patron	Basilica of Our Lady of Lanka
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo	patron	Shrine of Our Lady of Madhu
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pretoria	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pretoria	patron	Our Lady of Good Counsel
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bulawayo	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Harare	patron	Peter Claver
Oratory Athenaeum for University Preparation	patron	St. Philip Neri
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Izmir	patron	Polycarp
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hanoi	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bùi Chu	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Thái Bình	patron	Sacred Heart
St. Joseph High School	patron	St Joseph
St Patrick's College, Goulburn	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dhaka	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Shanghai	patron	Our Mother of Sheshan
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zamboanga	patron	Our Lady of the Pillar
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Porto Alegre	patron	Mary
Schlachtgeschwader 2	patron	Max Immelmann
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia	patron	Saint Paul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Le Mans	patron	Julian of Le Mans
Roman Catholic Diocese of Osorno	patron	Matthew the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rafaela	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rafaela	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Reconquista	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Reconquista	patron	John the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Luis	patron	Louis IX of France
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago del Estero	patron	James, son of Zebedee
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago del Estero	patron	Our Lady of Consolation Sumampa
Roman Catholic Diocese of Venado Tuerto	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Nicolás de los Arroyos	patron	Saint Nicholas
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Roque de Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña	patron	Saint Roch
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Roque de Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Rafael	patron	Raphael
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Rafael	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Rafael	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Zárate-Campana	patron	Our Lady of Luján
Roman Catholic Diocese of Zárate-Campana	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Neuquén	patron	Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Neuquén	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nueve de Julio	patron	Saint Dominic
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nueve de Julio	patron	Our Lady of Fátima
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santo Tomé	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Posadas	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
Roman Catholic Diocese of Posadas	patron	Roque González de Santa Cruz
Roman Catholic Diocese of Puerto Iguazú	patron	Roque González de Santa Cruz
Roman Catholic Diocese of Villa María	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa in Argentina	patron	Rose of Lima
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos de Bariloche	patron	Feast of Our Lady of Snows
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos de Bariloche	patron	Charles Borromeo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Comodoro Rivadavia	patron	John Bosco
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Isidro	patron	Isidore the Laborer
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Justo	patron	Justus and Pastor
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Justo	patron	Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Martín	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Martín	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Miguel	patron	Michael the Archangel
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Miguel	patron	Our Lady of Luján
Villa Victoria Academy	patron	St. Lucy Filippini
Roman Catholic Diocese of Essen	patron	Our Lady of Good Counsel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Issele-Uku	patron	Saint Patrick
The Mary Louis Academy	patron	Louis IX of France
The Mary Louis Academy	patron	Blessed Mother
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Poitiers	patron	Hilary of Poitiers
Roman Catholic Diocese of Keimoes–Upington	patron	The Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Keimoes–Upington	patron	& St. Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Derry	patron	St Eugene and St Columba
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kerry	patron	Brendan
Roman Catholic Diocese of Laval	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaborone	patron	Our Lady of Sorrows
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dromore	patron	St Patrick and St Colman
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kilmore	patron	St Patrick and St Felim
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gweru	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Roman Catholic Diocese of Masvingo	patron	Mary Queen of Peace
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chinhoyi	patron	Kizito
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chinhoyi	patron	Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gokwe	patron	St. Paul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Étienne	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Albi	patron	Saint Cecilia
St. Xavier's High School, Patna	patron	St. Francis Xavier
St. Mary's School, Nairobi	patron	Mary
Venezuelan National Guard	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary of Chiquinquirá
Thomasschule zu Leipzig	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Auch	patron	Nativity of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugano	patron	St. Charles Borromeo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Blois	patron	Louis IX of France
Royal Saxon Army	patron	The Saint Elizabeth of Hungary, & Saint George
St John Bosco College, Sydney	patron	Saint John Bosco
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dijon	patron	Benignus of Dijon
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Claude	patron	Claudius of Besançon
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rennes	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Brieuc	patron	Saint Brioc
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Brieuc	patron	Saint William Pinchon
Roman Catholic Diocese of Annecy	patron	Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Diocese of Annecy	patron	St Peter in chains
Roman Catholic Diocese of Carcassonne-Narbonne	patron	Nazarius and Celsus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Carcassonne-Narbonne	patron	Michael
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nevers	patron	Quiricus and Julietta
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Avignon	patron	Notre-Dame
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Avignon	patron	Agricola of Avignon
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toulouse	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Angers	patron	Saint Maurice
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Clermont	patron	Austromoine
Roman Catholic Diocese of Arras	patron	Vedast
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chambéry–Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne–Tarentaise	patron	Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chambéry–Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne–Tarentaise	patron	Saint John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chambéry–Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne–Tarentaise	patron	Saint Peter and Saint Paul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nantes	patron	Donatian and Rogatian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Perpignan-Elne	patron	Saint John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Perpignan-Elne	patron	Saint Eulalia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Perpignan-Elne	patron	Saint Julia
Roman Catholic Diocese of La Rochelle and Saintes	patron	Eutropius of Saintes
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pamiers	patron	Antoninus of Pamiers
Jagdgeschwader 6	patron	Horst Wessel
St. Jean Baptiste High School	patron	Marguerite Bourgeoys
Bishopric of Cammin	patron	Sabinus of Spoleto
Bishopric of Cammin	patron	Faustinus of Brescia
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Bhadravathi	patron	Saint Joseph
108th Cavalry Regiment	patron	Saint George
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Košice	patron	Andrew the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Spiš	patron	Saint Martin of Tours
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lucca	patron	Paulinus of Antioch
Immaculate Conception Apostolic School	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Scholengemeenschap Augustinianum	patron	Augustine of hippo
Holy Cross of San Antonio	patron	Saint André Bessette, CSC
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cebu	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Pablo	patron	Paul of Thebes
St. Aloysius Higher Secondary School	patron	Aloysius Gonzaga
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Olomouc	patron	Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Versailles	patron	Louis IX of France
Taktisches Luftwaffengeschwader 51	patron	Max Immelmann
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salzburg	patron	Rupert of Salzburg
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salzburg	patron	Saint Virgil
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cologne	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cologne	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando	patron	Ferdinand III of Castile
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando	patron	Virgen delos Remedios
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan	patron	St John the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trier	patron	Mary, Mother of God
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trier	patron	Matthew the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kalocsa-Kecskemét	patron	Paul the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fulda	patron	Saint Boniface ( main patron )
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fulda	patron	Saint Elisabeth ( second patron )
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Marco Argentano-Scalea	patron	Mark the Evangelist
Seafield Convent Grammar School	patron	Sacred Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Calcutta	patron	St Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Strasbourg	patron	Saint Arbogast
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orán	patron	Raymond Nonnatus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orán	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Toruń	patron	Our Lady of Perpetual Help
Roman Catholic Diocese of Toruń	patron	Stefan Wincenty Frelichowski
Roman Catholic Diocese of Toruń	patron	Maria Karłowska
Roman Catholic Diocese of Toruń	patron	Jutta of Kulmsee
Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt	patron	Elisabeth of Thuringia
Roman Catholic Diocese of Limburg	patron	St. George
Roman Catholic Diocese of Görlitz	patron	Hedwig of Andechs
Roman Catholic Diocese of Eisenstadt	patron	Martin of Tours
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sankt Pölten	patron	Hippolytus of Rome
Roman Catholic Diocese of Innsbruck	patron	Saint Peter Canisius
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gurk	patron	Hemma of Gurk
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gurk	patron	John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Feldkirch	patron	Saint Nicholas
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaén	patron	Our Lady of Cabeza
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek	patron	Elijah
Roman Catholic Diocese of Andria	patron	Richard of Andria
Slovak Catholic Eparchy of Košice	patron	Saints Cyril and Methodius
Roman Catholic Diocese of Acerra	patron	Alphonsus Maria de Liguori
Roman Catholic Diocese of Acerra	patron	Conon
Roman Catholic Diocese of Alessandria	patron	Saint Baudolino
Eparchy of Lungro	patron	Saint Nicholas
Roman Catholic Diocese of Prato	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trapani	patron	Our Lady of Trapani
Roman Catholic Diocese of Brno	patron	Saint Peter and Saint Paul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ostrava-Opava	patron	Hedwig of Silesia
Italo-Albanese Eparchy of Piana degli Albanesi	patron	Saint Demetrius of Thessaloniki
Roman Catholic Diocese of Šibenik	patron	Michael
Roman Catholic Diocese of Beja	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santarém, Portugal	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Portalegre-Castelo Branco	patron	Augustine of Hippo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Leiria-Fátima	patron	Our Lady of Fátima
Roman Catholic Diocese of Leiria-Fátima	patron	Augustine of Hippo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana do Castelo	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Viseu	patron	Theotonius
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vila Real	patron	Immaculate Conception
Kampfgeschwader 4	patron	Walther Wever
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Trnava	patron	John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Marta	patron	Martha
Roman Catholic Diocese of La Dorada–Guaduas	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Arica	patron	Mark the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antofagasta	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Iquique	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Concepción	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of La Serena	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Illapel	patron	Raphael
Roman Catholic Diocese of Copiapó	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Melipilla	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Felipe, Chile	patron	Philip the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardo	patron	Bernard of Clairvaux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Valparaíso	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chillán	patron	Bartholomew the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Villarrica	patron	Sacred Heart
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Juan de Calama	patron	St John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa María de Los Ángeles	patron	Our Lady of Angels
Roman Catholic Diocese of Valdivia	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro	patron	Augustine of Hippo
St. Xavier Commercial School	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Aparecida	patron	Our Lady of Aparecida
Saint Pedro Poveda College	patron	Pedro Poveda Castroverde
Colegio San Agustín	patron	Saint Augustine
St Muredach's College	patron	Muiredach of Killala
74 Battery	patron	St Barbara
Kagnew Battalion	patron	Emperor Haile Selassie I
Bishop Anstey High School	patron	Hilary of Poitiers
John F. Kennedy Catholic High School	patron	St. Mary
Bishop McLaughlin Catholic High School	patron	St. Charles Borromeo
St. Michael's Catholic Academy	patron	Saint Michael the Archangel
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Verapoly	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Botucatu	patron	Saint Anne
Popular Army	patron	Saddam Hussein
Popular Army	patron	Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri
Roman Catholic Diocese of Piracicaba	patron	Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Diocese of São Luíz de Cáceres	patron	Louis IX of France
St. Andrew's Scots School	patron	Saint Andrew
Roman Catholic Diocese of Paranaguá	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Blumenau	patron	Paul the Apostle
United States Marine Corps Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion	patron	James L. Jones, Sr.
United States Marine Corps Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion	patron	Observer Group
St. Francis De Sales School	patron	St. Francis DeSales
Brazilian Army Aviation Command	patron	Ricardo Kirk
Saint Jude Catholic School	patron	St. Jude Thaddeus
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vienna	patron	Saint Stephen
Roman Catholic Diocese of Timișoara	patron	Saint George
1st Squadron, 108th Cavalry Regiment	patron	Saint George Award
Malankara Catholic Youth Movement	patron	St.Francis of Assisi, St.Mary (mother of Jesus)
18th King Edward's Own Cavalry	patron	King Edward VII
Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers	patron	José de San Martín
Roman Catholic Diocese of Belfort-Montbéliard	patron	St Paul
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Denis	patron	Denis
Syro-Malankara Catholic Major Archeparchy of Trivandrum	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jilin	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jilin	patron	Saint Peter
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jilin	patron	Holy Guardian Angel
Diocese of Rome	patron	Saint Peter
Diocese of Rome	patron	Paul the Apostle
Diocese of Rome	patron	Catherine of Siena
Diocese of Rome	patron	Philip Neri
Diocese of Rome	patron	Lawrence of Rome
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chittagong	patron	Our Lady of the Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dinajpur	patron	Saint Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Khulna	patron	Assumption of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mymensingh	patron	Saint Patrick
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rajshahi	patron	Good Shepherd
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Agra	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bhopal	patron	St Francis of Assisi
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kohima	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurunegala	patron	Saint Anne
Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Anuradhapura	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nagpur	patron	St Francis de Sales
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nagpur	patron	Our Lady of Lourdes
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madurai	patron	John de Brito
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Patna	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Trivandrum	patron	St Thérèse of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ootacamund	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vellore	patron	Mary Help of Christians
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vellore	patron	Dominic Savio
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vellore	patron	Maria Goretti
Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Varanasi	patron	St John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bellary	patron	St Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baruipur	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Raiganj	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Balasore	patron	Christ the King
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jammu–Srinagar	patron	Nativity of Mary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahmedabad	patron	St Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahmedabad	patron	Sacred Heart
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dindigul	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottar	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tuticorin	patron	Saint Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tuticorin	patron	Saint Thérèse of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amravati	patron	Our Lady of Sorrows
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amravati	patron	St Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kumbakonam	patron	St John de Brito
Roman Catholic Diocese of Salem	patron	Child Jesus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjore	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjore	patron	Our Lady of Good Health
Roman Catholic Diocese of Raigarh	patron	Michael the Archangel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Agartala	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Neyyattinkara	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Calicut	patron	St Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Punalur	patron	St Thérèse of Lisieux
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottapuram	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vijayapuram	patron	Immaculate Heart of Mary
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Goa and Daman	patron	Joseph Vaz
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dibrugarh	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilagan	patron	Ferdinand III of Castile
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cubao	patron	Immaculate Conception
Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo	patron	Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dipolog	patron	Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dipolog	patron	Saint Vincent Ferrer
Roman Catholic Diocese of Iligan	patron	Saint Michael the Archangel
Roman Catholic Diocese of Novaliches	patron	Good Shepherd
Roman Catholic Diocese of Iba	patron	Augustine of Hippo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian	patron	Santo Niño de Cebú
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarlac	patron	Saint Sebastian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gumaca	patron	Didacus of Alcalá
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucena	patron	Ferdinand III of Castile
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in the Philippines	patron	Saint Joseph, The Worker
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union	patron	William of Maleval
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose de Antique	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos	patron	St Charles Borromeo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabankalan	patron	St Francis Xavier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Digos	patron	Isidore the Laborer
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bacolod	patron	Saint Sebastian
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalibo	patron	Saint John the Baptist
Roman Catholic Diocese of Legazpi	patron	Our Lady of Salvation
Roman Catholic Diocese of Malaybalay	patron	Isidore the Laborer
Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate	patron	Anthony of Padua
Roman Catholic Diocese of Surigao	patron	Nicholas of Tolentino
Roman Catholic Diocese of Libmanan	patron	Saint Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Daet	patron	Saint Joseph
3rd Ship Flotilla	patron	Komandor Bolesław Romanowski
8th Coastal Defence Flotilla	patron	Admiral Kazimierz Porębski
Servite College	patron	St. Philip Benizi and St. Juliana Falconieri
Infant Jesus School Kollam	patron	Bishop of Kollam
Trinity Lyceum School, Kollam	patron	Bishop of Kollam
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palo	patron	Transfiguration of Our Lord
Saint Michael Academy	patron	St. Michael the Archangel and all Dominican saints
Iranian Gendarmerie	patron	Ahmad Shah Qajar
John Paul the Great Catholic High School	patron	Our Lady of Guadalupe
General Romualdas Giedraitis Artillery Battalion	patron	General Romualdas Giedraitis
Byelorussian Home Defence	patron	Radasłaŭ Astroŭski
Wehrmacht	patron	Adolf Hitler
PNS Karsaz	patron	Admiral
PNS Karsaz	patron	Asif Sandilla
PNS Karsaz	patron	Chief of Naval Staff
Bishop Anstey East	patron	Clare of Assisi
Army, Navy and Air Force Veterans in Canada	patron	Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom
125th Weather Flight	patron	Saint Amandus
Immaculate Conception High School	patron	Our Lady of Immaculate Conception
Gotland Artillery Regiment	patron	Saint Barbara
Colegio San José, San Germán, PR	patron	Saint Joseph
St. Anthony High School	patron	Christ the King and Saint Anthony of Padua
St. Dominic Savio Catholic High School	patron	Dominic Savio
Zerstörergeschwader 26	patron	Horst Wessel
St. Anselm's Ajmer	patron	St. Anselm
Calvert Hall College High School	patron	Jean-Baptiste de la Salle
DeMatha Catholic High School	patron	St. John of Matha
Estonian Red Riflemen	patron	Jaan Anvelt
St. Louis College of Valenzuela	patron	Aloysius Gonzaga
Ranks of the Bangladesh Army	patron	President
Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve	patron	Blessed Theodore Romzha
Jagdgeschwader 134	patron	Horst Wessel
Little Flower High School, Thane	patron	Thérèse of Lisieux
Firefighters Corps of Paraná State	patron	Pedro II of Brazil
Guards Division	patron	George V
St. Mark's School	patron	St. Mark
St. Anselm's Pink City Sr. Sec. School, Jaipur	patron	St. Anselm
133d Operations Group	patron	Splendentes in Defensione Latin Splendid in Defense
Venezuelan National Militia	patron	Divina Pastora
201st Infantry Battalion	patron	St Ignatius de Loyola
12th Field Artillery Regiment	patron	Saint Barbara
Mater Dei School	patron	Saint Angela
St. Vincent de Paul Parish School	patron	St. Vincent de Paul
St Pauls Catholic College	patron	St Paul
Military Firefighters Corps	patron	Pedro II of Brazil
Schutzmannschaft Front Bataillon 36 Arensburg	patron	SS-Oberführer
Schutzmannschaft Front Bataillon 36 Arensburg	patron	Hinrich Möller
Catholic Military Ordinariate of Australia	patron	Mary Help of Christians
54th Infantry Regiment	patron	Maurice d'Agaune
Mehal Sefari	patron	Emperor of Ethiopia
Greek Church and Greek School	patron	Saint Constantine and Saint Helena
Champagnat Catholic School	patron	Marcellin Champagnat
4th Infantry Division	patron	Ignatius of Loyola
59th Quartermaster Company	patron	Saint Martin of Tours
Hohenlohe Regiment	patron	Louis Aloysius, Prince of Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Bartenstein
Parramatta Marist High School	patron	Saint Marcellin Champagnat
St. Andrew's Episcopal School	patron	Andrew the Apostle
Military Bishopric of Argentina	patron	Our Lady of Luján
Legatus legionis	patron	Mars
Roman Catholic Diocese of Laoag	patron	William of Maleval
St John Bosco College, Lucknow	patron	Saint Don Bosco
Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of the United States of America and Canada	patron	Our Lady of Peace
Al Jahra Force	patron	Mubarak Abdullah Al-Sabah \nSaleh Mohammed Al-Sabah
Kampfgeschwader 27	patron	Oswald Boelcke
Stiftsgymnasium Melk	patron	Coloman of Stockerau
Lemer Public School	patron	M. A. Yousuf Ali
Xavier High School, Albury	patron	Francis Xavier
Mount Carmel High School	patron	St. Elijah
Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Pathanamthitta	patron	Thomas the Apostle
First Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
I Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
II Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
III Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
IV Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
V Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
VIII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
VII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
VI Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
IX Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
X Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XI Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XIII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XIV Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Fourth Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Sixth Army	patron	List of sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Eighth Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Ninth Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Eastern Army Group	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Yildirim Army Group	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Caucasus Army Group	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Dardanelles Fortified Area Command	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XV Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XVI Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XVII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
II Caucasian Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XXII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XXI Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XX Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XIX Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
I Caucasian Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XVIII Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Firzovik Detachment	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Taşlıca Detachment	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
İpek Detachment	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Struma Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Yanya Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Scutari Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Kırcaali Detachment	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Vardar Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Eastern Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Second Eastern Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Priştine Detachment	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Karadağ Border General Forces	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Chataldja Army	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
XXV Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Iraq Area Command	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Hejaz Expeditionary Force	patron	Sultan of the Ottoman Empire
Hejaz Corps	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
United States Army Coast Artillery Corps	patron	Saint Barbara
Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham	patron	Blessed John Henry Newman
St. Andrew's Episcopal School	patron	Saint Andrew
Serviam Girls Academy	patron	Angela Merici and Saint Ursula
St. Sebastian's School, Koodaranji	patron	St. Sebastian
John Paul II Catholic School	patron	Blessed Pope John Paul II
St. Raphael School	patron	Raphael
St. Joseph's Convent High School, Patna	patron	Mary Ward
Women's National Emergency Legion	patron	Enid Lyons
Virginia Centurione Bracelli School	patron	Saint Virginia Centurione Bracelli
Virginia Centurione Bracelli School	patron	Our Lady of Sorrows
GEMS Wellington International School	patron	Prince Michael of Kent
Holy Rosary Academy	patron	Our Lady of the Holy Rosary
1st Expeditionary Force	patron	Sultan of the Ottoman Empire
5th Expeditionary Force	patron	Sultans of the Ottoman Empire
183rd Field Artillery Battalion	patron	Saint Barbara
Pope John Paul II High School	patron	Pope John Paul II
157th Field Artillery Battalion	patron	Saint Barbara
St. Paul the Apostle Church and School	patron	St. Paul the Apostle
St John's College, Darwin	patron	John the Evangelist
Honor Guard Battalion	patron	Bartholomew the Apostle
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cloyne	patron	Colman of Cloyne
DePaul Cristo Rey High School	patron	St. Vincent de Paul
St. Agnes School	patron	Agnes of Rome
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Ooty	patron	St. Joseph
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalookan	patron	Saint Roch
3rd Colorado Infantry Regiment	patron	William Larimer
Tilak Public School	patron	Bal Gangadhar Tilak
St. Anthony's School, Teluk Intan	patron	Anthony of Padua
1st Mechanised Division	patron	Tadeusz Kościuszko
11th Armoured Cavalry Division	patron	Jan III Sobieski
Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Princesa	patron	Immaculate Conception
Saint Michael the Archangel High School	patron	St. Michael the Archangel
Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter	patron	Our Lady of Walsingham
Territorial Abbey of Tokwon	patron	Saint Benedict of Nursia
Saint Bernadette College of Alabang	patron	St. Bernadette
Stefan Batory Gymnasium and Lyceum	patron	Stefan Batory
Colegio Claret	patron	Saint Anthony Mary Claret
Don Bosco Technical High School	patron	St. John Bosco
2nd Dragoon Regiment	patron	Louis, Grand Condé
3-108th Cavalry Regiment	patron	Saint George
Dominican School Manila	patron	St. Dominic De Guzman
Shree Jain Vidyalaya	patron	Mahavir
White House Grammar School	patron	Mehmood-ul-Haq Usmani , Dr. Salimuzzaman Siddiqui , Hakeem Muhammad Ahsan , Mir Khalil ur Rehman, Mr Haroon Saad , Dr. Atta ur Rahman, Dr. Zia-ul-Haq Usmani, Dr. Ismail Saad
Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross	patron	St Augustine of Canterbury
St. Peter's School, Waldorf	patron	Saint Peter
Carmel Junior College	patron	Veronica of the Passion
Taktisches Luftwaffengeschwader 31	patron	Oswald Boelcke
Sacred Heart Apostolic School	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus
Novitiate and College of Humanities of the Legionaries of Christ	patron	Sacred Heart
Novitiate and College of Humanities of the Legionaries of Christ	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
112th Field Artillery Regiment	patron	Saint Barbara
Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Marthandom	patron	St. Paul and St. Therese of Lisieux
St. Anselm's North City School, Jaipur	patron	St. Anselm
St. Leo the Great School	patron	Pope Leo I
Corps of Naval Engineering	patron	Saint Barbara
St. Anne's Convent School, Chandigarh	patron	St. Anne
Bangladesh Air Force Shaheen College, Dhaka	patron	Air Chief Marshal Abu Esrar, BBP,ndc, acsc
Orthodox Archdiocese of Beirut	patron	St. George
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of San Charbel in Buenos Aires	patron	Charbel Makhluf
St. Charles Borromeo School	patron	St. Charles Borromeo
Saint Mary Goreti Secondary School	patron	Our Lady of Kilimanjaro
Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of El Beni	patron	Trinity
St. Aloysius Senior Secondary School	patron	Aloysius Gonzaga
École secondaire catholique Saint-Frère-André	patron	St. Brother André Bessette
San Marco Marine Brigade	patron	Saint Mark
Pope John Senior High School and Minor Seminary	patron	Sacred Heart of Jesus and St. John
Cuncacestre	patron	Saint Cuthbert
St Declan's School, Dublin	patron	Declán of Ardmore
Thrissur Diocese	patron	Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception
MGJSM	patron	St. Gregorios Geevarghese
MGJSM Pallikkara Region	patron	St. Gregorios Geevarghese
St Stanislas College, Delft	patron	Stanislaus Kostka
St. Stephen's High School	patron	Saint Stephen
8th Parachute Assault Engineer Regiment	patron	Michael
Albertus Magnus Academy	patron	Albertus Magnus
Trivium School	patron	Sedes Sapientiae
Escola Secundária Eça de Queirós	patron	José Maria de Eça de Queirós
103rd Field Artillery Regiment	patron	Saint Barbara
St. Mary Parish School	patron	Mary, Mother of Jesus
Syro-Malabar Eparchy of Palai	patron	Immaculate Conception
Syro-Malabar Eparchy of Palai	patron	Thomas the Apostle
Frassati Catholic High School	patron	Pier Giorgio Frassati
St Charles Borromeo Seminary	patron	Saint Charles Borromeo
St. Denis Ssebugwawo Secondary School	patron	Named for St. Denis Ssebugwawo
St. George's Higher Secondary School	patron	St. George
Raghumal Arya Vidyalaya	patron	Swami Dayananda Saraswati
Nagle Catholic College	patron	Venerable Nano Nagle\nBlessed Edmund Rice
Christ the King College	patron	Christ the King
Believers Church Residential School	patron	K. P. Yohannan
307th Infantry Regiment	patron	Order of Saint Maurice
Syro-Malankara Catholic Exarchate of Khadki	patron	St. Ephrem
Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Gurgaon	patron	St. John Chrysostom
Our Lady of Victory	patron	Mary
St. Joseph's Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School	patron	Saint Joseph
1st Regiment Greek Light Infantry	patron	Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany
St Johns Senior High	patron	St John the Evangelist
Guard Hussar Regiment Mounted Squadron	patron	Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
Javahar Navoday Vidyalay Jatnangla, Hindaun City	patron	Central Board of Secondary Education
Bakhrabad Gas Adarsha Bidhalaya	patron	Bakhrabad Gas Distribution Company Limited
St. John's School, Sekondi	patron	St. John the Evangelist
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussels	patron	Rumbold of Mechelen
Presidential Life Guard Dragoons Regiment	patron	Domingo Nieto
6th Foreign Engineer Regiment	patron	Saint Barbara
Philippine Constabulary Band	patron	William Howard Taft
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Cairo	patron	Saint Joseph
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Cyprus	patron	Our Lady of Grace
Peterhouse Boys' School	patron	Saint Peter
Apostolic Exarchate of Lemkowszczyzna	patron	Blessed Virgin Mary
Peterhouse Girls' School	patron	Saint Peter
Our Lady of Mount Carmel School	patron	Our Lady of Mount Carmel
St. Rocco School	patron	St. Rocco
St. Boniface High School	patron	St. Boniface
Military of the Afsharid dynasty of Persia	patron	Shah
St Paul's College, Ballarat	patron	St Paul
Dominican Academy	patron	St. Dominic de Guzman
St. Anthony Catholic School	patron	Saint Anthony of Padua
St. John's School for the Deaf	patron	John the Evangelist
St. Thomas-St. Vincent Orphanage	patron	Thomas the Apostle
St. Thomas-St. Vincent Orphanage	patron	St. Vincent de Paul
St. Joseph Catholic Seminary	patron	St. Joseph
St. Theresa's Girls' Higher Secondary School	patron	Saint Thérèse of Lisieux
St. Paul of Thebes Church, Dharmanathapuram	patron	Paul of Thebes
St. Mary's Catholic Model High School	patron	Mary, mother of Jesus
97 Battery	patron	Saint Barbara
Saint Francis School Deoghar	patron	Francis of Assisi
St. Xavier's High School, Surat	patron	St. Francis Xavier
Casimir the Great High School in Zduńska Wola	patron	Casimir the Great
St Francis Xavier's College, Hamilton	patron	Francis Xavier
