Battle of Stalingrad	notes	aOver 10,000 Axis soldiers continued to fight until early March 1943.
Continuation War	notes	1
Continuation War	notes	--12-06
Iran–Iraq War	notes	&sup1; The exact number of Iraqi Shia that fought alongside Iran is unknown. The Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq and Islamic Dawa Party supported Iran during the war. Iran would sometimes organise divisions of Iraqi POWs to fight against Iraq.
Russian Revolution	notes	--03-15
The Troubles	notes	Civilians killed: 1,841
The Troubles	notes	Total dead: 3,532
The Troubles	notes	Total injured: 47,500+
The Troubles	notes	All casualties: 50,000+
Toledo War	notes	In exchange for ceding the Toledo Strip, all of what is now known as the Upper Peninsula was included within Michigan's bounds when it was admitted into the Union in 1837 .
USS Liberty incident	notes	[*]Both nations officially attributed the attack by Israel as being due to mistaken identification.
War of the Spanish Succession	notes	a. Great Britain from May 1707, previously the Kingdoms of England and Scotland
War of 1812	notes	*  * Some militias operated in only their own regions.\n*
War of 1812	notes	Killed in action
War of 1812	notes	*  ‡ A locally raised
War of 1812	notes	Coastal protection
War of 1812	notes	and seminaval force on the
War of 1812	notes	Great Lakes
War of 1812	notes	.
Battle of Salamis	notes	a Herodotus gives 378 ships of the alliance, but his numbers add up to 371.
Battle of Salamis	notes	b As suggested by several ancient sources;
Battle of Salamis	notes	c Modern estimates
Attack on Pearl Harbor	notes	Civilian casualties68 killed
Attack on Pearl Harbor	notes	35
Attack on Pearl Harbor	notes	3
Second Intifada	notes	*For the controversial issue of the Palestinian civilian/combatant breakdown, see [[#Casualties
Fall of Constantinople	notes	* a: Figures according to recent estimates and Ottoman archival data. The Ottoman Empire, for demographic reasons, would not have been able to put more than 80,000 men into the field at the time.\n* b: Figures according to contemporaneous Western/Christian estimates\n* c: More specifically, the Byzantine Empire under the Palaiologos dynasty\n* d: The Kingdom of Sicily mainly donated ships and a few soldiers, it was not official however, and was done by several Cardinals.\n* e: The Venetians decided to make a peace treaty with the Ottomans in September 1451, because their Doge was on good terms already with the Ottomans and they did not want to ruin a relationship. They also did not want the Ottomans to interfere with their trade in the Black Sea and Mediterranean. The Venetians' efforts mainly included giving Constantine XI ships and a total of 800 soldiers in February 1453. The Venetians also promised that a larger fleet would arrive to save Constantine, this fleet would be full of ammunition, fresh soldiers and supplies. This fleet never came.\n* f: The Genoese captain Giovanni Giustiniani Longo was wounded in battle, but managed to escape, he died during the early days of June 1453.
Battle of Mogadishu	notes	*Note: Task Force Ranger achieved the mission objectives of capturing specific Aidid lieutenants, but the political fallout from the resultant battle and consequent eventual U.S. withdrawal from Somalia could classify this as a Pyrrhic victory.
Queen Anne's War	notes	Casualties are not known for Acadian populations, or for the actions in Newfoundland.
Battle of Narva	notes	About 12,300 men of which 1,800 were stationed in
Battle of Narva	notes	Narva
Battle of Narva	notes	with 297
Battle of Narva	notes	Artillery
Battle of Narva	notes	and 10,537  assaulting the
Battle of Narva	notes	Russia
Battle of Narva	notes	ns.
Battle of Narva	notes	Up to 37,000 men of which 4,000 were deployed at the
Battle of Narva	notes	Siege
Battle of Narva	notes	-works with 125 artillery pieces and 33,000  facing the
Battle of Narva	notes	Sweden
Battle of Narva	notes	.
Battle of Narva	notes	Reports of 31
Battle of Narva	notes	Officer
Battle of Narva	notes	s and 636
Battle of Narva	notes	Private
Battle of Narva	notes	s dead, 66 officers and 1,181 privates wounded. Another report claims almost 900 dead Swedish troops
Battle of Narva	notes	Almost the entire Russian force was either killed or captured during the battle . 8,000 Russians were reported killed and another 1,000 drowned. Over 20,000 were captured and disarmed but later set free and allowed march to Russia . 23,000 out of initially 37,000 Russians managed to reach back to Russian land, estimating the Russian final casualties to about 14,000 either dead during the battle or the harsh march back to Russia. The Swedes also seized 171
Battle of Narva	notes	Colours, standards and guidons
Battle of Narva	notes	145
Battle of Narva	notes	Cannon
Battle of Narva	notes	s, 28
Battle of Narva	notes	Mortar
Battle of Narva	notes	and four
Battle of Narva	notes	Howitzer
Battle of Narva	notes	s as well as 24,000
Battle of Narva	notes	Musket
Battle of Narva	notes	s.
First Opium War	notes	1
Second Opium War	notes	1
Battle of Fleurus	notes	John Childs gives the strengths as 40,000 for Luxembourg and 30,000 for Waldeck
Battle of Arnhem	notes	*More details of the German strength can be found in the 'German forces' section
Battle of Arnhem	notes	#More detailed information is available in the 'losses' sections
Invasion of Grenada	notes	Civilian casualties:
Invasion of Grenada	notes	24
Second Chechen War	notes	*The Committee of soldiers' mothers group disputed the official government count of the number of war dead and claimed that 14,000 Russian servicemen were killed during the war from 1999 to 2005.
Cod Wars	notes	3
Battle of Bir Hakeim	notes	Bir Hakeim attacked by the Ariete Division early in battle, then by mixed force of Trieste and 90th Light divisions
Greek War of Independence	notes	Civilian deaths: estimated as high as 105,000
Dominion War	notes	800000000
Flagstaff War	notes	*Casualties of the Māori allied with the British are unknown.
Sand Creek massacre	notes	*Native American losses include civilian casualties.
Sri Lankan Civil War	notes	--05-16
Sri Lankan Civil War	notes	--05-17
Sri Lankan Civil War	notes	--05-19
Saratoga campaign	notes	1777.0
Battle of Myriokephalon	notes	*Possibly heavy
Battle of Fuzhou	notes	--08-31
Battle of Fuzhou	notes	The total number of Chinese casualties stands at 2,000 or 3,000 for the entire conflict
St Nazaire Raid	notes	* Does not include aircraft crews
St Nazaire Raid	notes	^ Includes civilians on board HMS Campbeltown when she exploded. ^ The numbers of German troops killed during the raid are not known.
Siege of Fort Texas	notes	Other Casualties: 3 Mexican prisoners wounded
Franco-Swedish War	notes	--03-09
Albanian resistance during World War II	notes	Total casualties:~57,000
Lebanese Civil War	notes	120000
Battle of Worringen	notes	a: A substantial proportion of the male members of the House of Luxembourg lost their lives as a result of this battle.
Caste War of Yucatán	notes	*The war was declared over several times though hostile conflict between the Mexicans and Mayans continued until 1933.
Sicilian Expedition	notes	Alcibiades began the conflict as one of the Athenian commanders, but was recalled to Athens to face trial and subsequently defected to Sparta
Warsaw Uprising	notes	150000
Battle of Dorylaeum	notes	*Perhaps 2,000 knights and 8,000 men at arms, no more than 3,000 knights and 12,000-foot.
Battle of Karbala	notes	--10-10
Battle of Svolder	notes	There are no detailed contemporary sources. Information such as the number of ships cannot be regarded as reliable history.
First Jewish–Roman War	notes	According to Josephus, 1.1 million non-combatants died in Jerusalem, mainly as a result of the violence and famine. Many of the casualties were actually foreigners who had wanted to experience the festivities around Passover but instead got trapped in the chaotic siege.
First Jewish–Roman War	notes	He also tells us that 97,000 were enslaved.
First Jewish–Roman War	notes	Matthew White, The Great Big Book of Horrible Things  p.52, estimates the combined death toll for the First and Third Roman Jewish Wars as being approximately 350,000
Yugoslav Wars	notes	Total deaths: ≈140,000+ Displaced: ≈4,000,000
USS Panay incident	notes	Civilian casualties: 2 killed, 5 wounded\n\nUSS Panay incident
Operation Enduring Freedom – Philippines	notes	Causes:
Operation Enduring Freedom – Philippines	notes	CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion
Operation Enduring Freedom – Philippines	notes	Islamic insurgency in the Philippines
Operation Enduring Freedom – Philippines	notes	--09-11
Operation Slapstick	notes	The Field Ambulance units in the division treated 2,150 casualties, between the landing and being withdrawn. Not all of these were from the 1st Airborne Division.
Second Italo-Ethiopian War	notes	1
Second Italo-Ethiopian War	notes	--05-06
Greco-Turkish War	notes	*according to Turkish sources 20,826 Greek prisoners were taken. Of those about 740 officers and 13,000 soldiers arrived in Greece during the prisoner exchange in 1923. The rest presumably died in captivity and are listed among the \
Greco-Turkish War	notes	**Greece took 22,071 military and civilian prisoners. Of those were 520 officers and 6,002 soldiers. During the prisoner exchange in 1923, 329 officers, 6,002 soldiers and 9,410 civilian prisoners arrived in Turkey. The remaining 6,330, mostly civilian prisoners, presumably died in Greek captivity.\n* The Turkish Grand National Assembly was opened in 1920.\n* Kuva-yi Milliye operated independently between 1919–20 until it was put under the control of the Grand National Assembly.
Battle of Caporetto	notes	600000
Turkish War of Independence	notes	*
Turkish War of Independence	notes	--09-04
Turkish War of Independence	notes	For further information, see the
Turkish War of Independence	notes	Red Army invasion of Georgia
Turkish War of Independence	notes	.\n*
Turkish War of Independence	notes	The Ottoman controlled
Turkish War of Independence	notes	Kuva-i Inzibatiye
Turkish War of Independence	notes	engaged the Turkish revolutionaries during the Battle of İzmit and the Ottoman government in Constantinople supported other revolts .\n*
Turkish War of Independence	notes	Greece took 22,071 military and civilian prisoners. Of these were 520 officers and 6,002 soldiers. During the prisoner exchange in 1923, 329 officers, 6,002 soldiers and 9,410 civilian prisoners arrived in Turkey. The remaining 6,330, mostly civilian prisoners, presumably died in Greek captivity.
Indo-Pakistani War of 1947	notes	Conflict started when Pashtun tribal forces, and later Indian and Pakistani Army regulars, entered the princely state of Kashmir and Jammu.
Battle of Mount Tumbledown	notes	The British capture of heights above Stanley leads to the surrender of the town shortly afterwards.
Operation Plunder	notes	Operation Varsity was the airborne component of Plunder
First Battle of Ypres	notes	--10-15
Operation Pedestal	notes	One of the British aircraft carriers sailed on the concurrent Operation Bellows. The two damaged Italian cruisers were out of action for the rest of the war.
Bosnian War	notes	(a) From 1992 to 1994, the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina was not supported by the majority of Bosnian Croats and Serbs . Consequently, it represented mainly the Bosniak ethnic group in Bosnia and Herzegovina itself. The post-war Bosnia and Herzegovina encompasses all three Bosnian ethnic groups.
Bosnian War	notes	----\n(b) Between 1994 and 1995, the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina was supported by, and represented, both ethnic Bosniaks and Bosnian Croats. This was primarily because of the Washington Agreement.
Siege of Veracruz	notes	Civilian Casualties: ~100 to 500 killed
Bangladesh Liberation War	notes	Civilian death: Estimates range between 300,000 and 3 million.
1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt	notes	Placed under house arrest at Foros.
1993 Russian constitutional crisis	notes	Declared himself Acting President of the Russian Federation
Irish Confederate Wars	notes	Total dead: 200,000–620,000
Battle of Pteria	notes	1
Battle of Pteria	notes	2
Operation Praying Mantis	notes	Cited by United States Naval Academy Prof. Craig L. Symonds as being decisive in establishing U.S. naval superiority.
Cudgel War	notes	The strength varied in different engagements and from some of them there are approximations
Warsaw Ghetto Uprising	notes	According to Stroop's unofficial account, 71,000 people in all were killed or deported. The 16 killed on the German side do not include Jewish forced collaborators.
Mercenary War	notes	* Not Hannibal Barca, but a different general of the same name.
Mercenary War	notes	**Presumed executed. His death is not explicitly mentioned in the sources, but his capture and torture are.
Bar Kokhba revolt	notes	[a] - per Cassius Dio
Bar Kokhba revolt	notes	[b] - according to Rabbinic sources
Altmark Incident	notes	299
War in the Vendée	notes	Inhabitants of the Vendee: ~ 170,000 military and civilians killed
War in the Vendée	notes	170000
East African Campaign	notes	AOI casualties exclude Giuba and the eastern front
Battle of Arras	notes	† See ''[[#Casualties
Battle of Sunda Strait	notes	*The Japanese minelayer was sunk by friendly fire
Battle of Cresson	notes	*Note: Gökböri's force was said to consist of 7,000 men though this is a huge exaggeration, 700 seeming more likely.
War of the League of Cognac	notes	Died of the plague during the Siege of Naples .
Abkhaz–Georgian conflict	notes	1
Comanche Wars	notes	Texas Comanche wars 1836 &ndash; 1875
Battle of Greece	notes	1
Battle of Greece	notes	2
Battle of Greece	notes	--05-04
Battle of Morval	notes	Casualty statistics are incomplete and German losses at Morval are a portion of the September total.
Battle of Fromelles	notes	The front line in the area of Fromelles had changed little, after the Battle of Neuve Chapelle .
Jewish–Roman wars	notes	[a] - per Cassius Dio
Jewish–Roman wars	notes	[b] - according to Rabbinic sources
Jewish–Roman wars	notes	[c] - per Josephus
Battle of Ambon	notes	300
Siege of Jerusalem	notes	According to Josephus, 1.1 million non-combatants died in Jerusalem, mainly as a result of the violence and famine. Many of the casualties were observant Jews from across the world such as Babylon and Egypt who had travelled to Jerusalem wanting to celebrate the yearly Passover but instead got trapped in the chaotic siege.
Siege of Jerusalem	notes	He also tells us that 97,000 were enslaved.
Siege of Jerusalem	notes	Matthew White, The Great Big Book of Horrible Things  p.52, estimates the combined death toll for the First and Third Roman Jewish Wars as being approximately 350,000
Battle of Arras	notes	170
Battle of Kambula	notes	Out of the 65 wounded British soldiers, 11 died from fatal wounds sustained in action. There is no count or record of Zulu wounded or taken prisoner.
Battle of Apache Pass	notes	*Nine civilians were killed before the battle just outside Apache Pass, prompting Colonel Carleton to build Fort Bowie.
Ghost Dance War	notes	Native American losses include civilian casualties.
First Liberian Civil War	notes	Total killed: 400,000 – 620,000 including civilians
Ecuadorian–Peruvian War	notes	At the beginning of offensive, numbers have been estimated between 15,200 and 30,000 men.
Sudetendeutsches Freikorps	notes	Violence led large number of Jews, Czechs and anti-fascist Germans to flee from borderlands further to inland Czechoslovakia. Following restoration of order by Czechoslovak authorities, tens of thousands of pro-Nazi ethnic Germans fled to Germany to avoid either arrest or Czechoslovak army mobilization order.
Sudetendeutsches Freikorps	notes	Violence led large number of Jews, Czechs and anti-fascist Germans to flee from borderlands further to inland Czechoslovakia. Clashes continued also after Czechoslovakia ceded the borderlands to Germany.
Action of 8 July 1716	notes	No ships were sunk in this action.
Battle of Gadebusch	notes	The Swedes had 19 battalions and 54  squadrons with an effective fighting force of between 12,000 and 14,000 men  and 20 or 30 cannons. Reportedly, the Swedish army counted 10,600 men after the battle, which, if the artillery crew of 300 men and the 1,600 losses is applied, presents a figure of 12,500 men.
Battle of Gadebusch	notes	The Danes had 19  battalions and 46  squadrons with an effective fighting force of between 13,200 and 16,000 men  and 14 cannons. The Saxons had 32 squadrons  with between 3,000 and 3,800 men. In total, the Danes and Saxons had 19 battalions and 78 squadrons with between 17,000 and 20,000 men.
Battle of Gadebusch	notes	The Swedish losses were 29 officers killed, 62 officers wounded with between 491 and 521 commons killed and between 895 and 960 wounded. The higher number is regarded the more reliable one.
Battle of Gadebusch	notes	The Danes and Saxons had sustained over 2,000 or possibly 3,000 men killed in the battle. Up to 4,000 or 4,500 had been captured  of which a third, or about 1,500 men, were wounded. The amount of wounded which slipped away in the retreat is unknown. Furthermore, 13 cannons, 2 drums and 13
Battle of Gadebusch	notes	Colours, standards and guidons
Battle of Gadebusch	notes	s were lost to the Swedes.
Rhodesian Bush War	notes	7790
Rhodesian Bush War	notes	468
Tajikistani Civil War	notes	Primarily aligned with the UTO, though very briefly operated independently in 1997.\nThe Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, which was headed by the Taliban and governed 90% of Afghanistan, officially declared their neutrality in the conflict, though several Taliban factions went on to fight on the side of the opposition nonetheless.
Colombian conflict	notes	: Demobilized
Colombian conflict	notes	: Dismantled
1992 Peruvian constitutional crisis	notes	--11-26
Battle of Imbros	notes	No ships were sunk in this action.
Operation Searchlight	notes	Civilian death toll: Estimated several hundred thousands Bengali civilians.
Battle of Christmas Island	notes	--03-10
Raid on Deerfield	notes	The total number of people inside the palisade at the time of the attack was 291 people.  In addition to the villagers, this included the 20 outside militia and 3 French traders.
Battle of Corydon	notes	1
Revolt of the Comuneros	notes	--02-03
Sectarian violence in Iraq	notes	N.B.: The factional situation is complex; Sunni- and Shi'ite-linked militias have also fought amongst each other, and have colluded with government forces. Some casualties also linked to the crime activities and not due to the war. See the full text for details.
Battle of Lenino	notes	See section on casualties for further details.
War of the Eight Saints	notes	αUntil 1377
War of the Eight Saints	notes	βFrom 1377
Battle of Cherbourg	notes	*38 to 41 Confederate sailors were rescued by a British yacht and escaped capture.
Siege of Neuss	notes	a: Cologne had been effectively independent of the Archbishopric-Electorate since the Battle of Worringen in 1288, but did not become de jure independent until granted Imperial immediacy in the aftermath of this siege.
Cantabrian Wars	notes	The casualties are unusual in that both the Roman army did not take prisoners, nor did the Cantabri or Astures allow themselves to be taken alive as slaves. The result was a massive slaughter of Cantabri and Astures at the end of the conflict.
Arauco War	notes	1
Middle Eastern theatre of World War I	notes	Total 5,000,000 including civilians. The breakdown of Ottoman casualties is listed under Ottoman casualties of World War I
Battle of Portland Harbor	notes	*The Union revenue cutter USRC Caleb Cushing was captured and scuttled by the Confederates during the battle.
July Days	notes	After the demonstration, the Bolshevik Pravda newspaper and Central Committee was captured and destroyed by black-hundreds militia.
Battle of Canton	notes	Casualties source:
Roman–Persian Wars	notes	1
Roman–Persian Wars	notes	2
Yorktown campaign	notes	Force strengths are maximums marshalled during and shortly after the siege of Yorktown.
Battle of Tegyra	notes	First recorded occasion on which a Spartan hoplite force was defeated by a numerically inferior force in a set battle.
Battle of Kliszów	notes	The Swedish army in the battle had an official paperstrength of 16,230 men with 4 four–pounder guns, but in reality only between 10,000 and 12,000 men  was fit for combat due to famine, disease and exhaustion.
Battle of Kliszów	notes	The Saxon army in the battle had an official paperstrength of 22,230 men  with 46 artillery pieces, but in reality only between 15,000 and 18,000 men  was fit for combat due to famine, disease and exhaustion. The Polish–Lithuanian force had an official paperstrength of about 12,000 men  with 4 or 5 artillery pieces. However, at least a third of these were civilians and not combat personal giving the total number between 6,000 and 8,000 men, mainly cavalry.
Battle of Kliszów	notes	The Swedes had 300 men killed and between 500 and 900 wounded, with 800 wounded being the widely accepted number. Furthermore, two men had been captured, one of them being an officer. One standard was also lost.
Battle of Kliszów	notes	The combined Saxon–Polish–Lithuanian army had around 2,000 men killed on the battlefield, more precisely about 1,800 men according to some sources. More men was killed during the retreat but their figure is unknown. About 1,700 men were captured, of which 1,100 were unharmed. In total, about 1,500 Saxons and Poles were wounded. The Saxons lost all their artillery, war chest and King August's entire baggage as well as 60
Battle of Kliszów	notes	Colours, standards and guidons
Battle of Kliszów	notes	s.
Taos Revolt	notes	Civilian Casualties: ~20 killed
Battle of Lake Poyang	notes	a Wakeman , p. 8, n. 37.
Battle of Lake Poyang	notes	b TTSL, 13/165, quoted in Hok-lam Chan , p. 703.
Provisional Irish Republican Army campaign	notes	Others killed by IRA
Provisional Irish Republican Army campaign	notes	621
Provisional Irish Republican Army campaign	notes	1
Provisional Irish Republican Army campaign	notes	6
Provisional Irish Republican Army campaign	notes	9
Battle of Lechaeum	notes	This battle marked the first occasion in Greek history where a force composed primarily of light troops defeated a hoplite force.
William Wells	notes	Following Wells' 1891 Medal of Honor for the charge, his statue was erected on the 1913 1st Vermont monument.
Asian and Pacific theatre of World War I	notes	a Surrender of Hermann Detzner's unit.
Dutch–Hanseatic War	notes	a: Eric of Pomerania was deposed as king of Denmark and Sweden in 1439, but retained the Norwegian throne until 1442, when Christopher of Bavaria succeeded in restoring the Kalmar Union of the three Scandinavian countries.
Dutch–Hanseatic War	notes	--04-09
Iraq War	notes	* \
Iraq War	notes	** Total deaths include all additional deaths due to increased lawlessness, degraded infrastructure, poorer healthcare, etc.
Liberation of Arnhem	notes	*More details of the German strength can be found in the German forces section
Liberation of Arnhem	notes	#More detailed information is available in the [[#Aftermath
Battle of Saragarhi	notes	600
Actions of the Hohenzollern Redoubt	notes	The German 117th Division lost
Actions of the Hohenzollern Redoubt	notes	6572
Actions of the Hohenzollern Redoubt	notes	during the Battle of Loos.
Chadian–Libyan conflict	notes	Chad received aid from France, Zaire, and the United States, while Libya was backed by the GUNT
Battle of Summit Springs	notes	Civilian Casualties 1 killed 1 wounded
Chilcotin War	notes	15
2006 Lebanon War	notes	*It was widely reported that most of those killed were civilians. The Lebanese government does not differentiate between civilians and combatants in death toll figures.
2006 Lebanon War	notes	For total casualty figures, see: Casualties of the 2006 Lebanon War\n\n **5 tanks were damaged beyond repair , 22 tanks received armor penetrations, and 52 tanks suffered some form of damage. other sources claim 20 main battle tanks destroyed.
Japanese invasion of Taiwan	notes	*531 Japanese troops are said to have died of disease during the expedition and occupation.
Kengir uprising	notes	1
Kengir uprising	notes	2
Afghan Civil War	notes	Wahdat worked with the Islamic Government of Afghanistan until it withdrew in late 1992 joining Hezb-i Islami. Dostum, previously allied with Massoud, joined forces with Hekmatyar in 1994. Harakat remaining allied to Jamiat generally fought with Wahdat against Ittehad, however occasionally it fought against Wahdat as well. In 1995 Massoud and the ISA forces were able to control most of Kabul.
Apalachee massacre	notes	This battle was the major event of the campaigns by Moore and the Creek Indians against Spanish Florida.
Dawson massacre	notes	*Casualties for the Battle of Salado Creek are not included.
World War II in Yugoslavia	notes	Civilians killed: ~581,000\nTotal Yugoslav casualties: ~1,200,000
World War II in Yugoslavia	notes	a
World War II in Yugoslavia	notes	b
World War II in Yugoslavia	notes	c
World War II in Yugoslavia	notes	d
Ten Tragic Days	notes	Victoriano Huerta switched from Pro-Madero to Anti-Madero during the ten tragic days
Blockade of Wonsan	notes	*Many of the damaged American warships were struck more than once on different occasions.
Red Turban Rebellion	notes	a Wakeman , p. 8, n. 37.
Red Turban Rebellion	notes	b TTSL, 13/165, quoted in Hok-lam Chan , p. 703.
Siege of Kazan	notes	1
Siege of Kazan	notes	2
Siege of Kazan	notes	3
Military operations during the Turkish invasion of Cyprus	notes	Only military casualties are included in this table.
Operation Cottage	notes	* USS Abner Read struck a stray Japanese mine during the operation, totaling 118 casualties.\n*The friendly fire incident left 50 wounded on either side.
Occupation of Constantinople	notes	1
Occupation of Constantinople	notes	2
Mexican Drug War	notes	3.68172E7
Mexican Drug War	notes	Total displaced: 1.6 million
Operation Enduring Freedom – Horn of Africa	notes	Dis: Disbanded
Operation Enduring Freedom – Horn of Africa	notes	*: Former commanders
Occupation of Araucanía	notes	--11-03
Occupation of Araucanía	notes	--11-10
Battle of Qurna	notes	Approximate figures
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	Total casualties:
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	Hundreds to thousands killed , 25,000
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	2000
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	250000
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	1
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	2
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	3
Houthi insurgency in Yemen	notes	4
Sectarianism in Pakistan	notes	N.B.: The factional situation is complex; Sunni [Wahabis] have killed Shiite's in Pakistan and have colluded with government forces.
Operation Enduring Freedom – Trans Sahara	notes	--09-11
Battle of Samara Bend	notes	1
Siege of Bilär	notes	1
Siege of Bilär	notes	2
Mytilenean revolt	notes	The suppression of the revolt in 427 BC was followed by a famous debate at Athens in which the assembly ordered the execution of the entire male population of Mytilene, but then reversed that order a day later.
Battle of Verrières Ridge	notes	Discussed in detail in [[#Casualties
Operation Nasr	notes	SRE.htm
Battle of Kabul	notes	Wahdat worked with the Islamic government of Afghanistan until it withdrew in late 1992 joining Hezb-i Islami. Dostum, previously allied with Massoud, joined forces with Hekmatyar in 1994. Harakat remaining allied to Jamiat generally fought with Wahdat against Ittehad, however, occasionally it fought against Wahdat as well. In 1995 Massoud and the ISA forces were able to control most of Kabul. Pakistan stopped support to Hekmatyar in 1995, and supported the Taliban instead. Without Pakistani support, and with the arrival of the Taliban Hekmatyar stopped fighting against the Islamic State of Afghanistan.
Tondern raid	notes	First carrier-launched strike
Achaidh Leithdeircc	notes	Battle site disputed between: Aghaderg parish - Barony of Dartree - Barony of Farney.
Siege of Tripolitsa	notes	1
Siege of Tripolitsa	notes	10.0
Second Battle of Passchendaele	notes	--11-11
Kurdish–Turkish conflict	notes	Turkish Hezbollah also known as Kurdish Hezbollah or just Hizbullah in Turkey, is a mainly Sunni Islamist militant organization, active against the Kurdistan Workers' Party  and the Government of Turkey.
Battle of Guam	notes	*13 Americans civilians and five POWs were killed by Japanese forces during the battle.\n*Three Japanese infiltrators were captured by American forces but were released upon the surrender of the island.
Battle of Yongqiu	notes	Followed by Battle of Suiyang
Battle of Suiyang	notes	Follows the Battle of Yongqiu
Battle of Durazzo	notes	*One Greek merchant steamer and two schooners were sunk at Durazzo during the battle.
Battle of Skerki Bank	notes	1
Battle of Skerki Bank	notes	2
War in North-West Pakistan	notes	20506
War in North-West Pakistan	notes	35600
War in North-West Pakistan	notes	Over 3.44 million civilians displaced
Texas–Indian wars	notes	Texas Comanche wars 1820–1875
Annexation of Portuguese India	notes	Governor-General.
World War II in Yugoslav Macedonia	notes	Total casualties: 24,000
World War II in Yugoslav Macedonia	notes	By nationality:
World War II in Yugoslav Macedonia	notes	By affiliation:
World War II in Yugoslav Macedonia	notes	Other:
Operation JM	notes	*10,000 removed from the service in 2006 combat wounds and leishmaniasis related.
Battle of Long Sault	notes	*Both the Iroquois and the French used war-canoes during the engagement. Two of the Iroquois canoes were damaged and all of the French canoes were destroyed.\n*The one French prisoner was later killed after the battle.
South Armagh Sniper	notes	Another soldier in Belfast and an RUC officer in County Fermanagh were killed by IRA snipers in the same period
Blockade of Porto Bello	notes	Most British casualties were due to yellow fever and other tropical diseases.
Scottish–Norwegian War	notes	[1]: Magnus III of Orkney did not participate in the war; however, he would remain nominal head of the forces who participated in the war from the Earldom of Orkney.\n[2]: Haakon IV of Norway died during the war, according to some historians, even though he resided in Orkney, the war was still ongoing.
Unification of Saudi Arabia	notes	8000
Gaza–Israel conflict	notes	Prime Minister of Israel
Gaza–Israel conflict	notes	since April 2009.
Gaza–Israel conflict	notes	Prime Minister 2006–2009.
Gaza–Israel conflict	notes	Defense Minister of Israel
Gaza–Israel conflict	notes	.
Gaza–Israel conflict	notes	Chief of General Staff
Operation Morvarid	notes	The day of that naval victory  is celebrated in Iran as Navy Day
Battle of Gloucester	notes	*One of the two American schooners had been captured by the British and was freed during the battle.\n*Ten colonists impressed for naval service were freed by the American militia during the battle.
Djiboutian–Eritrean border conflict	notes	* No official figures from Eritrean sources
Djiboutian–Eritrean border conflict	notes	Djibouti was supported by France. Though French troops provided logistical, medical and intelligence support, France was not an active participant in hostilities.
Raid on Yarmouth	notes	Three British fishing trawlers were sunk during the raid
Operation Martlet	notes	* \
First Battle of Passchendaele	notes	German casualties are taken from Der Weltkrieg  which used figures calculated in ten-day periods.
Occupation of Gori	notes	Refugees: At least about 56,000
Gaza War	notes	*255  or 265  police officers were killed.
2008–09 Battle of Kilinochchi	notes	Both parties claimed to have inflicted heavy casualties on the other, while suffering minimal losses. Verification of either count of casualties is impossible since there are no independent reports from the battle front.
War in Somalia	notes	--05-26
Simba rebellion	notes	a. Tanganyika became Tanzania in April 1964 following its incorporation of Zanzibar.
April 2009 raid off Somalia	notes	Civilian Casualties: 1 killed
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party revolts of the 1950s	notes	Additional PRNP paramilitary cells in Washington, D.C.
Battle of Columbus	notes	*Five of the captured Mexicans were executed by hanging after the battle.
Battle of Mogadishu	notes	*Casualty figures do not include those killed by criminal related violence, accidents or infighting among their factions.
Battle of Mogadishu	notes	--05-17
Battle of Mogadishu	notes	--06-10
Battle of Mogadishu	notes	--05-07
Battle for Central Somalia	notes	*Sheikh Ibrahim Yusuf and Shiekh Abdinasir Jalil were former commanders of the ICU administration in Beledweyn who switched sides with his men and joined Hizbul Islam.
2009 Sobat River ambush	notes	735
Action of 1 January 1800	notes	Civilian casualties: 1 wounded
2nd Parachute Brigade in Southern France	notes	^ Some of the missing later reported for duty
Indian Ocean raid	notes	*Either 72 or 89 British survivors were executed by Japanese forces after being taken prisoner.
Squatters' riot	notes	A total of six were wounded.
Sinking of SS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse	notes	--08-26
Battle of Muong Khoua	notes	Sources give the strength of the French force as 300 Laotians, and a “dozen” French. Four are known to have made it to a second French outpost.
Battle for Lake Tanganyika	notes	*The sunken Belgian steamer Alexandre del Commune was later refloated and assigned to the British flotilla as HMS Vengeur.\n*The German steamer Kingani was captured and assigned to the British flotilla as HMS Fifi.
Northern Cheyenne Exodus	notes	*Losses include civilian casualties.
Hawaiian rebellions	notes	During the course of the rebellions, commanders and combatants changed their allegiances.
Battle of the Mimbres River	notes	Civilian Casualties: 13 captured
Battle of Beirut	notes	Civilian Casualties: 66 killed
Battle of Ostrach	notes	Digby Smith. Napoleonic Wars Databook: Actions and Losses in Personnel, Colours, Standards and Artillery, 1792–1815. Mechanicsburg PA: Stackpole, 1998, ISBN 1-85367-276-9, p. 147
Battle of Elephant Point	notes	First major airborne operation by 44th Indian Airborne Division.
Bombardment of San Juan	notes	* The French cruiser Amiral Rigault de Genouilly was slightly damaged by American gunfire during the battle.
Operation Janbaz	notes	2
Action of 13 December 1814	notes	*The American schooner was scuttled shortly after the engagement to prevent capture.
Siege of Godesberg	notes	a. Engraving by Frans Hogenberg . Hogenberg and Georg Braun, Civitates orbis terrarum, Cologne, 1572–1617.\nb.   Ernst Weyden. Godesberg, das Siebengebirge, und ihre Umgebungen. Bonn: T. Habicht Verlag, 1864, p. 43.\nc.   Tanja Potthoff. Die Godesburg – Archäologie und Baugeschichte einer kurkölnischen Burg. Inaugural Dissertation, University of Munich, 2009, p. 15.
Second Battle of Tucson	notes	Civilian Casualties: 1 killed
Second Battle of Chuenpi	notes	1
Second Battle of Chuenpi	notes	2
Action of 8 May 1941	notes	Civilian Casualties:  killed
Battle of the Bogue	notes	1
Battle of Kowloon	notes	11
South Yemen insurgency	notes	* Released
Naval Battle of Casablanca	notes	*Ten French freighters and liners were sunk during the battle.\n*The French submarine La Sybille was lost at sea during the battle.\n*The French submarine Le Tonnant was scuttled off Cadiz as result of battle damage.
Battle of Winterthur	notes	Source for statistics: Digby Smith. \
Action of 8 May 1918	notes	*The Allied warships were escorting several merchantmen during the action, one steamer was sunk.
Action of 21 May 1918	notes	The American armed yacht was escorting a British merchant ship during the engagement.
First Battle of Topolobampo	notes	* Both federal and rebel forces flew the same Mexican National Ensign during the naval campaign off Topolobampo.
Action of 9 April 1914	notes	* Both federal and rebel forces flew the same Mexican National Ensign during the naval campaign off Topolobampo.
Second Battle of Topolobampo	notes	* Both federal and rebel forces flew the same Mexican National Ensign during the naval campaign off Topolobampo.
Third Battle of Topolobampo	notes	* Both federal and rebel forces flew the same Mexican National Ensign during the naval campaign off Topolobampo.
Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen	notes	AQAP often exaggerates government casualties, while not reporting their own. The death toll for members of the group is probably significantly larger than officially reported. Because of the chaotic situation in the country during the Yemeni revolution, is it probable that military casualties during 2011 were also under reported.
Fourth Battle of Topolobampo	notes	* Both federal and rebel forces flew the same Mexican National Ensign during the naval campaign off Topolobampo.
Battle of Delaware Bay	notes	*The American privateers were escorting a fleet of five merchant ships during the battle.
Samoan crisis	notes	*The British in the cruiser HMS Calliope participated as mediators, their ship sustained fair damage.\n*Several merchant ships were also wrecked during the cyclone.
Battle of Schliengen	notes	Digby Smith. \
Battle of Mogadishu	notes	--12-20
Action of 30 March 2010	notes	Civilian Casualties: 1 wounded
Siege of Exeter	notes	Almost certainly fictional
Reprisal operations	notes	* Both guerrillas and civilians
Battle of Emmendingen	notes	Both armies lost a general in action.
Battle of Ty-ho Bay	notes	* Seven captured merchant ships were liberated by the British and Americans during the battle, two sustained heavy damage and were burned.
Operation Cartoon	notes	*One German steamer was sunk during the operation.
2010 South Kyrgyzstan ethnic clashes	notes	Involved in Kyrgyz-Uzbek clashes within Uzbekistani enclave of Sokh and in minor skirmishes amongst Kyrgyzstani Kyrgyz on bordering areas.
2010 South Kyrgyzstan ethnic clashes	notes	Involved only briefly in defense of Uzbek population in Uzbekistani enclave of Sokh within Kyrgyzstan.
Attack on Aruba	notes	*German casualties were caused by an accident.
Battle of La Ciotat	notes	* One German merchant ship was sunk during the battle
Action of 9 November 1822	notes	*Five captured merchant ships were liberated by American forces after the action.
6th Airborne Division advance to the River Seine	notes	--06-06
Battle of Nam Quan	notes	*Several captured merchant ships were present at the battle, all but one were retaken by the British.
Battle of Saltholm	notes	*''The British warships were escorting a fleet of seventy merchantmen. During the battle, the Danes and Norwegians captured 12, as well as one of the escorting brigs.
Paknam incident	notes	*The French steamer was captured by Siamese forces the day after the battle without resistance.
La Paz incident	notes	*One civilian was wounded by gunfire.\n*Willam 'Frog' Edwards died in the desert after the shooting while trying to escape the Union Army.
Basque conflict	notes	Total number of casualties is disputed
Battle of Canton	notes	The official Chinese commander was Yishan, as a substitute for Qishan, but he had not reached Canton even by the time the battle ended.
USS Monocacy incident	notes	*One Japanese merchant ship was fired on during the action.
Piracy on Falcon Lake	notes	Civilian Casualties: 1 killed
Battle of Negro Fort	notes	*The 300 killed or wounded includes women and children.
Action of 6 October 1944	notes	*Twenty-two German prisoners were freed by the Dutch after the action.
Action off James Island	notes	*Seventy-five prisoners were taken by the Americans and freed after the battle.
Operation Undertone	notes	German casualties do not include KIA, WIA, or those inflicted by U.S. Third Army. Allied casualties are for the U.S. Seventh Army  and French TF de Monsabert .
Second Fiji Expedition	notes	*A few friendly Fijians accompanied the expedition as guides.
Battle of Doro Passage	notes	* The British brig was captured by the pirates and liberated by the Americans.
Battle of Fort Buchanan	notes	Civilian Casualties: 3 killed
Action off Lerwick	notes	The British were escorting twelve merchant ships during the battle, nine were sunk.
Capture of HMS Dominica	notes	*Dominica was escorting a merchant ship at the beginning of the battle.
Capture of Baghdad	notes	High
American Ranch massacre	notes	*The three captives were Sarah Morris and her sons, one of whom was killed later on.
Battle of Devil's River	notes	*Seven American soldiers died of exposure on the march before the battle.\n*Several Comanche women and children were captured during the battle but quickly released.
Operation Zalzala	notes	150000
Battle of Salado Creek	notes	*Casualties for the Dawson Massacre are not included.
Operation Barisal	notes	Further information, see Operation Searchlight, Bangladesh Liberation War and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
Libyan Civil War	notes	*Large number of loyalist or immigrant civilians, not military personnel, among those captured by rebels, only an estimated minimum of 1,692+ confirmed as soldiers
SY Quest incident	notes	Civilian casualties: 4 killed
Battle of Misrata	notes	*The number of dead on the rebel side includes both opposition fighters and civilians, of which at least 358 have definitely been confirmed as rebels and 707 as civilians, among whom were 11 migrants, 2 journalists  and 1 Ukrainian doctor
Battle of Misrata	notes	**Of the missing and captured, 150 civilians were found dead in a mass grave in Tawargha in mid-August and 5 in a grave near Misrata in early October and 8 rebels were found in a grave in November 2012
2011 military intervention in Libya	notes	The US military claimed it had no knowledge of civilian casualties.
Second Battle of Benghazi	notes	*The number of dead on the rebel side includes both opposition fighters and civilians
Operation Odyssey Dawn	notes	*Libyan health ministry claim has not been independently confirmed and Libyan government figures have been shown as unreliable or misinformation. The U.S. military claims it has no knowledge of civilian casualties.
Third Battle of Brega	notes	*Number of dead on the rebel side includes 27 killed in NATO air-strikes, as well as 3 tanks destroyed and 5 damaged by NATO
Battle of Bin Jawad	notes	*170 of the 700 missing were found in a mass grave in December 2011
Battle of Rhodes	notes	*An Italian fleet participated in the battle.
2011 Nafusa Mountains campaign	notes	*The number of dead on the rebel side also includes civilians
2011 Nafusa Mountains campaign	notes	**Based largely on unconfirmed rebel claims
Battle of Brega–Ajdabiya road	notes	*No independent confirmation of the claim by the government to have shot down the two Chinooks, however, rebels confirmed the previous day that they had sent two helicopters into battle
Battle of Ajdabiya	notes	*Numbers of killed, missing or wounded on the rebel side include civilians
Battle of Shaiba	notes	Approximate figures
Battle of Wazzin	notes	--04-28
Battle of Gedo	notes	*Based largely on Al-Shabaab claims which were not confirmed
Burning of Colón	notes	Casualties 18 killed
Battle of Kandahar	notes	*Attack grouped into the larger Battle of Kandahar.\nAlso, 4 civilians were killed and 50 wounded.
MV Beluga Nomination incident	notes	Civilian Casualties: 4 killed
Battle of Jubbada Hoose	notes	*Based largely on al-Shabaab claims which were not confirmed
Battle of the Misrata frontline	notes	*Based largely on unconfirmed rebel claims
Battle of the Misrata frontline	notes	**Based largely on unconfirmed and partially confirmed loyalist claims
Zawiya skirmish	notes	*Rebels claimed that up to 100 loyalist soldiers were killed, but no independent sources confirmed the claim
Battle of Zliten	notes	*Based largely on unconfirmed rebel claims
Battle of Zliten	notes	**Based largely on unconfirmed and partially confirmed loyalist claims
Dissident Irish Republican campaign	notes	Civilian deaths: 105
Dissident Irish Republican campaign	notes	Total killed: 156
Dissident Irish Republican campaign	notes	Total injured: 420+
Operation Turkey Buzzard	notes	13
Greek landing at Smyrna	notes	1
Battle of Bréville	notes	--06-12
Siege of Wiener Neustadt	notes	The military forces of the Order of Saint George of Carinthia started as an ally of the Holy Roman Empire but remained neutral.
Irene incident	notes	Civilian Casualties: 14 passengers on SS Irene killed.
Shin'yō Maru incident	notes	* 687 Allied prisoners of war were killed during the engagement either by the Japanese or by friendly fire.
Siege of Jajce	notes	Venice launched a diversion operation in the Ionian Sea but didn't participate in the siege.
1997 nationalist riots in Northern Ireland	notes	One loyalist militant was killed by a pipe bomb he was handling in an indirectly related incident
Battle of Kelley Creek	notes	*3 of the captured children died within the three following years, possibly due to bad health and/or wounds obtained during the conflict
First Battle of Zawiya	notes	*Unconfirmed rebel claims
First Battle of Zawiya	notes	**At least 151 of those killed were rebels, possibly more, while the rest were civilians.
Battle of Acoma Pueblo	notes	Civilian Casualties ~300 killed
German Campaign of 1813	notes	([a]) Duchy of Warsaw as a state was in effect fully occupied by Russian and Prussian forces by May 1813, though most Poles remained loyal to Napoleon
German Campaign of 1813	notes	--10-08
Ethnic violence in South Sudan	notes	4241
Ethnic violence in South Sudan	notes	900
Second Gulf of Sidra offensive	notes	*Based largely on unconfirmed rebel and civilian claims
Battle of Merville Gun Battery	notes	~ 450 men failed to arrive at the battalion assembly area following the parachute landing
Ra's Lanuf raid	notes	*One NTC source claimed 15 loyalists were killed and 10 captured, but later reports made no mention of pro-Gaddafi losses
The Battle of Fandane-Thiouthioune	notes	The Muslim Marabouts prevailed in the early hours of the battle, but the Serer army held firm. In the latter part of the battle the Marabouts were defeated. Maba Diakhou was killed and his body decapitated.  Damel-Teigne Lat Dior Ngoné Latyr and Bourba Jolof Alboury Sainabou Njie fled. Maad a Sinig Kumba Ndoffene Famak was injured. Mama Gaolo Nyang was held prisoner.
Bluff War	notes	Civilian Casualties 2 killed
Battle of Rimito Kramp	notes	Archipelago fleet
Glenn Springs raid	notes	Civilian Casualties 1 killed, 2 captured
Battle of Nogales	notes	Casualties ~70 killed or wounded
Ottoman–Persian War	notes	The names of the official sovereigns are in bold.
Battle of Ciudad Juárez	notes	U.S. Civilian Casualties: 2 killed 4 wounded
Skirmish of Littlestown	notes	Geobox footnotes
PUK insurgency	notes	Total: 800+ people killed
Battle of Rastan	notes	*The number of dead on the rebel side includes both opposition fighters and civilian protesters
Factional violence in Libya	notes	942
Factional violence in Libya	notes	233
Tuareg rebellion	notes	Displaced: ~100,000 refugees abroad
Tuareg rebellion	notes	100000
Tuareg rebellion	notes	Total: ~250,000
2012 Homs offensive	notes	Note: Numbers of dead are only for the period up to the fall of the Baba Amr district
2012 Kufra conflict	notes	4
Capture of Oppy Wood	notes	--05-03
Hama Governorate clashes	notes	*number includes civilians
Battle of Agbeluvhoe	notes	Numbers and casualties relate to personnel in the colonial forces regardless of origin.
Heglig Crisis	notes	The casualty numbers are based on the warring parties claims and have not been independently verified
2012 Sabha conflict	notes	Total casualties:163 killed and 445 wounded
Battle of Logandème	notes	1800.0
Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon	notes	Total casualties:
Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon	notes	798
Battle of Acapulco	notes	Americans remained neutral. According to the accounts Don Juan Sutter raised the American flag onto a boat and sailed to the French flagship Pallas across the cannon fire. He convinced Admiral Bouet to stop the shelling of civilian houses.
Battle of Acapulco	notes	Americans remained neutral. US Navy only observed the blockade and defended its trade interests but also protected the city from looting during the interregnum.
Battle of Czarne	notes	1300
Battle of Damascus	notes	--07-19
Battle of Aleppo	notes	10800
Battle of Aleppo	notes	30082
Operation Neuland	notes	*German casualties were caused by an accident.
2012 Zintan clashes	notes	105
2012 Zintan clashes	notes	~500 wounded
Northern Mali conflict	notes	Displaced:
Northern Mali conflict	notes	~144,000 refugees abroad
Northern Mali conflict	notes	~230,000 internally displaced persons
Northern Mali conflict	notes	Total: ≈374,000
Battle of Maarrat al-Nu'man	notes	Includes 50 defectors executed by the military.
Battle of Ras al-Ayn	notes	20
Central African Republic Civil War	notes	Civilian casualties:
Central African Republic Civil War	notes	Unknown number killed or wounded
Central African Republic Civil War	notes	200000
Central African Republic Civil War	notes	700000
Central African Republic Civil War	notes	Total: Thousands killed +5,186 killed
2013 Lahad Datu standoff	notes	All statistics reference:\nNote: All these total only during the standoff and does not include the total in any [[#Further arrests and the killing of more Sulu militants
Urla Clashes	notes	1
Skirmish at Matamoros	notes	21
Operations on the Ancre, January–March 1917	notes	British pressure forced German withdrawals in the Ancre valley and then retreats to intermediate defensive positions in the Bapaume salient, two weeks before the scheduled retirement to the Hindenburg Line
Operations on the Ancre, January–March 1917	notes	in Operation Alberich/
Operations on the Ancre, January–March 1917	notes	.
1st Czechoslovak Partisan Brigade of Jan Žižka	notes	D.B. Murzin was at the time wounded and not effectively in command, up to 40 civilian suspects were arrested and executed
Delville Wood order of battle	notes	Only brigades and battalions that participated in the actions associated with the Battle of Delville Wood are shown. For details on the full organisation, see the Order of Battle for the Somme.
Battle of Jajau	notes	MuZam Respect his brother Nd buried him to DELHI.
Capture of Fricourt	notes	A contingent of the Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps was attached to a 21st Division battalion.
Jewish–Babylonian war	notes	Based on Kings 2:24 and 25
Communist insurgency in Sarawak	notes	Statistics source:
Zamboanga City crisis	notes	Note:\n\n# The conflict had paralyzed the economic activity of Zamboanga City. During the course of the conflict, the MNLF had been taking civilians as hostages. The group demanded the hoisting of the Bangsamoro flag at the Zamboanga city hall in exchange for the hostages.
1981 Entumbane Uprising	notes	Official death count 260; historians estimate over 300 or over 400 killed
Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration	notes	Total: At least 500 civilians killed
Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration	notes	Thousands killed
Operation Una	notes	(a) After the war, Croatian General Janko Bobetko estimated Croatian losses as 70 killed and 250 wounded, though Croatian Government statistics contradict his claim
South Sudanese Civil War	notes	Number includes 21 Ugandan soldiers, 5 UNMISS peacekeepers, and 4 Kenyan civilians
Battle of Sorel	notes	300
Mapuche uprising of 1881	notes	--11-03
Mapuche uprising of 1881	notes	--11-10
Bloodbath of B-R5RB	notes	Total forces involved 7,548 participants. Damages amounted to an approximate real-currency value of $300,000-330,000 USD.
2014 Simferopol incident	notes	Notes: Cause of deaths disputed
Battle of Cúl Dreimhne	notes	An early battle, so figures unreliable.
War in Donbass	notes	400
2014 Battle of Basilan	notes	Note: MNLF engaged both army and Sayyaf militia\n\nOperations have continued in neighboring islands with the same mission objective
Prizren incident	notes	1
Northern Iraq offensive	notes	More than 1 million have fled from their cities
Northern Iraq offensive	notes	95
Operation Zarb-e-Azb	notes	2
Operation Zarb-e-Azb	notes	140
Operation Zarb-e-Azb	notes	929859
2014 Israel–Gaza conflict	notes	70
2014 Israel–Gaza conflict	notes	65
2014 Israel–Gaza conflict	notes	36
First Battle of the Shaer gas field	notes	*11 civilian workers
American-led intervention in Syria	notes	Number of militants killed possibly higher, due to them covering up their losses.
Siege of Kobanî	notes	Additional hundreds of deaths by airstrikes
Siege of Kobanî	notes	1000
Nader's Central Asian Campaign	notes	The leaders in bold are sovereigns
Siege of Hüningen	notes	Digby Smith. \
Cross border attacks in Sabah	notes	~ The total thought to be higher than what has been shown.
Derna campaign	notes	3
Derna campaign	notes	*2 journalists executed
Battle of Hillah	notes	Most civilian casualties resulted from Coalition cluster bombing of Al Hillah
Battle of Debaltseve	notes	Number updated to 264 confirmed killed after dozens of bodies were recovered.
Battle of Debaltseve	notes	104
Battle of Debaltseve	notes	Subsequently the bodies of 78 soldiers were recovered.
February 2015 Egyptian airstrikes in Libya	notes	Note:\n40+ civilians were killed as a result of the retaliatory Al Qubbah bombings by ISIL. Six Egyptian civilians were among the fatalities.
Sinking Creek Raid	notes	Entire rebel camp surprised and surrendered to union cavalry regiment’s advance guard.
Battle of Satara	notes	Unknown
Battle of Raigarh	notes	Unknown
Sistan and Baluchestan insurgency	notes	--04-11
Northwestern Syria offensive	notes	20
Northwestern Syria offensive	notes	200
Operation Dignity Battle	notes	*The number of dead on the army side includes both opposition fighters and civilians
Raid on Santorini	notes	5
Raid on Santorini	notes	13
Zhou–Chu War	notes	* b: According to the Rites of Zhou and other sources, a traditional Chinese army included 12,500 infantry and 500 chariots. While it is unknown if this information also applies for the Western Zhou, this organizational structure for military was so common in the later Eastern Zhou period that it can at least be used for a rough estimate.
Hananu Revolt	notes	1
Battle of El Adde	notes	Al Shabaab leaders subsequently killed in retaliatory air-strikes .
Battle of El Adde	notes	KDF refuses to give official casualty figure. Estimates per open sourced information ---- See [[#Casualties
Siege of Fallujah	notes	90000
Battle of Ben Guerdane	notes	† Head of counter-terrorism division assassinated in home by militants.
Battle of Amran	notes	81000
Hīt offensive	notes	25000
Hīt offensive	notes	1500
Battle of Bhuchar Mori	notes	The numbers are derived from agreement of various sources.
Battle of Lenadoon	notes	1
Capture of the French Folly Fort	notes	1
Wytheville Raid	notes	Union troops captured town but retreated hours later.  Union losses included two colonels and a captain.
