Animalia	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Algorithms	publisher	MDPI
Asteroids	publisher	Atari, Inc.
The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Non-Pereil Publishing Group
The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Perfect Film & Chemical Corp.
The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Magazine Management Co.
The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Amber Diceless Roleplaying Game	publisher	Phage Press
Amber Diceless Roleplaying Game	publisher	Guardians of Order
A Fire Upon the Deep	publisher	Tor Books
All Quiet on the Western Front	publisher	Propyläen Verlag
Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri	publisher	Electronic Arts, Aspyr Media, Loki Software
Annals of Mathematics	publisher	Princeton University and the Institute for Advanced Study
Ain't I a Woman%3F	publisher	South End Press
Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human	publisher	Bantam Books
Puzzle Bobble	publisher	Taito Corporation
Boston Herald	publisher	Patrick J. Purcell
The Big O	publisher	Kodansha
Basic Role-Playing	publisher	Chaosium
The Beano	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co.
Bunnies & Burrows	publisher	Fantasy Games Unlimited
Bubble Bobble	publisher	Taito
The World Factbook	publisher	Directorate of Intelligence
Call of Cthulhu	publisher	Chaosium
Constellations	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Crash	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Castle of the Winds	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Civilization	publisher	MicroProse
Children of Dune	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Chapterhouse: Dune	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Candide	publisher	1759
Cell Cycle	publisher	Landes Bioscience
Cowboy Bebop	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Counter-Strike	publisher	Sierra Studios
Counter-Strike	publisher	Valve Corporation
Cahiers du cinéma	publisher	Phaidon Press
The Cider House Rules	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Chrono Cross	publisher	Square
Dracula	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Dungeons & Dragons	publisher	TSR
Dungeons & Dragons	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Day of the Tentacle	publisher	LucasArts
Day of the Tentacle	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Don Quixote	publisher	Francisco de Robles
Doraemon	publisher	Shogakukan
Deus Ex	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Doom	publisher	GT Interactive
Dune Messiah	publisher	Putnam Publishing
Duck Hunt	publisher	Nintendo
Catan: Cities & Knights	publisher	Kosmos
Catan: Cities & Knights	publisher	Mayfair Games
Catan: Cities & Knights	publisher	Capcom
Catan: Cities & Knights	publisher	999
The Time in Between	publisher	McClelland & Stewart in Canada
The Time in Between	publisher	Random House in the United States
Encyclopædia Britannica	publisher	Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
Encyclopædia Britannica	publisher	
Earthdawn	publisher	FASA Corporation
Earthdawn	publisher	Living Room Games
Earthdawn	publisher	RedBrick Limited
Earthdawn	publisher	FASA Games
Everway	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Everway	publisher	Rubicon Games
Everway	publisher	Gaslight Press
Elfenland	publisher	Amigo Spiele
Elfenland	publisher	Rio Grande Games
EverQuest	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
The Trial	publisher	Verlag Die Schmiede, Berlin
The Metamorphosis	publisher	Kurt Wolff Verlag, Leipzig
Free to Choose	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Fudge	publisher	Grey Ghost Press
Feminist science fiction	publisher	Cleveland State University
Flambards	publisher	Oxford University Press
Flambards	publisher	World Publ. Co.
Fossil Record	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the Museum für Naturkunde
Farmer Giles of Ham	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
F-Zero: Maximum Velocity	publisher	Nintendo
GURPS	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Gaudy Night	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Gamma World	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Gamma World	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Gamma World	publisher	Sword and Sorcery Studios
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Golden Heroes	publisher	Games Workshop
GURPS Supers	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
God Emperor of Dune	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Gone with the Wind	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Heart of Darkness	publisher	Blackwood's Magazine
Heretic	publisher	Id Software
Heretic II	publisher	Activision
Hexen: Beyond Heretic	publisher	Id Software
Hexen II	publisher	Id Software
Hero Wars	publisher	Issaries, Inc.
The Holocaust Industry	publisher	Verso Books
Heretics of Dune	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn	publisher	Chatto & Windus / Charles L. Webster And Company.
Hero System	publisher	Hero Games
I, Robot	publisher	Gnome Press
Illuminati: New World Order	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Cosmicomics	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
Cosmicomics	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Ivanhoe	publisher	A. Constable
Kult	publisher	Paradox Entertainment
Kult	publisher	7ème Cercle
Kalevala	publisher	J. C. Frenckellin ja Poika and many others.
Kid Icarus	publisher	Nintendo
Icehenge	publisher	Ace Books
Larousse Gastronomique	publisher	Editions Larousse
Microserfs	publisher	Regan Books, HarperCollins
Mein Kampf	publisher	Franz Eher Nachfolger
Monopoly	publisher	Hasbro
Monopoly	publisher	Parker Brothers
Monopoly	publisher	Waddingtons
Mage: The Ascension	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Moby-Dick	publisher	*
Moby-Dick	publisher	Richard Bentley
Moby-Dick	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Marvel Super Heroes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Mobile Suit Gundam	publisher	Akita Shoten
Moonfleet	publisher	Edward Arnold
Mere Christianity	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Mere Christianity	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Mere Christianity	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Nights into Dreams...	publisher	Sega
Neuromancer	publisher	Ace Books
Cryptonomicon	publisher	Avon
New Oxford American Dictionary	publisher	Oxford University Press
Neopets	publisher	Viacom
Neopets	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
No Logo	publisher	Knopf Canada
No Logo	publisher	Picador
Oxford English Dictionary	publisher	Oxford University Press
On Fairy-Stories	publisher	Oxford University Press
Playboy	publisher	Playboy Enterprises
Time Out of Joint	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch	publisher	Doubleday
A Scanner Darkly	publisher	Doubleday
Ubik	publisher	Doubleday
Radio Free Albemuth	publisher	Arbor House
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep%3F	publisher	Doubleday
Pride and Prejudice	publisher	T. Egerton, Whitehall
Pale Fire	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Pong	publisher	Atari
Preacher	publisher	Vertigo imprint of DC Comics
Quake II	publisher	Activision
Quake	publisher	GT Interactive
Rolling Stone	publisher	Jann Wenner
RuneQuest	publisher	Chaosium
RuneQuest	publisher	Avalon Hill
RuneQuest	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
RuneQuest	publisher	The Design Mechanism
Ringworld	publisher	Ballantine Books
Radical Dreamers	publisher	Square
Ranma ½	publisher	Shogakukan
Ringworld	publisher	Chaosium
Rendezvous with Rama	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Rendezvous with Rama	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Rise of the Triad	publisher	Apogee Software
Red Faction	publisher	THQ
StarCraft	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Sense and Sensibility	publisher	Thomas Egerton, Military Library
Sailor Moon	publisher	Kodansha
Star Frontiers	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Super Mario Kart	publisher	Nintendo
Speaker for the Dead	publisher	Tor Books
Simon the Sorcerer	publisher	Adventure Soft
Starship Troopers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
SimCity	publisher	Brøderbund, Maxis, Nintendo, Electronic Arts, Superior Software/Acornsoft and Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Space Battleship Yamato	publisher	Akita Shoten
Slayers	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Slayers	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Slayers	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
System Shock	publisher	Origin Systems
System Shock	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Strangers in Paradise	publisher	Mostly self-published
Superworld	publisher	Chaosium
Stuart Little	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Shockwave Rider	publisher	Harper & Row
The Shining	publisher	Doubleday
Mort	publisher	Victor Gollancz in association with Colin Smythe
The Boston Globe	publisher	John W. Henry
Traveller	publisher	Game Designers' Workshop
Traveller	publisher	Imperium Games
Traveller	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Traveller	publisher	QLI/RPGRealms Publishing
Traveller	publisher	ComStar Games
Traveller	publisher	''
Traveller	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
Traveller	publisher	Far Future Enterprises
The Hound of the Baskervilles	publisher	George Newnes
The Hobbit	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
TWERPS	publisher	Gamescience
The Machinery of Freedom	publisher	Open Court Publishing Company
The Evolution of Cooperation	publisher	Basic Books
The Sims	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tunnels & Trolls	publisher	Flying Buffalo
The Fantasy Trip	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
The New York Times	publisher	Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, Jr.
The Great Divorce	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Screwtape Letters	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Hunt for Red October	publisher	Naval Institute Press
Debt of Honor	publisher	Putnam
The Cardinal of the Kremlin	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Tunnel in the Sky	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Third Culture	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Vision of Escaflowne	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Trigun	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Trigun	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Tenchi Muyo!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Mismeasure of Man	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Mythical Man-Month	publisher	Addison-Wesley
The Art of Computer Programming	publisher	Addison-Wesley
The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire	publisher	Strahan & Cadell, London
The New Yorker	publisher	Condé Nast
Twilight 2000	publisher	Game Designers' Workshop
The Sentinel	publisher	Avon Periodicals
The Book of the Courtier	publisher	Aldine Press
The Fountains of Paradise	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Fountains of Paradise	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
The Skeptical Environmentalist	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Lord of the Flies	publisher	Faber and Faber
Through the Looking-Glass	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Upwords	publisher	Hasbro
Unreal	publisher	GT Interactive
United States Code	publisher	United States Government Printing Office
Viz	publisher	Dennis Publishing
Virtua Fighter	publisher	Sega
Villains and Vigilantes	publisher	Monkey House Games
Wolfenstein 3D	publisher	3D Realms
Wolfenstein 3D	publisher	FormGen
The Wanderer	publisher	Ballantine Books
Zork	publisher	Personal Software
Zork	publisher	Infocom
Zork	publisher	Activision
Zoop	publisher	Viacom New Media
2000 AD	publisher	Formerly
2000 AD	publisher	IPC Media
2000 AD	publisher	Fleetway
2000 AD	publisher	Currently
2000 AD	publisher	Rebellion Developments
2010: Odyssey Two	publisher	Panther Books
Mario Kart: Super Circuit	publisher	Nintendo
Soldier of Fortune	publisher	Activision
Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.²	publisher	Gathering of Developers
The Martian Chronicles	publisher	Doubleday
Paradise Lost	publisher	Samuel Simmons
The Illustrated Man	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Fighting Fantasy	publisher	Puffin, Wizard Books
Maison Ikkoku	publisher	Shogakukan
United Nations Economic Commission for Europe	publisher	IOS Press
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Keep the Aspidistra Flying	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Illuminatus! Trilogy	publisher	Dell Publishing
Lions' Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition, with Source Code	publisher	Peer-to-Peer Communications
Risk	publisher	Hasbro
Risk	publisher	Winning Moves
Time Crisis	publisher	Namco
Good-Bye to All That	publisher	Anchor
Vanity Fair	publisher	Punch magazine
The Cathedral and the Bazaar	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Design Patterns	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Northanger Abbey	publisher	John Murray
MIDI Maze	publisher	Hybrid Arts
MIDI Maze	publisher	Bullet-Proof Software
Winter's Heart	publisher	Tor Books
Winter's Heart	publisher	Orbit
The Eye of the World	publisher	Tor Books  and
The Eye of the World	publisher	Orbit Books
The Great Hunt	publisher	Tor Books  and Orbit Books
Around the World in Eighty Days	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Grapes of Wrath	publisher	The Viking Press-James Lloyd
How Green Was My Valley	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Queen of the Damned	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Gulliver's Travels	publisher	Benjamin Motte
The Color Purple	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Nature	publisher	Nature Research
The English Patient	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Kill Doctor Lucky	publisher	Cheapass Games
Kill Doctor Lucky	publisher	Titanic Games
Cluedo	publisher	Waddingtons Parker Brothers
Cluedo	publisher	Hasbro
Cluedo	publisher	Winning Moves
The Selfish Gene	publisher	Oxford University Press
Robert's Rules of Order	publisher	Da Capo Press, A Member of the Perseus Books Group
Blood Music	publisher	Arbor House
The Forge of God	publisher	Tor Books
The World According to Garp	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Mutiny on the Bounty	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Ars Magica	publisher	Lion Rampant
Ars Magica	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Ars Magica	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Ars Magica	publisher	Atlas Games
The Mothman Prophecies	publisher	Panther
The Memory of Earth	publisher	Tor Books
Sixth Column	publisher	Gnome Press
The Puppet Masters	publisher	Doubleday
The Wind in the Willows	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Godfather	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Jonathan Livingston Seagull	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Hunting of the Snark	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Natural Capitalism	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Life After Life	publisher	Mockingbird Books
I Am Legend	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Beyond This Horizon	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
Beyond This Horizon	publisher	Fantasy Press
Rocket Ship Galileo	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Space Cadet	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Man in the High Castle	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Between Planets	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Starman Jones	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Podkayne of Mars	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Story of O	publisher	Jean-Jacques Pauvert
The Skeptic's Dictionary	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Star Beast	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Ravenloft	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Ravenloft	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Ravenloft	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Greyhawk	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Greyhawk	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Planescape	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Planescape	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mystara	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Spelljammer	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Spelljammer	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Commentarii de Bello Gallico	publisher	Julius Caesar
Dr. Mario	publisher	Nintendo
Dr. No	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Andromeda Strain	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Clash of Civilizations	publisher	Simon & Schuster
How the Self Controls Its Brain	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Spellevator	publisher	Brøderbund
Spellevator	publisher	The Learning Company
Kuru Kuru Kururin	publisher	Nintendo
Suspended	publisher	Infocom
Down and Out in Paris and London	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Last Man	publisher	Henry Colburn
The Transmigration of Timothy Archer	publisher	Timescape Books
The Transmigration of Timothy Archer	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency	publisher	UK: William Heinemann Ltd., US: Pocket Books
Steal This Book	publisher	Pirate Editions / Grove Press
Dragonflight	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Diamond Age	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Population Bomb	publisher	Sierra Club Books
The Population Bomb	publisher	Ballantine Books
Radiant Silvergun	publisher	Sega
Radiant Silvergun	publisher	ESP
Radiant Silvergun	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Final Fantasy II	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy Chronicles	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy IX	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy VII	publisher	*PlayStation\n*
Final Fantasy VII	publisher	*Microsoft Windows\n*
Final Fantasy VII	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Final Fantasy Legend	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy Adventure	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy Mystic Quest	publisher	Square
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame	publisher	Gosselin
Half-Life	publisher	Sierra Studios
Half-Life	publisher	Valve Corporation
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Now Wait for Last Year	publisher	Doubleday
The Magician's Nephew	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Malloreon	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Belgariad	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Elements of Style	publisher	*
The Elements of Style	publisher	Harcourt Brace
The Elements of Style	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Elements of Style	publisher	Allyn & Bacon
The Patchwork Girl of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Double Star	publisher	Doubleday
Time for the Stars	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Glory Road	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
To Sail Beyond the Sunset	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Citizen of the Galaxy	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Stranger in a Strange Land	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Methuselah's Children	publisher	Gnome Press
Life a User's Manual	publisher	Hachette Livre
A Dictionary of the English Language	publisher	consortium
Ulysses	publisher	Sylvia Beach
Rolemaster	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz	publisher	George M. Hill Company
Wuthering Heights	publisher	Thomas Cautley Newby
Jane Eyre	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Catch-22	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Robinson Crusoe	publisher	W. Taylor
Clear and Present Danger	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Battle Angel Alita	publisher	Shueisha
Nanotech	publisher	Ace Books
The Salmon of Doubt	publisher	UK: William Heinemann Ltd., US: Pocket Books
A Dictionary of Modern English Usage	publisher	Oxford University Press
Castle Rackrent	publisher	J. Johnson
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	publisher	Puffin Books
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
1066 and All That	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Inversions	publisher	Orbit Books
Consider Phlebas	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Crow Road	publisher	Scribner
Espedair Street	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Wasp Factory	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ender's Game	publisher	Tor Books
Ancient Domains of Mystery	publisher	Thomas Biskup
SiN	publisher	Activision
Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said	publisher	Doubleday
Job: A Comedy of Justice	publisher	Ballantine Books
Job: A Comedy of Justice	publisher	Del Rey Books
Farmer in the Sky	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Friday	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Have Space Suit—Will Travel	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Man Who Sold the Moon	publisher	Shasta Publishers
The Green Hills of Earth	publisher	Shasta Publishers
The Number of the Beast	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Assignment in Eternity	publisher	Fantasy Press
Red Planet	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Escape Velocity	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Prelude to Foundation	publisher	Doubleday
Foundation and Earth	publisher	Doubleday
The Caves of Steel	publisher	Doubleday
Time Enough for Love	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Rolling Stones	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Door into Summer	publisher	Doubleday
Farnham's Freehold	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre	publisher	Buchergilde Gutenberg
The Forsyte Saga	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd
Funeral in Berlin	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Billion-Dollar Brain	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Kim	publisher	McClure's Magazine  & Macmillan & Co
Whit	publisher	Little, Brown
Mostly Harmless	publisher	William Heinemann, UK; Harmony Books, US
Native Son	publisher	Harper
Little Women	publisher	Roberts Brothers
Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Imitation of Life	publisher	P.F. Collier
The Last Command	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Way of All Flesh	publisher	Grant Richards
Alice Adams	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Co.
Les Misérables	publisher	A. Lacroix, Verboeckhoven & Cie.
Dodsworth	publisher	Harcourt Brace & Company
Lost Horizon	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Red Badge of Courage	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Goodbye, Mr. Chips	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Goodbye, Mr. Chips	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Of Mice and Men	publisher	Covici Friede
Ishmael	publisher	Bantam/Turner Books
David Copperfield	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
Childhood's End	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Little Prince	publisher	Reynal & Hitchcock
The Little Prince	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Two Towers	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
The Return of the King	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
The Green Mile	publisher	New American Library
Four past Midnight	publisher	Viking Press
Gerald's Game	publisher	Viking Press
Dolores Claiborne	publisher	Viking Press
Hearts in Atlantis	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Nightmares & Dreamscapes	publisher	Viking Press
Umney's Last Case	publisher	Viking Press
Blood and Smoke	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Breathing Method	publisher	Viking Press
Skeleton Crew	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Night Shift	publisher	Doubleday
The Eyes of the Dragon	publisher	Viking Press
The Dark Tower III: The Waste Lands	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Dark Tower IV: Wizard and Glass	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The New Lieutenant's Rap	publisher	Philtrum Press
The Body	publisher	Viking Press
Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption	publisher	Viking Press
Different Seasons	publisher	Viking Press
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Six Stories	publisher	Philtrum Press
The Long Walk	publisher	Signet Books
Solaris	publisher	MON, Walker
Haaretz	publisher	Amos Schocken
Titan	publisher	Avalon Hill, Valley Games
The Big U	publisher	Harper Perennial
The Day of the Triffids	publisher	Michael Joseph
Car Wars	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Rape of Nanking	publisher	Basic Books
Other Losses	publisher	Stoddart
Love and Mr Lewisham	publisher	Harper Brothers
The Stardroppers	publisher	DAW Books
Populous	publisher	Electronic Arts
Heavy Metal	publisher	Kevin Eastman
The Blind Watchmaker	publisher	Norton & Company, Inc
Carrie	publisher	Doubleday
Black Holes and Baby Universes and Other Essays	publisher	Bantam Books
Watership Down	publisher	Rex Collings
Harriet the Spy	publisher	Harper & Row
Zool	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Zool	publisher	Commodore
The Big Sleep	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bridget Jones's Diary	publisher	Picador
The State of the Art	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
The Player of Games	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Look to Windward	publisher	Orbit Books
Excession	publisher	Orbit Books
Use of Weapons	publisher	Orbit
Eric Brighteyes	publisher	Longmans & Co.
So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish	publisher	Pan Books, UK; Harmony Books, US.
Choke	publisher	Doubleday
In Search of Lost Time	publisher	Grasset and Gallimard
The Weirdstone of Brisingamen	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Human Stain	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Picnic at Hanging Rock	publisher	F. W. Cheshire
Picnic at Hanging Rock	publisher	Penguin
I, the Jury	publisher	E. P. Dutton
I, the Jury	publisher	Signet Books
Thinks ...	publisher	Secker & Warburg
A Fisherman of the Inland Sea	publisher	Harper Prism
Smith of Wootton Major	publisher	Allen & Unwin
England, England	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Dune	publisher	Chilton Books
Feersum Endjinn	publisher	Orbit Books
Against a Dark Background	publisher	Orbit Books
Just Like That	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Just Like That	publisher	André Deutsch
Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Beach	publisher	Viking Press
Murder Must Advertise	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Grand Prix Legends	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen	publisher	America's Best Comics
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen	publisher	WildStorm
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen	publisher	DC Comics
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen	publisher	Top Shelf and Knockabout Comics
The Man Who Would Be King	publisher	A. H. Wheeler & Co of Allahabad
Book of the SubGenius	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Codex Seraphinianus	publisher	Franco Maria Ricci
The Dark Knight Returns	publisher	DC Comics
Top 10	publisher	America's Best Comics
The Go-Between	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Mildred Pierce	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Hercules: The Legendary Journeys	publisher	Titus Software
Mario Kart 64	publisher	Nintendo
About a Boy	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Last Temptation of Christ	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Last Temptation of Christ	publisher	Bruno Cassirer
Miss Lulu Bett	publisher	D. Appleton and Co.
Miss Lulu Bett	publisher	New York, London
Flatland	publisher	Seeley & Co.
The Gulag Archipelago	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Snow Crash	publisher	Bantam Books
Sick Puppy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Crisis on Infinite Earths	publisher	DC Comics
Dragon Ball	publisher	Shueisha
The Prisoner of Zenda	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith
Love Hina	publisher	Kodansha
For Whom the Bell Tolls	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Human Comedy	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
An Eye for an Eye: The Untold Story of Jewish Revenge Against Germans in 1945	publisher	Basic Books
Belgarath the Sorcerer	publisher	Del Rey Books
From Russia, with Love	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Tombs of Atuan	publisher	Atheneum Books
Good Omens	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Good Omens	publisher	Workman Publishing
Coraline	publisher	Bloomsbury
Coraline	publisher	Harper Collins
Interview with the Vampire	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
SS-GB	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Finnegans Wake	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Sandman	publisher	DC Comics
The Sandman	publisher	Vertigo
The Meaning of Liff	publisher	Pan Books
The Virgin Suicides	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
What Makes Sammy Run%3F	publisher	Random House
The Razor's Edge	publisher	Doubleday, Doran
Homage to Catalonia	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Star Wars: X-Wing vs. TIE Fighter	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: X-Wing Alliance	publisher	LucasArts
Zak McKracken and the Alien Mindbenders	publisher	Lucasfilm Games
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: The Graphic Adventure	publisher	Lucasfilm Games
Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis	publisher	LucasArts
Sam & Max Hit the Road	publisher	LucasArts
My World and Welcome to It	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Full Throttle	publisher	LucasArts
Full Throttle	publisher	Double Fine Productions
The Dig	publisher	LucasArts
The Curse of Monkey Island	publisher	LucasArts
The Secret of Monkey Island	publisher	Lucasfilm Games
Super Mario World	publisher	Nintendo
Luigi's Mansion	publisher	Nintendo
Super Mario Bros. 3	publisher	Nintendo
King Solomon's Mines	publisher	Cassell and Company
Grim Fandango	publisher	LucasArts
Grim Fandango	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Action Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Space Channel 5	publisher	Sega
Space Channel 5	publisher	GBA version
Babel-17	publisher	Ace Books
The Languages of Pao	publisher	Avalon Books
Freedom	publisher	Freedom Press
Cat's Cradle	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs	publisher	MIT Press
Excellent Women	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Orphans of the Sky	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Tess of the d'Urbervilles	publisher	James R. Osgood, McIlvaine & Co.
The Scarlet Pimpernel	publisher	Greening
Yoshi's Story	publisher	Nintendo
Yoshi's Island	publisher	Nintendo
The Robe	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Power and Market	publisher	Institute for Humane Studies
The Thirty-Nine Steps	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons
Shenmue	publisher	Sega
A Walking Tour of the Shambles	publisher	American Fantasy Press
Class Warfare	publisher	Pluto Press
Dead Air	publisher	Little, Brown
The Exorcist	publisher	Harper
A Severed Head	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Journal of Cryptology	publisher	Springer Publishing
Coming Up for Air	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Age of Spiritual Machines	publisher	Viking Press
Secret Wars	publisher	Marvel Comics
Shadow Puppets	publisher	Tor Books
City of Death	publisher	BBC Books
Jumpman	publisher	Epyx
Shada	publisher	BBC Books
Super Mario RPG	publisher	Nintendo
Paper Mario	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Tennis	publisher	Nintendo
Ultima Online	publisher	Electronic Arts
Gary Larson	publisher	HarperCollins
Hired Guns	publisher	Psygnosis
World Almanac	publisher	World Almanac Books
The Road to Mars	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Mars trilogy	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Mars trilogy	publisher	Bantam Dell
Mars trilogy	publisher	Random House
Mars trilogy	publisher	Spectra/Bantam Dell/Random House
Regeneration	publisher	Viking Press
House of Leaves	publisher	Pantheon Books
House of Leaves	publisher	Random House
The Whalestoe Letters	publisher	Pantheon Books
The White Goddess	publisher	Faber & Faber
The White Goddess	publisher	Creative Age Press
A Night to Remember	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
My Disillusionment in Russia	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Uncle Scrooge	publisher	Dell Comics, Gold Key Comics / Whitman, Gladstone Publishing, Disney Comics, Gemstone Publishing, Boom Kids! , IDW Publishing
Restoree	publisher	Ballantine Books
The King in Yellow	publisher	F. Tennyson Neely
Mister Roberts	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Auntie Mame	publisher	Vanguard Press
Elmer Gantry	publisher	Harcourt
Sons and Lovers	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
A New Kind of Science	publisher	Wolfram Media
Yoshi's Cookie	publisher	Nintendo
Yoshi's Cookie	publisher	Bullet-Proof Software
Tetris Attack	publisher	Nintendo
The Neverhood	publisher	DreamWorks Interactive
America's Great Depression	publisher	Van Nostrand
Survivor	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Jungle	publisher	Doubleday, Jabber & Company
More Guns, Less Crime	publisher	University Of Chicago Press
Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung	publisher	Government of the People's Republic of China
Justice League	publisher	DC Comics
Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists	publisher	Taylor and Francis for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists
Level 7	publisher	McGraw Hill Book Company
The Victorian Internet	publisher	Walker & Company
Super Mario 64	publisher	Nintendo
Millipede	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins	publisher	Nintendo
Guinness World Records	publisher	Jim Pattison Group
Rez	publisher	Dreamcast
Rez	publisher	Sega
Rez	publisher	PlayStation 2
Rez	publisher	Xbox 360
Rez	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Rez	publisher	PlayStation 4
Rez	publisher	Enhance Games
The Prince	publisher	Antonio Blado d'Asola.
Sounder	publisher	Harper & Row
Encyclopédie	publisher	André le Breton, Michel-Antoine David, Laurent Durand, and Antoine-Claude Briasson
All the President's Men	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Washington Post	publisher	Fred Ryan
Nemesis	publisher	Bantam Books
Sonic the Hedgehog 3	publisher	Sega
Island of the Sequined Love Nun	publisher	Avon
The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove	publisher	Spike/Avon
Knockout Kings	publisher	EA Sports
Der Stürmer	publisher	Julius Streicher
Tigris and Euphrates	publisher	Hans im Glück
Quartet in Autumn	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Some Tame Gazelle	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Super Dimension Fortress Macross	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Satyricon	publisher	Various
Asheron's Call	publisher	Microsoft
Asheron's Call	publisher	Turbine Entertainment Software
Asheron's Call	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Middle-earth Role Playing	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
Revolutionary Girl Utena	publisher	Shogakukan
Inuyasha	publisher	Shogakukan
Oh My Goddess!	publisher	Kodansha
I My Me! Strawberry Eggs	publisher	MediaWorks
A Passage to India	publisher	Edward Arnold
A Passage to India	publisher	Harcourt Brace
A Room with a View	publisher	Edward Arnold
Alas, Babylon	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
British National Formulary	publisher	BMJ Group, and
British National Formulary	publisher	Pharmaceutical Press
Sister Carrie	publisher	Doubleday
The Accidental Tourist	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis	publisher	Codemasters
The Remains of the Day	publisher	Faber and Faber
Crime and Punishment	publisher	The Russian Messenger
The Martian Way and Other Stories	publisher	Doubleday
Space Colony	publisher	Gathering of Developers
When God Was a Woman	publisher	Barnes and Noble
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul	publisher	Heinemann
Faith of Our Fathers	publisher	Doubleday
The Road to Wigan Pier	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Bloodwych	publisher	Image Works
Bloodwych	publisher	Konami
Damage	publisher	Vintage Books
Super Mario Bros. 2	publisher	Nintendo
Imperial Earth	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Railway Children	publisher	Wells Gardner, Darton
The Masque of the Red Death	publisher	Graham's Magazine
Dangerous Visions	publisher	Doubleday
Chocolat	publisher	Doubleday
The Ghost Road	publisher	Viking Press
Promethea	publisher	America's Best Comics
Right On!	publisher	Sterling-Macfadden
Right On!	publisher	Dorchester Media
Rosemary's Baby	publisher	Random House
This Perfect Day	publisher	Random House
The Boys from Brazil	publisher	Random House
Duke Nukem Forever	publisher	2
Duke Nukem Forever	publisher	Aspyr Media
EarthBound	publisher	Nintendo
Justice Society of America	publisher	DC Comics
Phantasy Star	publisher	Sega
Master and Commander	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
The Devil and Daniel Webster	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
The Newcomes	publisher	Bradbury and Evans
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault	publisher	EA Games
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault	publisher	Mac OS X
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault	publisher	Aspyr
Boys Over Flowers	publisher	Shueisha
Little Dorrit	publisher	Bradbury and Evans
Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels	publisher	Nintendo
Great Expectations	publisher	Chapman & Hall
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	publisher	Shueisha
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	publisher	Shueisha
The Cat in the Hat	publisher	Random House
The Cat in the Hat	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Where Angels Fear to Tread	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons
Fruits Basket	publisher	Hakusensha
The American Naturalist	publisher	University of Chicago Press on behalf of the American Society of Naturalists
Mario Party	publisher	Nintendo
Super Mario Sunshine	publisher	Nintendo
Midnight's Children	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Shame	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Keys of the Kingdom	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Keys of the Kingdom	publisher	Little, Brown
Vampire: The Masquerade	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Vampire: The Masquerade	publisher	Onyx Path Publishing
Vampire: The Masquerade	publisher	By Night Studios
Trent's Last Case	publisher	Thomas Nelson
I, Libertine	publisher	Ballantine Books
Cyberpunk 2020	publisher	R. Talsorian Games
Riders of the Purple Wage	publisher	Doubleday
Sonic Mega Collection	publisher	Sega
Elfquest	publisher	WaRP Graphics, 1978–2003
Elfquest	publisher	Marvel Comics, 1985–1988
Elfquest	publisher	DC Comics, 2003–2007
Elfquest	publisher	Dark Horse Comics, 2013–present
Waverley	publisher	Archibald Constable
The Vampire Lestat	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Donkey Kong 3	publisher	Nintendo
Donkey Kong Land	publisher	Nintendo
Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble!	publisher	Nintendo
Donkey Kong 64	publisher	Nintendo
Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Party 4	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Party 3	publisher	Nintendo
Super Mario Land	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Party 2	publisher	Nintendo
The Tale of the Body Thief	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Donkey Kong Country	publisher	Nintendo
Memnoch the Devil	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Star Wars Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II	publisher	LucasArts
DragonQuest	publisher	Simulations Publications
DragonQuest	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Chivalry & Sorcery	publisher	Fantasy Games Unlimited
Chivalry & Sorcery	publisher	Highlander Games
Chivalry & Sorcery	publisher	Brittannia Game Designs
The Farther Adventures of Robinson Crusoe	publisher	W. Taylor
The 120 Days of Sodom	publisher	Penguin Books
Walden Two	publisher	Hackett Publishing Company
Drakar och Demoner	publisher	Target Games, Riotminds, Neogames
War and Peace	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Area 51	publisher	Atari Games/TimeWarner Interactive
Area 51	publisher	Soft Bank
On the Beach	publisher	Heinemann
Son Excellence Eugène Rougon	publisher	Charpentier
L'Argent	publisher	Charpentier & Fasquelle
Jack of Shadows	publisher	Walker and Company
The Amazing 3	publisher	Shogakukan
Unnatural Death	publisher	Ernest Benn Limited
Whose Body%3F	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club	publisher	Ernest Benn
Clouds of Witness	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Strong Poison	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Have His Carcase	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Have His Carcase	publisher	Brewer, Warren, Putnam
The Nine Tailors	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Busman's Honeymoon	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Five Red Herrings	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Five Red Herrings	publisher	Harper & Row
Thrones, Dominations	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Star Control	publisher	Accolade
Light in August	publisher	Smith & Haas
Urusei Yatsura	publisher	Shogakukan
Planescape: Torment	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Consciousness Explained	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
The Dragon in the Sea	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Whipping Star	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Dosadi Experiment	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Martian Successor Nadesico	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Yu Yu Hakusho	publisher	Shueisha
The Transparent Society	publisher	Perseus Books
The Poisoned Chocolates Case	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Fast Food Nation	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Dice Man	publisher	William Morrow
The Search for the Dice Man	publisher	HarperCollins
Talisman	publisher	Games Workshop
Talisman	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Starship Titanic	publisher	Simon & Schuster Interactive
Starship Titanic	publisher	R&P Electronic Media
Adventures of Wim	publisher	Grafton
Adventures of Wim	publisher	AuthorHouse
Anna Karenina	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Theatrum Orbis Terrarum	publisher	Gilles Coppens de Diest
The Red House Mystery	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Red House Mystery	publisher	E.P. Dutton
High Fidelity	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Dreamcatcher	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Leaves of Grass	publisher	Self
Foucault's Pendulum	publisher	Bompiani
Foucault's Pendulum	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Madame Bovary	publisher	Revue de Paris  & Michel Lévy Frères
Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Oliver Twist	publisher	Serial: Bentley's Miscellany
Oliver Twist	publisher	Book: Richard Bentley
East of Eden	publisher	The Viking Press
Ico	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Children of Men	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Children of Men	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Fixer	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Postman	publisher	Bantam Books
Rogue	publisher	Epyx
The Phantom of the Opera	publisher	Pierre Lafitte and Cie.
Murder on the Orient Express	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Billy Liar	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Wiki Way	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack	publisher	Kodansha
American Psycho	publisher	Vintage Books
American Psycho	publisher	New York City
Kalimantaan	publisher	Henry Holt & Company
The Future of Ideas	publisher	Random House
Wasteland	publisher	Electronic Arts
International New York Times	publisher	Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, Jr.
Blueberry	publisher	Dargaud
Blueberry	publisher	Le Lombard
Blueberry	publisher	Fleurus
Blueberry	publisher	Hachette
Blueberry	publisher	Novedi
Blueberry	publisher	Alpen Publishers
Flare	publisher	Baen Books
Creatures of Light and Darkness	publisher	Doubleday
The Handmaid's Tale	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Crazy Taxi	publisher	Sega
Crazy Taxi	publisher	Acclaim
Crazy Taxi	publisher	Activision
Fountain of Dreams	publisher	Electronic Arts
Middlemarch	publisher	Blackwood
The Pearl	publisher	The Viking Press
The Pearl	publisher	Heinemann
The Pearl	publisher	Fondo de Cultura Económica
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time	publisher	Nintendo
Our Man in Havana	publisher	Heinemann
East Wind: West Wind	publisher	John Day Company
The Legend of Zelda	publisher	Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past	publisher	Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask	publisher	Nintendo
Agenda 21	publisher	United Nations
Thiotimoline	publisher	Street & Smith
Thiotimoline	publisher	Random House
I, Claudius	publisher	Arthur Barker
SimCity 4	publisher	Electronic Arts
SimCity 4	publisher	Aspyr Media
P.S. Your Cat Is Dead	publisher	Puffin Books
Clue	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Descent	publisher	Interplay Productions
Descent	publisher	Mac Play
Descent	publisher	Soft Bank
SimCity 2000	publisher	Electronic Arts
SimCity 3000	publisher	Electronic Arts
Treasure Island	publisher	London: Cassell and Company
Steppenwolf	publisher	Fischer Verlag
Columbia Encyclopedia	publisher	Columbia University Press
Champions	publisher	Hero Games
Goldfinger	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Under the Volcano	publisher	Reynal & Hitchcock
Ironweed	publisher	Viking Press, NY
Girl, Interrupted	publisher	Random House
Small Gods	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Jingo	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Pursuit of Love	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Centaurus	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Metamagical Themas	publisher	Basic Books
Kaboom!	publisher	Activision
Survivor	publisher	Topo Soft
Survivor	publisher	U.S. Gold
Moonraker	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Star Raiders	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Before Night Falls	publisher	Tusquets Editores
Before Night Falls	publisher	Viking Press
Sophie's Choice	publisher	Random House
The Extended Phenotype	publisher	Oxford University Press
Season of the Jew	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Season of the Jew	publisher	W.W. Norton
Crazy Climber	publisher	Nichibutsu
Crazy Climber	publisher	HAMSTER Corporation
Carmageddon	publisher	Square Enix Europe
Carmageddon	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Soul Edge	publisher	Namco
Soulcalibur	publisher	Namco
Soulcalibur	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
FLCL	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
FLCL	publisher	Kodansha
Magic Knight Rayearth	publisher	Kodansha
The Urantia Book	publisher	Urantia Foundation , others
The White Plague	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Santaroga Barrier	publisher	Berkley Books
Goodbye, Columbus	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Pool of Radiance	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Pool of Radiance	publisher	Pony Canyon
SimEarth	publisher	Maxis
The Tale of Genji	publisher	Kodansha
Red Storm Rising	publisher	Putnam Publishing
God's Debris	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing, LLC
Lady Chatterley's Lover	publisher	Tipografia Giuntina
Forgotten Realms: Unlimited Adventures	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Sorrows of Young Werther	publisher	Weygand'sche Buchhandlung, Leipzig
The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling	publisher	Andrew Millar
Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius	publisher	Sur
Arkanoid	publisher	Taito Corporation
Arkanoid	publisher	Romstar
The Fall	publisher	Vintage Books
The Golden Hour	publisher	Amulet Books
The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers	publisher	Rip Off Press
Daily Mail	publisher	DMG Media
Bangai-O	publisher	ESP
Bangai-O	publisher	Swing! Entertainment Media AG
Bangai-O	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Bangai-O	publisher	D3 Publisher
America's Army	publisher	United States Army
Inside the Third Reich	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Phantom Tollbooth	publisher	Random House
Hitman 2: Silent Assassin	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Les Fleurs du mal	publisher	Auguste Poulet-Malassis
Icehouse pieces	publisher	Looney Labs
Future Shock	publisher	Random House
The Hundred and One Dalmatians	publisher	Heinemann
A Philosophical Investigation	publisher	Chatto and Windus
A Philosophical Investigation	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
The Tortilla Curtain	publisher	Viking Press
The Fountainhead	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Invisible Cities	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Last Continent	publisher	Doubleday
The Last Continent	publisher	London
Berserker	publisher	Ballantine Books
Berserker	publisher	1967 in literature
Berserker	publisher	Penguin Books
Berserker	publisher	1970 in literature
Berserker	publisher	1985 in literature
Berserker	publisher	Ace Books
Berserker	publisher	1978 in literature
Berserker	publisher	1979 in literature
Berserker	publisher	1980 in literature
Berserker	publisher	1984 in literature
Berserker	publisher	1992 in literature
Paranoia	publisher	West End Games
Paranoia	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
Blackthorne	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Blackthorne	publisher	MacPlay
Blackthorne	publisher	Blizzard
The Constant Nymph	publisher	Heinemann
American Gods	publisher	HarperCollins
American Gods	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Marmalade Boy	publisher	Shueisha
Marmalade Boy	publisher	Shueisha
Stardust	publisher	Avon
The Snowman	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
World on Fire	publisher	Doubleday
World on Fire	publisher	Anchor Books
Hellblazer	publisher	DC Comics
Hellblazer	publisher	Vertigo
Hellblazer	publisher	Titan Books
Usagi Yojimbo	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Usagi Yojimbo	publisher	Thoughts and Images
Usagi Yojimbo	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Usagi Yojimbo	publisher	Mirage Studios
Usagi Yojimbo	publisher	Radio Comix
Foreign Affairs	publisher	Council on Foreign Relations
Sidereus Nuncius	publisher	Thomas Baglioni
Necessary Illusions	publisher	South End Press
Necessary Illusions	publisher	Pluto Press
Children of the Mind	publisher	Tor Books
The Sims Online	publisher	Electronic Arts
Time Slave	publisher	DAW Books
The Silver Chalice	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Thus Spoke Zarathustra	publisher	Ernst Schmeitzner
Skeptical Inquirer	publisher	Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Skeptical Inquirer	publisher	Center for Inquiry
Slaughterhouse-Five	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Catcher in the Rye	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Name of the Rose	publisher	Bompiani
The Name of the Rose	publisher	Harcourt
The Member of the Wedding	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Silent Hunter II	publisher	Ubisoft
Silent Hunter	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Life	publisher	Clair Maxwell
Life	publisher	Henry Luce
Burr	publisher	Random House
Magnificent Obsession	publisher	Willett, Clark & Colby
Shōgun	publisher	Delacorte Press  Hodder & Stoughton
Goodnight Moon	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Betty and Veronica	publisher	Archie Comics
Jughead	publisher	Archie Comics
Xenophobe	publisher	Bally Midway
Xenophobe	publisher	Atari
Xenophobe	publisher	SunSoft
Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships	publisher	Navy Dept., Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, Naval History Division
The Simpsons: Road Rage	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Simpsons: Road Rage	publisher	THQ
Portnoy's Complaint	publisher	Random House
Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools	publisher	Pearson Education, Inc
Elbow Room	publisher	MIT Press
The Adventures of Captain Underpants	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
The Adventures of Captain Underpants	publisher	Scholastic
The Rowan	publisher	Ace Books
The Battle of the River Plate	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton, Rinehart , White Lion Publishers
Andromeda	publisher	Molodaya Gvardiya
Andromeda	publisher	Foreign Languages Publishing House
The Nine Nations of North America	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Bad Seed	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Ecotopia	publisher	Ernest Callenbach ; later Bantam Books ; 30th-Anniversary edition, Heyday Books
Blood Bowl	publisher	Games Workshop
Magic Tree House	publisher	Random House
Magic Tree House	publisher	Media Factory
Life, the Universe and Everything	publisher	Pan Books
Life, the Universe and Everything	publisher	Harmony Books
Meetings with Remarkable Men	publisher	Routledge & Kegan Paul
Meetings with Remarkable Men	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson	publisher	Harcourt
Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson	publisher	E.P. Dutton & Co., Inc.
Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson	publisher	Two Rivers Press
Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson	publisher	Penguin Arkana
Stupid White Men	publisher	HarperCollins
The Mind's I	publisher	Bantam Books
The Times Literary Supplement	publisher	News UK
Pebble in the Sky	publisher	Doubleday
720°	publisher	Atari Games
Dungeon Magic: Sword of the Elements	publisher	Taito Corporation
Crystalis	publisher	SNK
Crystalis	publisher	Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker	publisher	Nintendo
Dred: A Tale of the Great Dismal Swamp	publisher	Phillips, Sampson and Company
Science	publisher	American Association for the Advancement of Science
The Best Democracy Money Can Buy	publisher	Pluto Press, London
Destiny of an Emperor	publisher	Capcom
SimAnt	publisher	Maxis
The Tenant of Wildfell Hall	publisher	Thomas Cautley Newby
Hamtaro	publisher	Shogakukan
Uncle Tungsten	publisher	Vintage Books
The Tell-Tale Heart	publisher	James Russell Lowell
The Report from Iron Mountain	publisher	Dial Press
Ender's Shadow	publisher	Tor Books
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	publisher	*
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	publisher	Granada plc
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	publisher	1979
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	publisher	Orbit Books
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	publisher	19931999
World Book Encyclopedia	publisher	Scott Fetzer Company, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
Cards on the Table	publisher	Collins Crime Club
F-Zero	publisher	Nintendo
Nickel and Dimed	publisher	Metropolitan Books
GoldenEye 007	publisher	Nintendo
Perfect Dark	publisher	Nintendo
The General	publisher	Michael Joseph
The General	publisher	Little, Brown, and Company
Star Control II	publisher	Accolade
The Bell Jar	publisher	Heinemann
Jude the Obscure	publisher	Osgood, McIlvaine, & Co.
Democracy in America	publisher	Saunders and Otley
The Giver	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Neanderthals, Bandits and Farmers	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Jungle Book	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Solitary Grief	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson Ltd
The Prince and the Pauper	publisher	James R. Osgood & Co.
Sourcery	publisher	Victor Gollancz in association with Colin Smythe
Archon: The Light and the Dark	publisher	Electronic Arts
Archon: The Light and the Dark	publisher	Ariolasoft
It Can't Happen Here	publisher	Doubleday
My Brilliant Career	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
Anarchy Online	publisher	Funcom
Neverwinter Nights	publisher	Infogrames
Neverwinter Nights	publisher	MacSoft Games
Seven Years in Tibet	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
Seven Years in Tibet	publisher	E.P. Dutton
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe	publisher	Pan Books
In the Penal Colony	publisher	Kurt Wolff
The Teenage Liberation Handbook	publisher	Lowry House Publishers
Shakespeare's sonnets	publisher	Thomas Thorpe
The Rebel Angels	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
Macrolife	publisher	Harper & Row
Apologia Pro Vita Sua	publisher	Longman, Green, Longman, Roberts & Green
Till We Have Faces	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Moonstone	publisher	William Tinsley
That Hideous Strength	publisher	The Bodley Head
In Cold Blood	publisher	Random House
The Sleeping Beauty Quartet	publisher	E. P. Dutton/Plume, New York, NY, U.S.A.
The Legacy of Heorot	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Heart of the Matter	publisher	William Heinemann
The Man Who Awoke	publisher	Ballantine Books
Zaxxon	publisher	Sega
Sonic Adventure	publisher	Sega
Arrow in the Blue	publisher	Collins with Hamish Hamilton
Horrible Histories	publisher	Scholastic
Star Trek: Armada	publisher	Activision
Star Trek: Armada II	publisher	Activision
Star Trek: The Next Generation – A Final Unity	publisher	MicroProse
Star Trek Generations	publisher	MicroProse
Star Trek: Bridge Commander	publisher	Activision
Star Trek: 25th Anniversary	publisher	Interplay Productions
Hacking Matter	publisher	Basic Books
Nigger: An Autobiography by Dick Gregory	publisher	E.P. Dutton h/b
Nigger: An Autobiography by Dick Gregory	publisher	Pocket Books p/b
Critique of Dialectical Reason	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Rick Dangerous	publisher	Rainbird Software
The NewZealand Story	publisher	Taito
Earth & Beyond	publisher	Electronic Arts
Marathon Man	publisher	Delacorte Press
Astro Boy	publisher	Kobunsha
Rainbow Islands: The Story of Bubble Bobble 2	publisher	Taito
Kimba the White Lion	publisher	Gakudosha
Kimba the White Lion	publisher	Kobunsha
Kimba the White Lion	publisher	Kodansha
Rurouni Kenshin	publisher	Shueisha
The Astronomical Journal	publisher	IOP Publishing for the American Astronomical Society
Black Mask	publisher	Pro-Distributors Publishing Company, 1920-40; Popular Publications 1940-51
The Astrophysical Journal	publisher	IOP Publishing for the American Astronomical Society
Oracle Encyclopædia	publisher	London: G. Newnes, limited,
Executive Orders	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distort the News	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Velveteen Rabbit	publisher	George H. Doran Company
Daikatana	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Daikatana	publisher	Kemco
Just William	publisher	George Newnes
Fat Cat	publisher	Disney Comics
Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers	publisher	Disney Comics
Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers	publisher	Boom! Studios
Au Bonheur des Dames	publisher	Charpentier
Tecmo Super Bowl	publisher	Tecmo
Prince of Persia	publisher	Brøderbund
The Second Jungle Book	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Absalom, Absalom!	publisher	Random House
NBA Jam	publisher	Midway Games
NBA Jam	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Brideshead Revisited	publisher	Chapman and Hall
The Collector	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Collector	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
King Solomon's Carpet	publisher	Viking Press
King Solomon's Carpet	publisher	Harmony Books
Uncle and His Detective	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Uncle Cleans Up	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Adventures of Luther Arkwright	publisher	Valkyrie Press
Planet of the Apes	publisher	Le cercle du nouveau livre
Doshin the Giant	publisher	Nintendo
Nutty	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Buzz	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Metal Gear Solid	publisher	Konami
The Small House at Allington	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
The Small House at Allington	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
National Review	publisher	Jack Fowler
Tree and Leaf	publisher	George Allen and Unwin
The Bungalow Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Framley Parsonage	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
Framley Parsonage	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Google Hacks	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Go Ask Alice	publisher	Simon Pulse
Nine Stories	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Susannah of the Mounties	publisher	J. M. Dent
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Prozac Nation	publisher	Riverhead Trade
Death in the Clouds	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Halsbury's Laws of England	publisher	LexisNexis Butterworths
The Mysterious Affair at Styles	publisher	John Lane
Sweep	publisher	Penguin Group
Quest for Glory III: Wages of War	publisher	Sierra
Leisure Suit Larry: Love for Sail!	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Quest for Glory II: Trial by Fire	publisher	Sierra
Hypnerotomachia Poliphili	publisher	Aldus Manutius
Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge	publisher	LucasArts
The Invincible	publisher	Wydawnictwo MON
The Invincible	publisher	Seabury Press
India Today	publisher	Aroon Purie
Mrs Dalloway	publisher	Hogarth Press
Principles of Economics	publisher	Braumüller
Everything's Eventual	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Sleeping Murder	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Joust	publisher	Williams Electronics
Battle Royale	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Unfinished Tales	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Crooked House	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Star Trek: Starfleet Command	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Star Fleet Battles	publisher	Amarillo Design Bureau
Strategy & Tactics	publisher	Decision Games
New York Herald	publisher	James Gordon Bennett, Sr.
New York Herald	publisher	James Gordon Bennett, Jr.
The Lord of the Rings Roleplaying Game	publisher	Decipher Inc.
Great Teacher Onizuka	publisher	Kodansha
Civilization II	publisher	MicroProse
X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	publisher	United States National Academy of Sciences
A Study in Scarlet	publisher	Ward Lock & Co
Project-X	publisher	Team17
Phineas Finn	publisher	St. Paul's  George Virtue
Cranford	publisher	Serial:Household Words
Wives and Daughters	publisher	Cornhill Magazine ; Smith, Elder and Company, book
Beyond the Limits	publisher	Chelsea Green Publishing
Rise of the Robots	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Rise of the Robots	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Rise of the Robots	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Ghouls 'n Ghosts	publisher	Capcom
Eightball	publisher	Fantagraphics
Glue	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Glue	publisher	W W Norton
Travels with My Aunt	publisher	The Bodley Head
Ann Veronica	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Glimpses of World History	publisher	Penguin Books
Amaravati Kathalu	publisher	Navodaya Publishers, Eluru Road, VIjayawada
Little Lord Fauntleroy	publisher	Scribner's
The Hindu	publisher	N. Ram
The Times of India	publisher	The Times Group
Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3	publisher	Nintendo
Sonic Heroes	publisher	Sega
The Dark Eye	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
The Dark Eye	publisher	Fantasy Productions
The Dark Eye	publisher	Ulisses Spiele
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker	publisher	W. Johnson and B. Collins
The Lover	publisher	Editions de Minuit
Voices of a Distant Star	publisher	Media Factory
Voices of a Distant Star	publisher	Kodansha
The Sound and the Fury	publisher	Jonathan Cape and Harrison Smith
The Duke's Children	publisher	All The Year Round
The Duke's Children	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Phineas Redux	publisher	The Graphic ; Chapman & Hall
Nine Princes in Amber	publisher	Doubleday
The Hand of Oberon	publisher	Doubleday
The Guns of Avalon	publisher	Doubleday
The Courts of Chaos	publisher	Doubleday
Sign of the Unicorn	publisher	Doubleday
The Quest for Fire	publisher	Pantheon Books
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Kare Kano	publisher	Hakusensha
Fighter Ace	publisher	Microsoft
Corridor 7: Alien Invasion	publisher	IntraCorp
Corridor 7: Alien Invasion	publisher	GameTek
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	Dell Comics
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	Gold Key Comics
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	Disney Comics
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	Gladstone Publishing
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	Gemstone Publishing
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	Boom Kids!
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Joy of Sex	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
SunDog: Frozen Legacy	publisher	FTL Games/Accolade
Roadmarks	publisher	Del Rey Books
Power Stone	publisher	Capcom, Eidos
The Tommyknockers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Anarchy in Action	publisher	George Allen & Unwin and Freedom Press , Harper & Row
Naruto	publisher	Shueisha
253	publisher	HarperCollins
Columns	publisher	Sega
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Galactic Civilizations	publisher	Strategy First
Enter the Matrix	publisher	Infogrames
Lost Boys	publisher	HarperCollins
The Eustace Diamonds	publisher	Fortnightly Review
The Eustace Diamonds	publisher	Chapman and Hall
The Old Wives' Tale	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Anna of the Five Towns	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Trainspotting	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Death: The High Cost of Living	publisher	Vertigo
Laughing Gas	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Laughing Gas	publisher	Doubleday
Puerto Rico	publisher	Alea
Puerto Rico	publisher	Grow Jogos e Brinquedos
Puerto Rico	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Puerto Rico	publisher	Κάισσα
Puerto Rico	publisher	Devir
Puerto Rico	publisher	Lacerta
The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians	publisher	Oxford University Press
The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians	publisher	
We	publisher	Avon Books
Hikaru no Go	publisher	Shueisha
Migraine	publisher	Vintage Books
Alternate Reality	publisher	Datasoft
Without Remorse	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Netrunner	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Street Fighter II: The World Warrior	publisher	Capcom
Democracy: An American Novel	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
The Black Tulip	publisher	Baudry, Paris 1850
Cujo	publisher	Viking Press
Human Action	publisher	Yale University Press, Ludwig von Mises Institute
More Joy in Heaven	publisher	Random House
Sid Meier's Colonization	publisher	MicroProse
Tomorrow Stories	publisher	America's Best Comics
Lar Gand	publisher	DC Comics
The Universe in a Nutshell	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City	publisher	Rockstar Games
Warring States	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
Vandread	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The British Museum Is Falling Down	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
The Practice Effect	publisher	Bantam Books
Speed Racer	publisher	Shueisha
Speed Racer	publisher	Sun Wide Comics
Speed Racer	publisher	Fusosha
Speed Racer	publisher	Shogakukan
Killer Instinct	publisher	Midway Games
Killer Instinct	publisher	Rareware
Killer Instinct	publisher	Nintendo
The History Man	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Forme of Cury	publisher	Richard II of England
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People	publisher	Free Press
The Turn of the Screw	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Turn of the Screw	publisher	New York City
The Turn of the Screw	publisher	Heinemann
The Turn of the Screw	publisher	London
Return to Zork	publisher	Infocom
Fray	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
.hack	publisher	Bandai
.hack	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Shadow of the Hegemon	publisher	Tor Books
Frindle	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
1963	publisher	Image Comics
Maxim	publisher	Biglari Holdings
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Prince Caspian	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Diary of a Nobody	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith Ltd, London
Primary Colors	publisher	Random House
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd	publisher	William Collins, Sons
A Moveable Feast	publisher	Scribner's
A Moveable Feast	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The A.B.C. Murders	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Crossing the Chasm	publisher	HarperCollins
The Futurological Congress	publisher	Seabury Press
Angela's Ashes	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Oscar and Lucinda	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Jay's Journal	publisher	Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group
Their Eyes Were Watching God	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
From the Earth to the Moon	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Underworld	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Seven Pillars of Wisdom	publisher	private edition
The Oath	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
The Difference Engine	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell	publisher	Aspyr Media
Testament of Youth	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Testament of Youth	publisher	Macmillan
Ethan of Athos	publisher	Baen Books
Warlords	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
The Blind Assassin	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Carcassonne	publisher	Hans im Glück
Carcassonne	publisher	Z-Man Games
Carcassonne	publisher	999
Carcassonne	publisher	Фантасмагория
Carcassonne	publisher	Lautapelit.fi
Carcassonne	publisher	Κάισσα
Carcassonne	publisher	Brain Games
Carcassonne	publisher	メビウスゲームズ
Carcassonne	publisher	Giochi Uniti
Carcassonne	publisher	Devir
Carcassonne	publisher	Grow Jogos e Brinquedos
Carcassonne	publisher	MINDOK
Carcassonne	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Carcassonne	publisher	Hobby World
Mommie Dearest	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Who Moved My Cheese%3F	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
God & Golem, Inc.	publisher	MIT Press
Lord Edgware Dies	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Captain Corelli's Mandolin	publisher	Secker & Warburg
RuneScape	publisher	Jagex
Awake!	publisher	Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
The Watchtower	publisher	Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
The Hotel New Hampshire	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Battleships	publisher	Elite Systems
The Bridge	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Bombuzal	publisher	Image Works Kemco
Oxyd	publisher	Dongleware Verlags GmbH
Utopia: The Creation of a Nation	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Utopia: The Creation of a Nation	publisher	Jaleco
Utopia: The Creation of a Nation	publisher	Epic/Sony Records
Armour-Geddon	publisher	Psygnosis
The Perfect General	publisher	Quantum Quality Productions
The Perfect General	publisher	Ubisoft
The Perfect General	publisher	Killer Bee Software
The Perfect General	publisher	Kirin Entertainment
Mobile Suit Victory Gundam	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Suit Victory Gundam	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Turn A Gundam	publisher	Kodansha
Turn A Gundam	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Fancy Lala	publisher	Shueisha
Mobile Fighter G Gundam	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Fighter G Gundam	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mobile Fighter G Gundam	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Fighter G Gundam	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dhalgren	publisher	Bantam Books
The Scar	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Shufflepuck Café	publisher	Brøderbund
Shufflepuck Café	publisher	Ubisoft
James Pond	publisher	Electronic Arts
James Pond	publisher	Millennium Interactive
The Great Giana Sisters	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Shadow of the Beast	publisher	Psygnosis
Black Jack	publisher	Akita Shoten
Black Jack	publisher	Akita Shoten
Princess Tutu	publisher	Akita Shoten
Eye of the Beholder	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Eye of the Beholder	publisher	Capcom
Eye of the Beholder	publisher	Sega
Eye of the Beholder	publisher	Pony Canyon, Inc.
Eye of the Beholder	publisher	Infogrames
Treasure Island Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Speedball	publisher	Image Works
Concise Oxford English Dictionary	publisher	Oxford University Press
Wrecking Crew	publisher	Nintendo
Wrecking Crew	publisher	Nintendo
Hustler	publisher	Larry Flynt
Cold Comfort Farm	publisher	Longmans
The Chaos Engine	publisher	Renegade Software
Household Words	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
Hatter's Castle	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Hatter's Castle	publisher	Little, Brown
Honō no Tenkōsei	publisher	Shogakukan
Sniffin' Glue	publisher	Mark Perry
Death in Venice	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Cerebus the Aardvark	publisher	Aardvark-Vanaheim
Effi Briest	publisher	Philipp Reclam jun. Stuttgart &
Buddenbrooks	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag, Berlin
Wish	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Acme Novelty Library	publisher	Fantagraphics
Acme Novelty Library	publisher	Self-published
The Day of the Jackal	publisher	Hutchinson
The Day of the Jackal	publisher	Viking Press
The Comics Journal	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Hate	publisher	Fantagraphics
The Egyptian	publisher	Werner Söderström Osakeyhtiö
The New Republic	publisher	Hamilton Fish V
Backyard Basketball	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment SA
Backyard Basketball	publisher	Atari
Backyard Basketball	publisher	Atari
A Presumption of Death	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Tenured Professor	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
A Tenured Professor	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson
Trumps of Doom	publisher	Arbor House
The Baltimore Sun	publisher	Trif Alatzas
People's Daily	publisher	Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Phoenix Command	publisher	Leading Edge Games
Nice Work	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Het Parool	publisher	De Persgroep
Pit	publisher	Winning Moves
List of Nikola Tesla patents	publisher	Barnes & Noble
The Books of Magic	publisher	DC Comics
Naked Lunch	publisher	Olympia Press
Naked Lunch	publisher	Grove Press
Tapper	publisher	Bally Midway
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	publisher	Infocom
Escape Velocity Nova	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Excel Saga	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Health Economics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Desperation	publisher	Viking Press
A Gift Upon the Shore	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Chrysalids	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Bard's Tale	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Bard's Tale	publisher	Ariolasoft
Who Goes There%3F	publisher	Analog Science Fiction and Fact
Pinball Construction Set	publisher	BudgeCo
Pinball Construction Set	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pinball Construction Set	publisher	Ariolasoft
Strong Motion	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Blood of Amber	publisher	Arbor House
Blood of Amber	publisher	Underwood-Miller
Sign of Chaos	publisher	Arbor House
Knight of Shadows	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Porno	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Prince of Chaos	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Macquarie Dictionary	publisher	Macquarie Dictionary Publishers
Save Me the Waltz	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Love of the Last Tycoon	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
It	publisher	Viking Press
Stellvia	publisher	MediaWorks
Angry Candy	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents	publisher	Doubleday
Permutation City	publisher	Millennium Orion Publishing Group
Fieldwork	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle	publisher	Kodansha
The Wee Free Men	publisher	Doubleday
The Dark Side of the Sun	publisher	Colin Smythe Ltd
Bluebeard	publisher	Delacorte Press
Soul Music	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Tirant lo Blanch	publisher	Martí Joan de Galba
Fever Pitch	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
How to Be Good	publisher	Viking Press
Thunderball	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ehrgeiz	publisher	Arcade
Ehrgeiz	publisher	Namco
Ehrgeiz	publisher	PlayStation
Ehrgeiz	publisher	PlayStation Network
India Unbound	publisher	Penguin Books
Principles of Compiler Design	publisher	Addison-Wesley
The Scarlet Letter	publisher	Ticknor and Fields
Apples to Apples	publisher	Pegasus Spiele, Out of the Box, Mattel
Two Years Before the Mast	publisher	Harper and Brothers
Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi	publisher	Kodansha
Azumanga Daioh	publisher	MediaWorks
Azumanga Daioh	publisher	Shogakukan
The Silent Service	publisher	Kodansha
The G-String Murders	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Economic Geology	publisher	Economic Geology Publishing Company
The Topper	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
The Leopard Man's Story	publisher	''Leslie's Weekly
Sorry!	publisher	BCM
Sorry!	publisher	Parker Brothers
Sorry!	publisher	Waddingtons
Sorry!	publisher	Winning Moves
Lupin the Third	publisher	Futabasha
Lupin the Third	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
The Alexandria Quartet	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Alexandria Quartet	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Mrs Craddock	publisher	William Heinemann
Berserk	publisher	Hakusensha
Hideous Kinky	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Elite	publisher	Acornsoft
Elite	publisher	Firebird Software
Elite	publisher	Imagineer
Elite	publisher	Firebird
Myra Breckinridge	publisher	Little, Brown
Dagbladet Information	publisher	S Information
Politiken	publisher	Politikens Hus
Halo: Combat Evolved	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Operation Shylock	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dragon Half	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Kanon	publisher	Paradigm
Kanon	publisher	MediaWorks
Kanon	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Stand	publisher	Doubleday
Empire Earth	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Man with the Golden Gun	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Vampire: The Dark Ages	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
A.I. Love You	publisher	Kodansha
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater	publisher	Activision
Heroes Unlimited	publisher	Palladium Books
Adventure Island II	publisher	Hudson Soft
Who Censored Roger Rabbit%3F	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Beneath a Steel Sky	publisher	Virgin Interactive
S-CRY-ed	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System	publisher	Microsoft Home
Communications of the ACM	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Lost Cities	publisher	Kosmos
Lost Cities	publisher	Rio Grande Games
High Society	publisher	Magna Publishing Group
Radar Scope	publisher	Nintendo
Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About	publisher	Flame
Ring for Jeeves	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Phantasy Star Online	publisher	Sega
Metroid Prime	publisher	Nintendo
Computer Space	publisher	Nutting Associates
Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz	publisher	Kodansha
Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Blackmoor	publisher	Tactical Studies Rules
Blackmoor	publisher	Zeitgeist Games
Analects	publisher	c. 4th century BC
Connect Four	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Connect Four	publisher	Hasbro
Icewind Dale	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Icewind Dale	publisher	MacPlay
Witchblade	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Custer's Revenge	publisher	Mystique
Asheron's Call 2: Fallen Kings	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Asheron's Call 2: Fallen Kings	publisher	Turbine
Asheron's Call 2: Fallen Kings	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Lazarus Effect	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The First Stone	publisher	Picador Australia
The Way of the Exploding Fist	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
The Whispering Vault	publisher	Pariah Press, Ronin Publishing
Vagrant Story	publisher	Square
Master of Orion	publisher	MicroProse
Schild's Ladder	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Diaspora	publisher	Millennium
Sex and the City	publisher	Warner Books
The Murder on the Links	publisher	The Bodley Head
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil	publisher	Random House
Granta	publisher	Sigrid Rausing
The New York Review of Books	publisher	Rea S. Hederman
Maclean's	publisher	Rogers Media
American Splendor	publisher	Harvey Pekar
American Splendor	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
American Splendor	publisher	DC Comics
Gravitation	publisher	Gentosha
Case Closed	publisher	Shogakukan
Galaxy Express 999	publisher	Shogakukan
Johnny the Homicidal Maniac	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
The Years of Rice and Salt	publisher	Bantam Books
The Years of Rice and Salt	publisher	HarperCollins
The Fourth Protocol	publisher	Hutchinson
The Adventures of Tom Bombadil	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Sonic the Hedgehog	publisher	Sega
BJU International	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Downsize This!	publisher	Pan Books
AP Stylebook	publisher	Basic Books
Teen Titans	publisher	DC Comics
Snood	publisher	Snood, LLC
Snood	publisher	Destination Software
Snood	publisher	EA Mobile
Paris-Dakar Rally	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
HackMaster	publisher	Kenzer & Company
The Gods Themselves	publisher	Doubleday
The Southern Review	publisher	Louisiana State University Press
Final Fight	publisher	Capcom
Charlotte's Web	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Castle Wolfenstein	publisher	Muse Software
Magna Veritas	publisher	Siroz Productions
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman	publisher	Ann Ward , Dodsley , Becket & DeHondt
Gadsby	publisher	Wetzel Publishing Co.
Howl's Moving Castle	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Joy	publisher	Century
Breakfast of Champions	publisher	Delacorte Press
Mother Night	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Mother Night	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Geographers' A–Z Street Atlas	publisher	Geographers' A-Z Map Company Ltd.
Multiverser	publisher	Valdron, Inc.
The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons and Oracle of Ages	publisher	Nintendo
The Forbidden Forest	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
In These Times	publisher	Joel Bleifuss
I Am Mary Dunne	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Datenschleuder	publisher	Chaos Computer Club e.V.
Overman King Gainer	publisher	Media Factory
Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Freedom Evolves	publisher	Viking Books
Doom 3	publisher	Activision
Doom 3	publisher	Aspyr Media
Tetris Worlds	publisher	THQ
Rainbow Six	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Centipede	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Jasmine	publisher	Grove Press; 1st ed.
Far from the Madding Crowd	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
Total Annihilation	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Total Annihilation	publisher	Wargaming.net
The Journeyman Project	publisher	Presto Studios
The Journeyman Project	publisher	Sanctuary Woods
The Journeyman Project	publisher	Bandai
Vineland	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Hallowe'en Party	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Secret of Mana	publisher	Square
Empire of the Sun	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them	publisher	Dutton Penguin
RedEye	publisher	Maggie Wartik
Luminous	publisher	Millennium
Banjo-Tooie	publisher	Nintendo
Banjo-Tooie	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Banjo-Kazooie	publisher	Nintendo
Banjo-Kazooie	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Maurice	publisher	Hodder Arnold
The Road Ahead	publisher	Viking Penguin
Descent: FreeSpace – The Great War	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Descent: FreeSpace – The Great War	publisher	Haage & Partner
Ace Combat 04: Shattered Skies	publisher	Namco
Battlefield 1942	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Battlefield 1942	publisher	Mac OS X
Battlefield 1942	publisher	Aspyr Media
Athena	publisher	SNK
The Black Obelisk	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
Daily Star	publisher	Northern & Shell Media
Three Comrades	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Three Comrades	publisher	Hutchinson and Co
Iron John: A Book About Men	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Europa Universalis	publisher	Strategy First
Aspects of Love	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Sonic the Hedgehog	publisher	Sega
The Forever War	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Goal	publisher	North River Press
Bambi, a Life in the Woods	publisher	Ullstein Verlag
Robots and Empire	publisher	Doubleday
Foundation	publisher	Gnome Press
Second Foundation	publisher	Gnome Press
Urotsukidōji	publisher	Wani Magazine
Unsafe at Any Speed	publisher	Grossman Publishers
Wolf's Rain	publisher	Kodansha
Under Ash	publisher	Dar al-Fikr
PiHKAL	publisher	Transform Press
Special Force	publisher	Hezbollah
Miracle Piano Teaching System	publisher	The Software Toolworks
Logan's Run	publisher	Dial Press
Battlezone	publisher	Atari
Starflight	publisher	Electronic Arts
Hovertank 3D	publisher	Softdisk
Catacomb 3-D	publisher	Softdisk
Girlfriend in a Coma	publisher	HarperCollins Canada
Sonic the Hedgehog CD	publisher	Sega
The Anarchist Cookbook	publisher	Lyle Stuart
Schindler's Ark	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Reasons and Persons	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Sparrow	publisher	Villard
Chariots of the Gods%3F	publisher	Bonnier Group
Zany Golf	publisher	Electronic Arts
Zool 2	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Civilization III	publisher	Infogrames
Civilization III	publisher	MacSoft
Arduin	publisher	David A. Hargrave, Grimoire Games, Dragon Tree Press, Emperor's Choice Games and Miniatures
Red Rabbit	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Ristar	publisher	Sega
Zendo	publisher	Looney Labs
Family Matters	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Structure of Scientific Revolutions	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Sartoris	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Virtua Cop	publisher	Sega
Babbitt	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
A Boy and His Blob: Trouble on Blobolonia	publisher	Majesco
Vagabond	publisher	Kodansha
Fusion	publisher	Eclipse Comics
The Farthest Shore	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Manual	publisher	KLF Publications
The Quiet American	publisher	Heinemann
Exalted	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Angel Sanctuary	publisher	Hakusensha
The Robots of Death	publisher	Target Books
Feet of Clay	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Cask of Amontillado	publisher	Godey's Lady's Book
Thursbitch	publisher	The Harvill Press
Quo Vadis	publisher	Polish dailies  and Little, Brown
Join Me	publisher	Ebury Press
Ripley's Game	publisher	Heinemann
Ripley's Game	publisher	Random House
An American Tragedy	publisher	Horace Liveright
Bahamut Lagoon	publisher	Square
Something Happened	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Harp in the South	publisher	Angus & Robertson, Australia
Winesburg, Ohio	publisher	B.W. Huebsch
A Child's History of England	publisher	London
A Child's History of England	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Skate or Die!	publisher	Electronic Arts
Skate or Die!	publisher	Ultra Games
El Eternauta	publisher	Frontera
Christine	publisher	Viking Press
Europa Universalis II	publisher	Strategy First
Nova Express	publisher	Grove Press
Winnie-the-Pooh	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Star Wars Customizable Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
Take Back Your Government	publisher	Baen
Fiasco	publisher	Fischer Verlag
Fiasco	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
The God of Small Things	publisher	IndiaInk, India
Invasion of the Dinosaurs	publisher	Target Books
State of Decay	publisher	Target Books
Time and the Rani	publisher	Target Books
The Mark of the Rani	publisher	Target Books
2300 AD	publisher	Game Designers' Workshop
9 Tales of Space and Time	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Negima! Magister Negi Magi	publisher	Kodansha
Zelda II: The Adventure of Link	publisher	Nintendo
Blue Gender	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Le Devoir	publisher	Brian Myles
Yu-Gi-Oh!	publisher	Shueisha
Quicksilver	publisher	William Morrowimprint of HarperCollins
Searchlight	publisher	Gerry Gable
Life on the Mississippi	publisher	James R. Osgood & Co., Boston
Life on the Mississippi	publisher	Chatto & Windus, London
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	William G. Brownlow
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	;
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	Mason R. Lyon
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	Valentine Garland
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	C.P. Byers
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	J.W. O'Brien
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	E.B.P. Kinslow
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	T. Haws and Company
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	Joseph Alexander Mabry, Sr.
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	Saunders and Clark
Brownlow's Whig	publisher	.
Delta and the Bannermen	publisher	Target Books
The Colour of Magic	publisher	Colin Smythe
The Light Fantastic	publisher	Colin Smythe
Children of the Atom	publisher	Gnome Press
Amazing Fantasy	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Postman Always Rings Twice	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Siddhartha	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Siddhartha	publisher	Hermann Hesse Society of India
American McGee's Alice	publisher	Electronic Arts
Equal Rites	publisher	Victor Gollancz in association with Colin Smythe
SchNEWS	publisher	Justice?
Guards! Guards!	publisher	Corgi
Pyramids	publisher	Corgi
Foundation and Empire	publisher	Gnome Press
Married Love	publisher	The Critic and Guide Company
Star Wars Galaxies	publisher	LucasArts
Rupert Bear	publisher	Daily Express
The Master and Margarita	publisher	YMCA Press
Riven	publisher	Red Orb Entertainment
Riven	publisher	Mean Hamster Software
ChuChu Rocket!	publisher	Sega
Disgrace	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Kerrang!	publisher	Bauer Media Group
The Lords of Discipline	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Sonic Adventure 2	publisher	Sega
Playgirl	publisher	Magna Publishing Group
Engines of Creation	publisher	Doubleday
The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat	publisher	Summit Books
The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat	publisher	Gerald Duckworth
BurgerTime	publisher	Data East
BurgerTime	publisher	Midway Games
The Floating Admiral	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Eric	publisher	Victor Gollancz / Corgi
The Sirens of Titan	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Sirens of Titan	publisher	Dell Publishing
Mila 18	publisher	Doubleday
Constantine's Sword	publisher	Mariner Books
Show Me!	publisher	Jugenddienst
How Few Remain	publisher	Ballantine Books
How Few Remain	publisher	Del Rey Books
Perelandra	publisher	The Bodley Head
Pathways into Darkness	publisher	Bungie Software Products Corporation
The Dragons of Eden	publisher	Random House
Teranesia	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Growth Fetish	publisher	Allen & Unwin
F-Zero X	publisher	Nintendo
On the Road	publisher	Viking Press
Man's Search for Meaning	publisher	Verlag für Jugend und Volk
Man's Search for Meaning	publisher	Beacon Press
Asimov's Science Fiction	publisher	Penny Publications
Doom II: Hell on Earth	publisher	GT Interactive Software
The Last Hero	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Vernon God Little	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Late, Great Planet Earth	publisher	Zondervan
Vile Bodies	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Gilgamesh the King	publisher	Arbor House
Roma Eterna	publisher	Eos Books
Terminus	publisher	Target Books
Paradise Towers	publisher	Target Books
Lila: An Inquiry into Morals	publisher	Bantam Books
The Emerald City of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Pay Day	publisher	Parker Brothers
Pay Day	publisher	Winning Moves
The Robber Bride	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Quake 4	publisher	Activision
Quake 4	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Day of the Locust	publisher	Random House
On Her Majesty's Secret Service	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Mote in God's Eye	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Initial D	publisher	Kodansha
Dark Age of Camelot	publisher	Vivendi Games
Dark Age of Camelot	publisher	Wanadoo
Dark Age of Camelot	publisher	Electronic Arts
Orsinian Tales	publisher	Harper & Row United States
The Egg and I	publisher	J. B. Lippincott
ZZT	publisher	Potomac Computer Systems
Chip's Challenge	publisher	*
Chip's Challenge	publisher	Atari
Chip's Challenge	publisher	U.S. Gold
Chip's Challenge	publisher	Epyx
Chip's Challenge	publisher	Microsoft Home
Best of Microsoft Entertainment Pack	publisher	Microsoft Home
Eternal Champions	publisher	Sega
Total Annihilation: Kingdoms	publisher	GT Interactive
Persuasion	publisher	John Murray
Stand on Zanzibar	publisher	Doubleday
Formosa Magazine	publisher	Huang Hsin-chieh
Rubyfruit Jungle	publisher	VT: Daughters
Fallen Dragon	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Men's Health	publisher	Rodale Press
Count Zero	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Mona Lisa Overdrive	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice	publisher	Verso Books
BMX XXX	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Glory of Their Times	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Curses, Hexes and Spells	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Plague Dogs	publisher	Allan Lane
A Journal of the Plague Year	publisher	E. Nutt
Skellig	publisher	Hodder Headline
Diary of an Ordinary Woman	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Max Payne	publisher	Gathering of Developers
The Road to Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Last Battle	publisher	The Bodley Head
Seventeen	publisher	Hearst
After the Funeral	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
The Oregon Trail	publisher	Brøderbund
The Oregon Trail	publisher	The Learning Company
The Oregon Trail	publisher	Gameloft
Burmese Days	publisher	Harper & Brothers
She: A History of Adventure	publisher	Longmans
Starman	publisher	DC Comics
Player Piano	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Loved One	publisher	Little, Brown
The Loved One	publisher	Chapman & Hall
A Town Like Alice	publisher	Heinemann
Metroid II: Return of Samus	publisher	Nintendo
Super Metroid	publisher	Nintendo
Metroid Fusion	publisher	Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening	publisher	Nintendo
Escape from Monkey Island	publisher	LucasArts
When HARLIE Was One	publisher	Ballantine Books
Panzer General	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Alien Syndrome	publisher	Sega
D.N.Angel	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Call of the Wild	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Caddie Woodlawn	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Donald Duck: Goin' Quackers	publisher	Ubisoft
The Soft Machine	publisher	Olympia Press
The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Remembrance of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Balance of Power	publisher	Mindscape
Visions of Cody	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Deus Ex: Invisible War	publisher	Eidos Interactive
One Piece	publisher	Shueisha
Germinal	publisher	G. Charpentier
Fushigi Yûgi	publisher	Shogakukan
Fushigi Yûgi	publisher	Shōgakukan
Les Liaisons dangereuses	publisher	Durand Neveu
Trust & Betrayal: The Legacy of Siboot	publisher	Mindscape Group
Grand Theft Auto III	publisher	Rockstar Games
In the First Circle	publisher	Harper Perennial
Daily Express	publisher	Northern and Shell Media
Mario Party 5	publisher	Nintendo
The System of the World	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Sunday Sport	publisher	Sunday Sport  Ltd
Change the World Without Taking Power	publisher	Pluto Press
The Invisibles	publisher	Vertigo
Pet Shop of Horrors	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
The Golden Oecumene	publisher	Tor Books
The Good Soldier Švejk	publisher	A. Synek
The Adventures of the Black Girl in Her Search for God	publisher	Constable and Company
Jet Set Willy	publisher	Software Projects
Jet Set Willy	publisher	Tynesoft
Sketches by Boz	publisher	John Macrone
Sketches by Boz	publisher	St. James's Square
Singularity Sky	publisher	Ace Books
The Americans	publisher	Robert Delpire
The Americans	publisher	Grove Press
The Americans	publisher	Steidl
The Perfect Storm	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Marvelous Land of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Out	publisher	Joe Landry
The Three Doctors	publisher	Target Books
Ozma of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Prey	publisher	HarperCollins
Uplink	publisher	Introversion Software
Uplink	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Uplink	publisher	Stomp
Hearts of Iron	publisher	Strategy First
Hackers	publisher	Ace Books
The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Changeling: The Dreaming	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The Solar System and Back	publisher	Doubleday
The Secret of the Universe	publisher	Doubleday
The Last of the Mohicans	publisher	H.C. Carey & I. Lea
The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia	publisher	R. and J. Dodsley, W. Johnston
Saint Seiya	publisher	Shueisha
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Forward the Foundation	publisher	Doubleday
Vanity of Duluoz	publisher	Coward-McCann
Man, Myth & Magic	publisher	Yaquinto Publications
Ramona	publisher	Little, Brown
Sonic X	publisher	Archie Comics
Tik-Tok of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Truce at Bakura	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Maxx	publisher	Image Comics
It's a Good Life	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Genius and the Goddess	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Scarecrow of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Balance Point	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mega Man 2	publisher	Capcom
The Old Capital	publisher	Shoemaker and Hoard Press
Destiny's Way	publisher	Del Rey Books
Jim	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Love and Rockets	publisher	Fantagraphics
Little, Big	publisher	Bantam Books
Timequake	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Neverending Story	publisher	Thienemann Verlag
The Matrix Online	publisher	Sega
The Matrix Online	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Shaman King	publisher	Shueisha
Shaman King	publisher	Shueisha
The Campus Murders	publisher	Lancer Books
The Chosen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Shinobi	publisher	Sega
Rinkitink in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Godric	publisher	Atheneum Books
Arrowsmith	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Lost Princess of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Rescue on Fractalus!	publisher	Epyx
Rescue on Fractalus!	publisher	Atari Corp.
Rescue on Fractalus!	publisher	Activision
World of Warcraft	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Evolution	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution	publisher	Anchor Press
Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution	publisher	Doubleday
Black Beauty	publisher	Jarrold & Sons
DVONN	publisher	Rio Grande Games
DVONN	publisher	Don & Co.
DVONN	publisher	SmartGames
Vector Prime	publisher	Del Rey Books
Carmageddon II: Carpocalypse Now	publisher	Sales Curve Interactive
The Secret Adversary	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Thorn Birds	publisher	Harper & Row
Wario's Woods	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour	publisher	Nintendo
The Magic of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ataxx	publisher	Capcom
Ataxx	publisher	The Leland Corporation
The Pleasure of the Text	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Ice Climber	publisher	Nintendo
Uru: Ages Beyond Myst	publisher	Ubisoft
The Inheritors	publisher	William Heinemann
The Inheritors	publisher	McClure, Phillips & Co
Moving Pictures	publisher	Victor Gollancz  / Corgi
Age of Apocalypse	publisher	Marvel Comics
Glinda of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Planetary	publisher	Wildstorm
The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories	publisher	Doubleday
The Bias Against Guns	publisher	Regnery Publishing, Inc.
The Story of Mankind	publisher	Modern Library
God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Human Accomplishment	publisher	HarperCollins
The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Unknown Soldier	publisher	Sanoma
Main Street	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Socialist Standard	publisher	Socialist Party of Great Britain
Misery	publisher	Viking Press
Bureaucracy	publisher	Infocom
Star by Star	publisher	Del Rey Books
Largo Winch	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
American Tabloid	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Mario Kart: Double Dash	publisher	Nintendo
Medal of Honor: Rising Sun	publisher	EA Games
The Cold Six Thousand	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Full Metal Panic!	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Full Metal Panic!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Berzerk	publisher	Stern Electronics
Fifth Business	publisher	Macmillan Canada
Ladies' Home Journal	publisher	Meredith Corporation
Tank Girl	publisher	Penguin Books
Baseball Stars	publisher	SNK
The City and the Pillar	publisher	E. P. Dutton & Co., Inc., New York
Tai-Pan	publisher	Atheneum Books
Horton Hears a Who!	publisher	Random House
Albedo	publisher	Thoughts & Images
Albedo	publisher	Chessex
Albedo	publisher	Sanguine Productions
'Salem's Lot	publisher	Doubleday
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich	publisher	New American Library
The Black Dahlia	publisher	The Mysterious Press
Virtua Tennis	publisher	Sega
Professional Adventure Writer	publisher	Gilsoft
Invisible Man	publisher	Random House
The Bourne Identity	publisher	Richard Marek
The Lord of the Rings Trading Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
The Quill	publisher	Gilsoft
Camera Lucida	publisher	Hill and Wang
The Gripping Hand	publisher	Pocket Books
Redwall	publisher	Hutchinson
Redwall	publisher	Philomel Books
Redwall	publisher	Philomel
Alaska	publisher	Random House
Forever Peace	publisher	Ace Books
The Fifth Discipline	publisher	Currency
Mario's Time Machine	publisher	Mindscape
Mario's Time Machine	publisher	Nintendo
Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga	publisher	Nintendo
Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory	publisher	Id Software
Ultima Online: Renaissance	publisher	Electronic Arts
Prince of Persia 2: The Shadow and the Flame	publisher	Brøderbund
Team Fortress Classic	publisher	Sierra Studios
Team Fortress Classic	publisher	Valve Corporation
The Mill on the Floss	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh and London
Shattered Galaxy	publisher	Tri Synergy
Lullaby	publisher	Doubleday
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Lineage	publisher	NCSOFT
Omega	publisher	Origin Systems
Black & White	publisher	Electronic Arts
Black & White	publisher	Feral Interactive
Star Wars Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Morrow Project	publisher	TimeLine Ltd
Eve Online	publisher	CCP Games
Deadlands	publisher	Pinnacle Entertainment Group
The Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
SLA Industries	publisher	Nightfall Games
Mythologies	publisher	Les Lettres nouvelles
The Case for Mars	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Père Goriot	publisher	Revue de Paris
Lucky Jim	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Lucky Jim	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Dude, Where's My Country%3F	publisher	Warner Books
Medal of Honor: Frontline	publisher	EA Games
Yami to Bōshi to Hon no Tabibito	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pilotwings 64	publisher	Nintendo
Blast Corps	publisher	Nintendo
They'd Rather Be Right	publisher	Gnome Press
For Us, The Living: A Comedy of Customs	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Indian Express	publisher	Indian Express Group
Kontakto	publisher	World Esperanto Association
Stars!	publisher	Empire Interactive
G.E.V.	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
Ogre	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
The Glass Menagerie	publisher	Random House
Wing Commander	publisher	Mag Force 7
Liberty Meadows	publisher	Creators Syndicate
Liberty Meadows	publisher	Insight Studios
Liberty Meadows	publisher	Image Comics
Startopia	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Alex Kidd in Miracle World	publisher	Sega
System Shock 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
System Shock 2	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Alien Breed	publisher	Team17
Alien Breed	publisher	MicroLeague
DuckTales 2	publisher	Capcom
DuckTales	publisher	Capcom
Broken Angels	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Absolution Gap	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Coronation	publisher	Zakharov
The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Good Earth	publisher	John Day Company
Angelic Layer	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Akalabeth: World of Doom	publisher	California Pacific Computer Company
Blues Ain't No Mockin Bird	publisher	Toni Cade Bambara
The Secret Garden	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Secret Garden	publisher	Heinemann
The Sea, the Sea	publisher	Chatto & Windus
New Straits Times	publisher	New Straits Times Press
The ClueFinders 3rd Grade Adventures: The Mystery of Mathra	publisher	The Learning Company
Sandman	publisher	DC Comics
The Brothel in Rosenstrasse	publisher	New English Library
Alex Kidd in Shinobi World	publisher	Sega
Earth Is Room Enough	publisher	Doubleday
The Discovery of Heaven	publisher	De Bezige Bij
The Discovery of Heaven	publisher	Penguin Books
Only Begotten Daughter	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Prayer for Owen Meany	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Infinity, Inc.	publisher	DC Comics
This Present Darkness	publisher	Crossway
The Elenium	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dragon Kings	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Tamuli	publisher	Del Rey Books
Oahspe: A New Bible	publisher	Newbrough
Q*bert	publisher	Gottlieb
Q*bert	publisher	Parker Brothers
Q*bert	publisher	Ultra Games
Q*bert	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
The Revolt of the Cockroach People	publisher	Straight Arrow Press
Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo	publisher	Straight Arrow Books
The Naked Sun	publisher	Doubleday
Thunder Force	publisher	Technosoft
Ceres, Celestial Legend	publisher	Shogakukan
Official Journal of the European Union	publisher	European Union
Read or Die	publisher	Shueisha
The Man Who Was Thursday	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith
A Simple Plan	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Yotsuba&!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Sonic Crackers	publisher	Sega
The Sign of the Four	publisher	Lippincott's Monthly Magazine
The Sign of the Four	publisher	Spencer Blackett
A History of Vodka	publisher	Inter-Verso
Time Stalkers	publisher	Sega
Pokémon Red and Blue	publisher	Nintendo
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3: Raven Shield	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
City Hunter	publisher	Shueisha
The Monsters and the Critics, and Other Essays	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
The Monsters and the Critics, and Other Essays	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Farewell, My Lovely	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Long Goodbye	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Long Goodbye	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Darkwing Duck	publisher	Capcom
The Malay Dilemma	publisher	Asia Pacific Press
The Once and Future King	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Relic	publisher	Tor Books
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles	publisher	Nintendo
Genetics	publisher	Genetics Society of America
The Machine Stops	publisher	Archibald Constable
Sick	publisher	Crestwood Publications
Sick	publisher	Hewfred Publications
Sick	publisher	Charlton Comics
Cracked	publisher	Major Magazines
Cracked	publisher	Globe Publishing
Cracked	publisher	Mega Media
Crazy Magazine	publisher	Marvel Comics
Zap Comix	publisher	Apex Novelties
Zap Comix	publisher	Print Mint
Zap Comix	publisher	Last Gasp
PLOS Biology	publisher	Public Library of Science
Life of Pi	publisher	Knopf Canada
Metropolis	publisher	Ikuei Shuppan
Metropolis	publisher	Kodansha
Final Fantasy XI	publisher	*PlayStation 2\n*
Final Fantasy XI	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Final Fantasy XI	publisher	*Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360\n*Square \n*Square Enix
All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku	publisher	Futabasha
All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
National Museum of the American Indian	publisher	Smithsonian Institution
Star Trek Customizable Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
Kenshin Dragon Quest: Yomigaerishi Densetsu no Ken	publisher	Square Enix
Physical Review	publisher	American Physical Society
Lone Wolf and Cub	publisher	Futabasha
The Robots of Dawn	publisher	Doubleday
The Dangerous Summer	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Peril at End House	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
You Don't Know Jack	publisher	Sierra On-Line, THQ, Jackbox Games, Berkeley Systems, SPELGRIM.Com, Majesco Entertainment, TopWare Interactive, Warner Bros. Games, Tsukuda Original
The Secret of the Old Clock	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Hidden Staircase	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Underground History of American Education	publisher	The Oxford Village Press
The Subtle Knife	publisher	Scholastic Point
Delta Force	publisher	Electronic Arts
Medallions	publisher	Czytelnik
The Horse and His Boy	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Story of the Stone	publisher	Doubleday
Physical Review Focus	publisher	American Physical Society
The Mists of Avalon	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Book of Merlyn	publisher	University of Texas Press
Evolution	publisher	Wiley for the Society for the Study of Evolution
The Little Lady of the Big House	publisher	Macmillan & Co.
Martin Eden	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Star Rover	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
At Swim-Two-Birds	publisher	Longman
Rilla of Ingleside	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Startide Rising	publisher	Bantam Books
The Pickwick Papers	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Collapse!	publisher	GameHouse
Fullmetal Alchemist	publisher	Enix
Fullmetal Alchemist	publisher	Square Enix
Quarantine	publisher	HarperPrism
Perfume	publisher	Diogenes
Perfume	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Perfume	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Rama II	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Prelude to Space	publisher	World Editions Inc.
Tsukihime	publisher	ASCII Media Works
House of Dolls	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Planet of Exile	publisher	Ace Books
An Unearthly Child	publisher	Target Books
Pilotwings	publisher	Nintendo
The Silver Chair	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Geek Love	publisher	Random House
Black Hawk Down	publisher	New American Library
City of Illusions	publisher	Ace Books
Ragnarok Online	publisher	Gravity
Grand Theft Auto 2	publisher	Rockstar Games
Weekly Worker	publisher	Communist Party of Great Britain
Malafrena	publisher	Berkley Publishing Corporation
Literary Machines	publisher	Mindful Press
Hunter: The Reckoning	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The 7th Guest	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Blood: The Last Vampire	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pokémon Stadium	publisher	Nintendo
Pokémon Stadium 2	publisher	Nintendo
Pokémon Colosseum	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Pokémon Trading Card Game	publisher	Japan:
Pokémon Trading Card Game	publisher	Media Factory
Pokémon Trading Card Game	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Pokémon Trading Card Game	publisher	USA:
Pokémon Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Pokémon Trading Card Game	publisher	Nintendo
Treasure of the Rudras	publisher	Square
The Case for Israel	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Passage of Arms	publisher	Heinemann
Pokémon Yellow	publisher	Nintendo
Touch	publisher	Shogakukan
The Daily Sport	publisher	Daily Sport Ltd.
The Emperor's New Mind	publisher	Oxford University Press
Cybergeneration	publisher	R. Talsorian Games
Cybergeneration	publisher	Firestorm Ink
Chill	publisher	Pacesetter Ltd, Mayfair Games, Growling Door Games
Demon: The Fallen	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Werewolf: The Apocalypse	publisher	White Wolf( )
Werewolf: The Apocalypse	publisher	Onyx Path Publishing( )
Wraith: The Oblivion	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Mummy: The Resurrection	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The ClueFinders 4th Grade Adventures: Puzzle of the Pyramid	publisher	The Learning Company
Count Belisarius	publisher	Random House
Count Belisarius	publisher	Cassell
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex	publisher	Kodansha
The Blithedale Romance	publisher	Ticknor and Fields
Under the Net	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Wonder Boy in Monster Land	publisher	Sega
Starflight 2: Trade Routes of the Cloud Nebula	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kindred of the East	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Messenger and Advocate	publisher	Frederick G. Williams
Tecmo Bowl	publisher	Tecmo
The War Hound and the World's Pain	publisher	Pocket Books
Transmetropolitan	publisher	Helix, Vertigo
Things Fall Apart	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd.
Moneyball	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Wind Done Gone	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Nephilim	publisher	Chaosium
Star Chamber: The Harbinger Saga	publisher	www.matrixgames.com
Golden Sun	publisher	Nintendo
Monster Manual	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Sonic 3D Blast	publisher	Sega
Yoshi	publisher	Nintendo
Sonic & Knuckles	publisher	Sega
Knuckles' Chaotix	publisher	Sega
Bleak House	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
Domu: A Child's Dream	publisher	Kodansha
The Atlas of Middle-earth	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Bridge to Terabithia	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Animal Liberation	publisher	HarperCollins
Wario Land 3	publisher	Nintendo
Yoshi's Safari	publisher	Nintendo
Wario Land II	publisher	Nintendo
Wario Land 4	publisher	Nintendo
Wario World	publisher	Nintendo
A Mind Forever Voyaging	publisher	Infocom, Activision
The Painted Bird	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Tourist Season	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Lord Emsworth and Others	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Aerobiz	publisher	Koei
Tigana	publisher	Penguin Group
Centennial	publisher	Random House
Street Fighter III	publisher	Capcom
Pokémon Channel	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Project Gotham Racing	publisher	Microsoft
The Red and the Black	publisher	A. Levasseur
Pitfall!	publisher	Activision
T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents	publisher	Tower Comics
T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents	publisher	JC Comics
T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents	publisher	Deluxe Comics
T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents	publisher	DC Comics
Pincher Martin	publisher	Faber and Faber
Chocky	publisher	Michael Joseph
Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together	publisher	Quest
Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together	publisher	Riverhillsoft
Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together	publisher	Atlus
Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together	publisher	Square Enix
Civilization and Its Discontents	publisher	Internationaler Psychoanalytischer Verlag Wien
Out Run	publisher	Sega
Blade Warrior	publisher	Image Works
Goodbye, Mickey Mouse	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Illuminati	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
King Leopold's Ghost	publisher	Mariner Books
The Stepford Wives	publisher	Random House
The Fifth Child	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Detective Comics	publisher	Detective Comics, Inc. #1–119
Detective Comics	publisher	National Comics Publications #120–296
Detective Comics	publisher	National Periodical Publications #297–467
Detective Comics	publisher	DC Comics #468–current
Anti-Ice	publisher	HarperCollins
Shadow of the Giant	publisher	Tor Books
Nibbles	publisher	Microsoft
Dragon Quest VII	publisher	Enix
Arimaa	publisher	Z-Man Games
A Personal Matter	publisher	Grove Press
Breakout	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Night of the Aurochs	publisher	Viking Press
The Stars, Like Dust	publisher	Doubleday
The Star Trek Encyclopedia	publisher	Pocket Books
Dancing Barefoot	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Gothic	publisher	Egmont Group
Gothic	publisher	Xicat Interactive
Day of Defeat	publisher	Activision
Day of Defeat	publisher	Valve Corporation
Rock n' Roll Racing	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Dandy	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co.
The Swiss Family Robinson	publisher	Johann Rudolph Wyss
Ultima X: Odyssey	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kingdom Come	publisher	DC Comics
Crazy Taxi 2	publisher	Sega
Crazy Taxi 3: High Roller	publisher	Sega
The Longest Journey	publisher	Empire Interactive
The Longest Journey	publisher	Tri Synergy
Blade Runner	publisher	Virgin Interactive
New World Order	publisher	Strategy First
Zen and the Brain	publisher	MIT Press
Slow Learner	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Master of Go	publisher	Shincho magazine
Feudal	publisher	3
Castle Falkenstein	publisher	R.Talsorian Games
Space: 1889	publisher	Game Designers' Workshop
Space: 1889	publisher	Heliograph, Inc.
Space: 1889	publisher	Untreed Reads Publishing LLC
Trinity	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Adventure!	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The House of the Dead	publisher	Vremya
The Legend of Luke	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Dr. Slump	publisher	Shueisha
To a God Unknown	publisher	Robert O. Ballou
Mystic River	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Saiyuki	publisher	Enix
Saiyuki	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Sims 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Monkey Wrench Gang	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Anti-Monopoly	publisher	University Games
There	publisher	Makena Technologies
Allegiance	publisher	Microsoft
Transport Tycoon	publisher	MicroProse
The Lancet	publisher	Elsevier
Monstrous Compendium	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Monster Manual II	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Monster Manual II	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Fiend Folio	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Fiend Folio	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
ActRaiser	publisher	Enix
Soul Blazer	publisher	Enix
Death from a Top Hat	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Art of Fighting	publisher	SNK
All-American Comics	publisher	All-American Publications
The Autumn of the Patriarch	publisher	Plaza & Janes
Shin Megami Tensei	publisher	Atlus
Econometrica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Econometric Society
The Eyre Affair	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
I Am a Cat	publisher	Tuttle Publishing
Gorillas	publisher	IBM corporation.
Programming Perl	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Learning Perl	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Discs of Tron	publisher	Midway Games
Swag	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Moon and Sixpence	publisher	Heinemann
Player's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Rampart	publisher	Atari Games
Against Interpretation	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Illness as Metaphor	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Dungeon Master's Guide	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Fading Suns	publisher	Holistic Design, Inc.
Say It with Poison	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Skies of Arcadia	publisher	Sega
Code of Federal Regulations	publisher	Office of the Federal Register
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes	publisher	Nintendo
Night Trap	publisher	Sega
Night Trap	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Night Trap	publisher	Digital Pictures
Camp Concentration	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
The Whole Man	publisher	Ballantine Books
Silverlock	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Éléments de géométrie algébrique	publisher	Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques
Slam Dunk	publisher	Shueisha
Samba de Amigo	publisher	Sega
The Positronic Man	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Positronic Man	publisher	Doubleday
The Last Blade	publisher	SNK
Deities & Demigods	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Deities & Demigods	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Taboo	publisher	Hasbro
Jumanji	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
After Burner	publisher	Sega
DNA²	publisher	Shueisha
If I See You in My Dreams	publisher	Shueisha
Abrams Battle Tank	publisher	Electronic Arts
Abrams Battle Tank	publisher	Sega
TiHKAL	publisher	Transform Press
Adventure Construction Set	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Irresponsible Captain Tylor	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Irresponsible Captain Tylor	publisher	Enterbrain
No Highway	publisher	Heinemann
Rich Dad Poor Dad	publisher	Warner Books Ed
Ramona	publisher	HarperCollins
Black No More	publisher	New York, Macaulay Co.
The Wretched of the Earth	publisher	Grove Press
The Currents of Space	publisher	Doubleday
Unreal Tournament 2004	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Unreal Tournament 2004	publisher	MacSoft Games
Unreal Tournament 2004	publisher	Epic Games
Foundation's Fear	publisher	Harper Prism
Foundation and Chaos	publisher	Harper Prism
Foundation's Triumph	publisher	Harper Prism
Mario's Super Picross	publisher	Nintendo
The 'Nam	publisher	Marvel Comics
Isaac Asimov's Caliban	publisher	Ace Books
Isaac Asimov's Inferno	publisher	Millennium
Isaac Asimov's Inferno	publisher	Ace Books
Isaac Asimov's Utopia	publisher	Millennium
The Complete Robot	publisher	Doubleday
Robot Dreams	publisher	Berkley Books
Blind Alley	publisher	Street & Smith
Runaround	publisher	Street & Smith
Reason	publisher	Street & Smith
Catch That Rabbit	publisher	Street & Smith
Liar!	publisher	Street & Smith
Escape!	publisher	Street & Smith
Little Lost Robot	publisher	Street & Smith
Evidence	publisher	Street & Smith
The Evitable Conflict	publisher	Street & Smith
The Rest of the Robots	publisher	Doubleday
The Feast of the Goat	publisher	Alfaguara
The Feast of the Goat	publisher	Picador (imprint)
Mother Earth	publisher	Street & Smith
Lost in a Good Book	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Eye of Argon	publisher	Wildside Press
First Meetings	publisher	Subterranean Press
Escort	publisher	Paul Raymond Publications
The Almanac of American Politics	publisher	Columbia Books & Information Services
HârnMaster	publisher	Columbia Games
HârnMaster	publisher	Kelestia Productions
Halo 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Glass Bead Game	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Seven Days in New Crete	publisher	Cassell
The History of Sexuality	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Virtua Fighter 4	publisher	Sega
The Satanic Bible	publisher	Avon
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	publisher	Pan Books
What If	publisher	Marvel Comics
Confrontation	publisher	Rackham
SubSpace	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Galactic Pot-Healer	publisher	Berkley Books
Cracker	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Phantasy Star II	publisher	Sega
Jennifer Government	publisher	Doubleday
The Beano Annual	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Sonic the Fighters	publisher	Sega
American Pastoral	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
GemStone IV	publisher	GEnie, AOL, independent
High Score!: The Illustrated History of Electronic Games	publisher	McGraw-Hill Osborne
Down to a Sunless Sea	publisher	Robert Hale Ltd.
Death in the Afternoon	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The New England Journal of Medicine	publisher	Massachusetts Medical Society
Boulder Dash	publisher	First Star Software
The Grey King	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Grey King	publisher	Atheneum Press
Hegemony or Survival	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Action 52	publisher	Active Enterprises
The Case of the Constant Suicides	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Case of the Constant Suicides	publisher	Harper
The Mystery of the Yellow Room	publisher	L'Illustration
The Mystery of the Yellow Room	publisher	Editions Pierre Lafitte
Miner 2049er	publisher	Big Five Software
Half-Life: Opposing Force	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Sand Land	publisher	Shueisha
Paradise Kiss	publisher	Shodensha
Gallery Fake	publisher	Shogakukan
H2	publisher	Shogakukan
Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus	publisher	HarperCollins
My Little Pony	publisher	THQ
The Spy Who Loved Me	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Contra	publisher	Konami
Pokémon Gold and Silver	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Aim for the Ace!	publisher	Shueisha
Double Dragon Advance	publisher	Atlus
Double Dragon II: The Revenge	publisher	Technōs Japan
Metropolitan	publisher	HarperPrism
Warrior	publisher	Quality Communications
Five Children and It	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Black Cat	publisher	Shueisha
Black Cat	publisher	Shueisha
The Rise of Christianity	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Rise of Christianity	publisher	Harper San Francisco
K-PAX	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Bejeweled	publisher	PopCap Games
SimGolf	publisher	Maxis
Boys Be...	publisher	Kodansha
Baby & Me	publisher	Hakusensha
Dororo	publisher	Shogakukan
Dororo	publisher	Akita Shoten
Akagi	publisher	Takeshobo
Nana	publisher	Shueisha
Kakeru	publisher	Shogakukan
Kakeru	publisher	Fox Shuppan
XxxHolic	publisher	Kodansha
XxxHolic	publisher	Kodansha
The Prince of Tennis	publisher	Shueisha
Neighborhood Story	publisher	Shueisha
Monster	publisher	Shogakukan
Captain Pugwash	publisher	The Eagle, Radio Times
Alter Ego	publisher	Activision
Tenshi Nanka Ja Nai	publisher	Shueisha
Age of Mythology: The Titans	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Hana-Kimi	publisher	Hakusensha
Them	publisher	Vanguard Press
Them	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Legend of the Twilight	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Crayon Shin-chan	publisher	Futabasha Publishers
Crayon Shin-chan	publisher	Futabasha
Video Girl Ai	publisher	Shueisha
3001: The Final Odyssey	publisher	Voyager Books
3001: The Final Odyssey	publisher	Del Rey Books
2061: Odyssey Three	publisher	Del Rey Books
Rama Revealed	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Top Secret	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Double Dragon 3: The Rosetta Stone	publisher	Technōs Japan
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas	publisher	Rockstar Games
Maskerade	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Footfall	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Book of Lost Tales	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Shade's Children	publisher	HarperCollins
The Bonfire of the Vanities	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Jadeclaw	publisher	Sanguine Productions
Ironclaw	publisher	Sanguine Productions
The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection	publisher	Oxford University Press
American Institute of Architects	publisher	Hanley Wood
Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne	publisher	Rockstar Games
Cancer Cell	publisher	Cell Press
Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Of Moths and Men	publisher	Norton
Ice Station Zebra	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Ice Station Zebra	publisher	Doubleday
Saber Marionette J	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Saber Marionette J	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Elric!	publisher	Chaosium
Silent Service	publisher	MicroProse
The Discovery of India	publisher	John Day Company
The Discovery of India	publisher	Meridian Books
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning	publisher	W. H. Allen
Silent Service II	publisher	MicroProse
New York Daily News	publisher	Mortimer Zuckerman
Torres	publisher	FX Schmid
Torres	publisher	Rio Grande Games
The Children Act	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Children Act	publisher	Nan A. Talese
Bobos in Paradise	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Alley Cat	publisher	Synapse Software
Alley Cat	publisher	IBM
Inferno	publisher	Pocket Books
The Bridge of San Luis Rey	publisher	Boni & Liveright
The Owl Service	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Sonic the Hedgehog	publisher	Archie Comics
Sonic the Hedgehog	publisher	Sega
Active Exploits	publisher	Precis Intermedia Gaming
Apidya	publisher	Blue Byte
Apidya	publisher	Team17
Death: The Time of Your Life	publisher	DC Comics
The Unix-Haters Handbook	publisher	International Data Group
Last Chance to See	publisher	Pan Books
The Saturday Evening Post	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
Q	publisher	Bauer Media Group
Baudolino	publisher	Bompiani
Baudolino	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Baudolino	publisher	Harcourt
Rise of Nations	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Defender	publisher	Williams Electronics
Squander	publisher	Avalon Hill
The Ugly Little Boy	publisher	Doubleday
Battlefleet Gothic	publisher	Games Workshop
Welcome to Pia Carrot	publisher	Cocktail soft
Welcome to Pia Carrot	publisher	NEC Interchannel
Welcome to Pia Carrot	publisher	F&C FC02
Welcome to Pia Carrot	publisher	NEC Interchannel
The Man-eaters of Tsavo	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Métal hurlant	publisher	Les Humanoïdes Associés
Métal hurlant	publisher	Humanoids Publishing
Métal hurlant	publisher	DC Comics
The Theory of Moral Sentiments	publisher	\
Xenozoic Tales	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Parasol Stars	publisher	Taito Corporation
Parasol Stars	publisher	Working Designs
Parasol Stars	publisher	Ocean Software
The Demon-Haunted World	publisher	Random House
The Demon-Haunted World	publisher	Ballantine Books
Kirby's Dream Land	publisher	Nintendo
688 Attack Sub	publisher	Electronic Arts
Manic Miner	publisher	Bug-Byte
Manic Miner	publisher	Software Projects
Manic Miner	publisher	Amsoft
A Walk in the Woods	publisher	Broadway Books
In the Country of Last Things	publisher	Viking Press
In the Country of Last Things	publisher	Faber & Faber
Midnight Club II	publisher	Rockstar Games
Fist of the North Star	publisher	Shueisha
Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo	publisher	Shueisha
Quarth	publisher	Konami and subsidiaries
Bartleby, the Scrivener	publisher	Putnam's Magazine
Star Fox 64	publisher	Nintendo
The Dancing Wu Li Masters	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom	publisher	Tor Books
The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex	publisher	John Murray
River Out of Eden	publisher	Basic Books
Genome	publisher	HarperCollins
I Like Pumpkins	publisher	Scholastic, Inc.
National Velvet	publisher	Heinemann
National Velvet	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
Battlecruiser 3000AD	publisher	Battlecruiser 3000AD
Battlecruiser 3000AD	publisher	v2.0
Battlecruiser 3000AD	publisher	Millennium
Battlecruiser 3000AD	publisher	3000
Battlecruiser 3000AD	publisher	Millennium Gold
Battlecruiser 3000AD	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Queen Emeraldas	publisher	Kodansha
The Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot	publisher	Legend
Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee	publisher	New York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Sum of All Fears	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Welcome to the Monkey House	publisher	Delacorte Press
Gauntlet II	publisher	Atari Games
WarioWare, Inc.: Mega Microgames!	publisher	Nintendo
Batman: The Killing Joke	publisher	DC Comics
Michael O'Donoghue	publisher	Avon Books
King's Bounty	publisher	New World Computing
King's Bounty	publisher	Electronic Arts
Something Fresh	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Something Fresh	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
The Light of Other Days	publisher	Tor Books
Sonic the Comic	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Sonic the Comic	publisher	Sega
You're Under Arrest	publisher	Kodansha
Game Informer	publisher	GameStop
The Integral Trees	publisher	Del Rey Books
A World Transformed	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Age of Innocence	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
What Liberal Media%3F	publisher	Basic Books
Journeys of Frodo	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Sonic Jam	publisher	Sega
Dominions II: The Ascension Wars	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Jaws: The Revenge	publisher	Berkley Books
Sabriel	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The House of the Dead	publisher	Sega
Theme Park	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lyra's Oxford	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf Books for Young Readers
The Amber Spyglass	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Amber Spyglass	publisher	David Fickling Books
The Tao of Pooh	publisher	Dutton Books
Summer Lightning	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Summer Lightning	publisher	Doubleday
On Aggression	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Alex Kidd BMX Trial	publisher	Sega
Riddley Walker	publisher	Jonathan Cape
N or M%3F	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
GURPS Cyberpunk	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Dandy Annual	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
The Mist	publisher	Viking Press
The Seven Dials Mystery	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Ronia the Robber's Daughter	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Canto General	publisher	(University of California Press)
Pet Sematary	publisher	Doubleday
Firestarter	publisher	Viking Press
Rage	publisher	New American Library
Caribbean	publisher	Random House
The Regulators	publisher	Dutton Penguin
M1 Tank Platoon	publisher	MicroProse
The Two Georges	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Two Georges	publisher	Tor Books
Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake	publisher	Konami
Orpheus	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Temple	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Oryx and Crake	publisher	McClelland and Stewart , Bloomsbury , Doubleday
The Troll	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Public Stunts Private Stories	publisher	Madrigal Press
The Man Who Folded Himself	publisher	Random House
The Four Feathers	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Make Trax	publisher	Kural Samno
Make Trax	publisher	Williams
Make Trax	publisher	Karateco / Exidy
Ice Station	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Magic Mountain	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
The Bridge on the Drina	publisher	Prosveta
The Castle	publisher	Munich
The Castle	publisher	Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag
Invisible Monsters	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Speak	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Super 3D Noah's Ark	publisher	Wisdom Tree
Super 3D Noah's Ark	publisher	Piko Interactive
Animal Crossing	publisher	Nintendo
Balloon Fight	publisher	Nintendo
Clu Clu Land	publisher	Nintendo
For Your Eyes Only	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ripley Under Water	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Ripley Under Water	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
JAMA	publisher	American Medical Association
Dolan's Cadillac	publisher	Viking Press
The Secret of Chimneys	publisher	Bodley Head
Cryptologia	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Pelican Brief	publisher	Doubleday
Unweaving the Rainbow	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Basketball Diaries	publisher	Michael Wolfe
Practical Ethics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The World of Null-A	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Interesting Times	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	George Newnes
Testimony	publisher	Harper & Row
The Art of Unix Programming	publisher	Addison-Wesley
The Tomb of Dracula	publisher	Marvel Comics
I Saw Poland Betrayed	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
GunBound	publisher	Softnyx
Rifts	publisher	Palladium Books
Shomuni	publisher	Kodansha
The Spell Sword	publisher	DAW Books
Mankind	publisher	since 2004 O2 Online Entertainment, formerly Cryo Interactive
Haré+Guu	publisher	Enix
Haré+Guu	publisher	Square Enix
Wave Race	publisher	Nintendo
The Dragon Reborn	publisher	Tor Books  and Orbit Books
The Fires of Heaven	publisher	Tor Books  and [Orbit Books]
The Shadow Rising	publisher	Tor Books
Amped: Freestyle Snowboarding	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
1876	publisher	Random House
Bio-ship Paladin	publisher	UPL
The Seeds of Death	publisher	Target Books
Last of the Curlews	publisher	Dodd Mead
New X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Hacker Culture	publisher	University of Minnesota Press
Reaper Man	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Men at Arms	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Hogfather	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Vision of the Anointed	publisher	Basic Books
Thief of Time	publisher	Doubleday
The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	John Murray
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	George Newnes
Damage Incorporated	publisher	WizardWorks   MacSoft
The Settlers	publisher	Ubisoft Blue Byte
Killing Mr. Griffin	publisher	Little Brown
Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography	publisher	HarperCollins
Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Outlaw Star	publisher	Shueisha
Creatures 2	publisher	Mindscape
Creatures 3	publisher	Mindscape
Creatures 3	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Fluxx	publisher	Looney Labs
Fluxx	publisher	Fully Baked Ideas
Fluxx	publisher	PS Games
Fluxx	publisher	Pegasus Games
Fluxx	publisher	HobbyJapan
The Interpretation of Dreams	publisher	Franz Deuticke, Leipzig & Vienna
Pokémon Adventures	publisher	Shogakukan
Rave Master	publisher	Kodansha
The Human Factor	publisher	Random House of Canada
GQ	publisher	Condé Nast
Battlefield Vietnam	publisher	Electronic Arts
Raid on Bungeling Bay	publisher	Brøderbund
The Iron Dragon's Daughter	publisher	Millennium
Lord of Chaos	publisher	Tor Books  and Orbit Books
A Wrinkle in Time	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Theory of the Leisure Class	publisher	Macmillan
The Outsiders	publisher	Viking Press
The Outsiders	publisher	Dell Publishing
Batman: Gotham Knights	publisher	DC Comics
The Quest of Erebor	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Unreal II: The Awakening	publisher	Infogrames
Unreal II: The Awakening	publisher	Atari
Unreal II: The Awakening	publisher	Epic Games
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic	publisher	LucasArts
The End of the Affair	publisher	Heinemann
The Life of the Cosmos	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tell Me Your Dreams	publisher	William Morrow
The Doomsday Conspiracy	publisher	William Morrow
Altered Carbon	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Death on the Nile	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Planetes	publisher	Kodansha
Butsu Zone	publisher	Shueisha
The Stranger	publisher	Tim Keck
Dot and the Kangaroo	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach	publisher	Prentice Hall
Titan Wars	publisher	Crystal Dynamics
The Seven-Per-Cent Solution	publisher	E. P. Dutton
GIPF	publisher	Rio Grande Games
GIPF	publisher	Don & Co.
GIPF	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
GIPF	publisher	SMART Games
TAMSK	publisher	Rio Grande Games
TAMSK	publisher	Don & Co.
TAMSK	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
ZÈRTZ	publisher	Rio Grande Games
ZÈRTZ	publisher	Don & Co.
ZÈRTZ	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
YINSH	publisher	Rio Grande Games
YINSH	publisher	Don & Co.
Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron	publisher	Fantagraphics
Palestine	publisher	Fantagraphics
Vedic Mathematics	publisher	Motilal Banarsidass
The Elements of Typographic Style	publisher	Hartley & Marks Publishers
The Shipping News	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Nobody Nowhere	publisher	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
A Time for Judas	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
Waldo	publisher	Doubleday
Metal Slug	publisher	Nazca Corporation
Metal Slug	publisher	SNK Playmore
Dubliners	publisher	Grant Richards Ltd., London
The Fifth Elephant	publisher	Doubleday
The Confusion	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Manticore	publisher	Macmillan Canada
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time	publisher	Ubisoft
Northern Lights	publisher	Scholastic Point
SkiFree	publisher	Microsoft
Moon Palace	publisher	Viking Press
The Principles of Psychology	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Phoenix Magazine	publisher	Phoenix Communications VA
Patlabor	publisher	Shogakukan
Llamatron	publisher	Llamasoft
The Cat in the Hat Comes Back	publisher	Random House
The Pratchett Portfolio	publisher	Gollancz
Frequency	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Independent People	publisher	Vintage Books
Amplitude	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Crisis	publisher	NAACP
Letters of a Portuguese Nun	publisher	Claude Barbin
Bridge of Birds	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Molvanîa	publisher	Jetlag Travel
Eternal Darkness	publisher	Nintendo
Geneforge	publisher	Spiderweb Software
The Incredible Machine	publisher	Dynamix
I.Q.: Intelligent Qube	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Half-Life 2	publisher	Valve Corporation
The Adventures of Willy Beamish	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Are You There God%3F It's Me, Margaret.	publisher	Yearling Books
Mischief Makers	publisher	Enix
Mischief Makers	publisher	Nintendo
The Oxford Companion to Classical Literature	publisher	Oxford University Press
Helter Skelter	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Donald Duck Adventures	publisher	Gladstone Publishing
Donald Duck Adventures	publisher	Disney Comics
Donald Duck Adventures	publisher	Gemstone Publishing
Mickey Mouse Adventures	publisher	Disney Comics
Mickey Mouse Adventures	publisher	Gemstone Publishing
Theory of Games and Economic Behavior	publisher	Princeton University Press
Fallout 2	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Universalis	publisher	Ramshead Publishing
Oniisama e...	publisher	Shueisha
Young, Gay and Proud	publisher	Alyson Publications
Economics in One Lesson	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Pikmin	publisher	Nintendo
Midtown Madness	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Diacritics	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of Cornell University Department of Romance Studies
The Fool's Errand	publisher	Miles Computing
Hardwar	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Hardwar	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Superman: Red Son	publisher	DC Comics
Slow Step	publisher	Shogakukan
The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Superman for All Seasons	publisher	DC Comics
Advance Wars	publisher	Nintendo
The Drowned and the Saved	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Drowned and the Saved	publisher	Summit Books
Excitebike	publisher	Nintendo
Excitebike	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Numismatist	publisher	American Numismatic Association
Bluebook	publisher	Harvard Law Review Association, the Columbia Law Review, the University of Pennsylvania Law Review, and the Yale Law Journal
Rogue Trader	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Look and Learn	publisher	Fleetway
Magical Meow Meow Taruto	publisher	Shueisha
Spellfire	publisher	Tactical Studies Rules
Excitebike 64	publisher	Nintendo
Mach Rider	publisher	Nintendo
Mouse Trap	publisher	Exidy
Last Exile	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Maria-sama ga Miteru	publisher	Shueisha
Windmills of the Gods	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Fooled by Randomness	publisher	Random House
Cogito	publisher	Nefeli Publications
Flat Stanley	publisher	Harper & Row
Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance	publisher	Midway Games
Greenmantle	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton, London
Boktai	publisher	Konami
Profiles in Courage	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Mortal Kombat 4	publisher	Midway Games
Journal of Theoretical Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Fox in Socks	publisher	Random House
Sex	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Sex	publisher	Maverick
Sex	publisher	Callaway Arts & Entertainment
Nexus	publisher	Capital Comics
Nexus	publisher	First Comics
Nexus	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Nexus	publisher	Rude Dude Productions
Bill, the Galactic Hero	publisher	Doubleday
Commando	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
His Last Bow	publisher	John Murray
Altered Beast	publisher	Sega
Hikōtei Jidai	publisher	Dainippon Kaiga
The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect	publisher	Kuro5hin
The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect	publisher	Lulu
Circle of Three	publisher	Avon Books
Circle of Three	publisher	HarperCollins
Astro City	publisher	Image Comics
Astro City	publisher	Homage Comics
Astro City	publisher	Wildstorm
Astro City	publisher	Vertigo Comics
The Cyberiad	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
The Cyberiad	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Peace on Earth	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Decline and Fall	publisher	Chapman and Hall
White Oleander	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Ethan Frome	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Macroscope	publisher	Avon Books
Payback	publisher	Apex Designs
Payback	publisher	DSI Games/Zoo Digital
Payback	publisher	Freeverse
Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty	publisher	Konami
F-Zero GX	publisher	Nintendo
F-Zero GX	publisher	Sega
The Power of Myth	publisher	Doubleday
The Typing of the Dead	publisher	Sega
Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management	publisher	S. O. Beeton Publishing
The Mysterious Planet	publisher	Target Books
Sissyfight 2000	publisher	Word Magazine
Mindwarp	publisher	Target Books
Terror of the Vervoids	publisher	Target Books
The Bachman Books	publisher	New American Library
Lanark: A Life in Four Books	publisher	Canongate Press
Monica's Gang	publisher	*
Monica's Gang	publisher	Editora Abril
Monica's Gang	publisher	Editora Globo
Monica's Gang	publisher	Panini Comics
Team Yankee	publisher	Presidio Press
The Mysterious Traveler	publisher	Charlton Comics
A Fighting Man of Mars	publisher	Metropolitan Books
The Stars My Destination	publisher	Signet Books
Titan	publisher	Berkley Books
First Folio	publisher	Edward Blount and William and Isaac Jaggard
Rachel's Tears	publisher	Thomas Nelson Publishers
The Rules of Attraction	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Panzer Dragoon	publisher	Sega
Angels and Visitations	publisher	DreamHaven Books
RahXephon	publisher	Shogakukan
RahXephon	publisher	Media Factory
Sabrina the Teenage Witch	publisher	Archie Comics
Puyo Puyo~n	publisher	Sega
Puyo Puyo~n	publisher	Compile
Psyvariar 2	publisher	Success Corporation
The City and the Stars	publisher	Frederick Muller Ltd
Medal of Honor: Pacific Assault	publisher	EA Games
Chase H.Q.	publisher	Taito
Gorky Park	publisher	Random House
Gorky Park	publisher	GK Hall & Company
Beyond the Rocks	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
The Mysterious Stranger	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Pokémon Puzzle League	publisher	Nintendo
The Portrait of a Lady	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company, Boston
The Portrait of a Lady	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Portrait of a Lady	publisher	London
Max the Mighty	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Shadowbane	publisher	Ubisoft
Verbal Behavior	publisher	Copley Publishing Group
Metroid: Zero Mission	publisher	Nintendo
Think and Grow Rich	publisher	The Ralston Society
Devdas	publisher	GCS
Blockout	publisher	California Dreams
Blockout	publisher	Technōs Japan
Killing Pablo	publisher	Grove Press
Earth 2150	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Age of Wonders	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Seaguy	publisher	Vertigo
The Price of Loyalty	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Eragon	publisher	Paolini LLC , Alfred A. Knopf
Buster	publisher	IPC Media
Buster	publisher	Fleetway
Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898	publisher	Oxford University Press
Dark Tide: Onslaught	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dark Tide: Ruin	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Encyclopedia of New York City	publisher	Yale University Press
Federal Register	publisher	Office of the Federal Register
The Edible Woman	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Brothers Karamazov	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Plan of Attack	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Congo	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Agents of Chaos: Hero's Trial	publisher	Del Rey Books
Agents of Chaos: Jedi Eclipse	publisher	Del Rey Books
Looking Backward	publisher	• Ticknor & Co.
Looking Backward	publisher	• Houghton Mifflin
Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual	publisher	Ballantine Books
Legend of the Galactic Heroes	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Net	publisher	Future plc
Witches Abroad	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Lords and Ladies	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Well of Lost Plots	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Nostromo	publisher	Harper & Bros
Stunt Island	publisher	Disney Interactive
Recovery	publisher	Del Rey Books
Edge of Victory: Conquest	publisher	Del Rey Books
Edge of Victory: Rebirth	publisher	Del Rey Books
Tron 2.0	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Tron 2.0	publisher	Walt Disney Internet Group
Oregon Geographic Names	publisher	Oregon Historical Society
Blood	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Blood	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Tom Brown's School Days	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes	publisher	Konami
The Last Book in the Universe	publisher	Scholastic, Inc.
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater	publisher	Konami Corporation
Golden Sun: The Lost Age	publisher	Nintendo
Eight Skilled Gentlemen	publisher	Doubleday
The Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Annals of Human Genetics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Songs of Distant Earth	publisher	Grafton Books
The Songs of Distant Earth	publisher	Del Rey Books
Slapstick	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Open Conspiracy	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Terminus	publisher	Vatical Entertainment
The Moon of Gomrath	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Leather Goddesses of Phobos	publisher	Infocom
Risk 2210 A.D.	publisher	Avalon Hill
Captain Blood	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Spearhead from Space	publisher	Target Books
Earthborn	publisher	Tor Books
The Müller-Fokker Effect	publisher	Hutchinson
Flicker	publisher	Chicago Review Press
Earthfall	publisher	Tor Books
God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian	publisher	Seven Stories Press
City of Heroes	publisher	NCSOFT
Digger	publisher	Windmill Software
Comics and Sequential Art	publisher	Poorhouse Press
The Father Christmas Letters	publisher	Allen and Unwin
The Father Christmas Letters	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Father Christmas Letters	publisher	HarperCollins
Freak the Mighty	publisher	Blue Sky/Scholastic
Tribes: Vengeance	publisher	VU Games
Tribes 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Starsiege: Tribes	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Elidor	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Childhood	publisher	Sovremennik
Darkness at Noon	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Mystery of Edwin Drood	publisher	Chapman & Hall
The Mystery of Edwin Drood	publisher	London
Track & Field	publisher	Konami
Track & Field	publisher	Ocean Software
Track & Field	publisher	Kemco ( ) Centuri
A Time to Kill	publisher	Wynwood Press
A Handful of Dust	publisher	*
A Handful of Dust	publisher	Chapman & Hall
A Handful of Dust	publisher	Penguin Books
Never Cry Wolf	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Defender of the Crown	publisher	Cinemaware
Man, Economy, and State	publisher	Van Nostrand
The Mauritius Command	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Microsoft Train Simulator	publisher	Microsoft
The Edge of Destruction	publisher	Target Books
A Hat Full of Sky	publisher	Doubleday
Pikmin 2	publisher	Nintendo
Solo Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Surgeon's Mate	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Sweat	publisher	Ariel
Sea of Death	publisher	Livraria Jose Olympico Editora
Jubiabá	publisher	José Olympio Editora
Battleground	publisher	Doubleday
Quitters, Inc.	publisher	Doubleday
Word Processor of the Gods	publisher	Playboy Enterprises
Rainy Season	publisher	Warner Books
Suffer the Little Children	publisher	Cavalier
Suffer the Little Children	publisher	Viking Press
The Ten O'Clock People	publisher	Viking Press
According to Mary Magdalene	publisher	Hampton Roads Publishing Company
The War of the Saints	publisher	Editora Record
Tieta	publisher	Distribuidora Record
Tereza Batista: Home from the Wars	publisher	Livraria Martins Editora S.A.
Shepherds of the Night	publisher	Livraria Martins Editora
Tent of Miracles	publisher	Martins, Sao Paulo, Brazil
Red Field	publisher	Livraria Martins Editora, Sao Paulo
The Golden Harvest	publisher	Livraria Martins Editora
Captains of the Sands	publisher	Livraria Jose Olympico Editora
Steel Panthers	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
Steel Panthers	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Steel Panthers	publisher	Matrix Games
Insomnia	publisher	Viking Press
The Discovery of America by the Turks	publisher	Editora Record
Carpe Jugulum	publisher	Doubleday
Carpe Jugulum	publisher	London
The Failure of the New Economics	publisher	Van Nostrand
Mon Colle Knights	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Marco Polo	publisher	Target Books
The Voyage of the Space Beagle	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Conflict of Visions	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Fallen Angels	publisher	Baen
Plop!	publisher	DC Comics
Daily Worker	publisher	Communist Party USA
Ensign	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
KGB	publisher	Virgin Group
The Music of Chance	publisher	Viking Press
Star Fox	publisher	Nintendo
Johnny and the Bomb	publisher	Doubleday
Transhuman Space	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Gauntlet Legends	publisher	Atari Games
Gauntlet Legends	publisher	Midway Games
Lianhe Zaobao	publisher	Singapore Press Holdings
The Anubis Gates	publisher	Ace Books
X	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Cruise for a Corpse	publisher	Erbe Software
Cruise for a Corpse	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Cruise for a Corpse	publisher	U.S. Gold
Icons of Evolution	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3	publisher	Nintendo
Oruchuban Ebichu	publisher	Futabasha
The Elegant Universe	publisher	W. W. Norton
Manhunter: New York	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Dungeon Siege	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Gun, with Occasional Music	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Fathom	publisher	Image Comics
Fathom	publisher	Aspen MLT
Ground Control	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Bone People	publisher	Spiral Press
Encyclopedia of Public Health	publisher	Macmillan Reference USA
Mafia	publisher	Gathering of Developers
The Tale of One Bad Rat	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Alias	publisher	MAX
Aces of the Deep	publisher	Dynamix, Sierra On-Line
Beyond Good & Evil	publisher	Ubisoft
The Elder Scrolls III: Bloodmoon	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Elder Scrolls III: Tribunal	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Elder Scrolls III: Tribunal	publisher	Ubisoft
The Truth Machine	publisher	Random House
The Complete Guide to Middle-earth	publisher	Ballantine Books
Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Eagle	publisher	*
Eagle	publisher	Hulton Press
Eagle	publisher	IPC Media
Gotham Central	publisher	DC Comics
The Elder Scrolls Adventures: Redguard	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Stormwatch	publisher	DC Comics
Tokyo Mew Mew	publisher	Kodansha
The Witches	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures	publisher	Nintendo
Advanced Squad Leader	publisher	Avalon Hill
Advanced Squad Leader	publisher	Multi-Man Publishing
Cosmic Encounter	publisher	Eon Products, Inc
Cosmic Encounter	publisher	West End Games
Cosmic Encounter	publisher	Games Workshop
Cosmic Encounter	publisher	Mayfair Games
Cosmic Encounter	publisher	Avalon Hill
Cosmic Encounter	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
An Elder Scrolls Legend: Battlespire	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Shadow Warrior	publisher	GT Interactive
Shadow Warrior	publisher	3
Shadow Warrior	publisher	Devolver Digital
Shadow Warrior	publisher	General Arcade
Walking on Glass	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Keys of Marinus	publisher	Target Books
Cor!!	publisher	IPC Media
Monster Fun	publisher	IPC Media
Film Fun	publisher	Amalgamated Press
Film Fun	publisher	Fleetway Publications
Krazy	publisher	Fleetway and IPC
Border Down	publisher	G.rev
IQ and the Wealth of Nations	publisher	Greenwood Publishing Group
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy	publisher	Random House
Karnov	publisher	Data East
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	Data East
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	Data East USA
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	Imagine Software
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	Namco
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	Ocean Software
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja	publisher	G-mode Co., Ltd.
Spy Hunter	publisher	Bally Midway
X-COM: Apocalypse	publisher	MicroProse
X-COM: Terror from the Deep	publisher	MicroProse
X-COM: Terror from the Deep	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
X-COM: Terror from the Deep	publisher	2
Age of Empires II	publisher	Microsoft
Age of Empires II	publisher	Konami
The Story of Little Black Sambo	publisher	Grant Richards, London
Shining Force	publisher	Sega
The Nutmeg of Consolation	publisher	Harper Collins
The Nutmeg of Consolation	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Lode Runner	publisher	Brøderbund
Lode Runner	publisher	Ariolasoft
Comix Zone	publisher	Sega
Hitman: Contracts	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tokimeki Memorial	publisher	MediaWorks
Tokimeki Memorial	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Dagger of Amon Ra	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Star Castle	publisher	Cinematronics
Sid Meier's Pirates!	publisher	MicroProse
Sid Meier's Pirates!	publisher	Ultra Games
The Bellmaker	publisher	Hutchinson  and Philomel
Green Eggs and Ham	publisher	Random House
A Course of Pure Mathematics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Les Champs magnétiques	publisher	Gallimard
The Tin Drum	publisher	Hermann Luchterhand Verlag
Autoweek	publisher	Crain Communications Inc.
Grand Forks Herald	publisher	Korrie Wenzel
Chaos Control	publisher	Philips
Master of Magic	publisher	MicroProse
Toon	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Crossroads of Twilight	publisher	Tor Books
Crossroads of Twilight	publisher	Orbit
The Last Starship from Earth	publisher	Weybright & Talley, New York
Restoring the Lost Constitution	publisher	Princeton University Press
Momo	publisher	Thienemann Verlag , Puffin Books
The Most Dangerous Game	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Many Waters	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
New York Observer	publisher	Jared Kushner
NFL Street	publisher	Electronic Arts
NFL Street	publisher	Dolby Surround Pro Logic II
NFL Street	publisher	NFLStreet.com
NFL Street	publisher	DVD ROM
Froth on the Daydream	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Drifters	publisher	Random House
The Cay	publisher	Avon
Physical Review Letters	publisher	American Physical Society
Morvern Callar	publisher	Vintage Press
Ghost Dad	publisher	Berkley; Mv Tie in edition
Global Frequency	publisher	Wildstorm
This Side of Paradise	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Star Fox Adventures	publisher	Nintendo
Memoirs of Hadrian	publisher	Librairie Plon, France
A Calculus of Angels	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pro Evolution Soccer 3	publisher	Konami
The Girl Who Was Plugged In	publisher	Doubleday
Pssst	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
The Path of Daggers	publisher	Tor Books
The Path of Daggers	publisher	Orbit
Sabre Wulf	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
Cookie	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Jetpac	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
Bugdom	publisher	Macintosh
Bugdom	publisher	Pangea Software
Bugdom	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Bugdom	publisher	On Deck Interactive
Bugdom	publisher	Ideas From the Deep
Caesar	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Knockout	publisher	Amalgamated Press
Knockout	publisher	Fleetway Publications
Knockout	publisher	IPC Media
Rome: Total War	publisher	Activision
Rome: Total War	publisher	Sega
Rome: Total War	publisher	Feral Interactive
Shogun: Total War	publisher	Electronic Arts
Shogun: Total War	publisher	Sold-Out Software
Medieval: Total War	publisher	Activision
A Spy in the House of Love	publisher	Swallow Press
A Spy in the House of Love	publisher	Penguin Books
The Last Express	publisher	Brøderbund
The Last Express	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Last Express	publisher	DotEmu
Start-Up	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Myst III: Exile	publisher	Ubisoft
Marvel 1602	publisher	Marvel Comics
One Hundred Years of Solitude	publisher	Harper & Row
One Hundred Years of Solitude	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Millennial Project: Colonizing the Galaxy in Eight Easy Steps	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Spike and Suzy	publisher	De Nieuwe Standaard
Spike and Suzy	publisher	Tintin magazine
Blake Stone: Aliens of Gold	publisher	Apogee Software
The Wanting Seed	publisher	Heinemann
The New York Trilogy	publisher	Faber & Faber
Turok: Dinosaur Hunter	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Freedom in Exile	publisher	Harper San Francisco
The Art of Happiness	publisher	Easton Press
Zeitschrift für Physikalische Chemie	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
HMS Surprise	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Desolation Island	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Post Captain	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Fortune of War	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Black Like Me	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Far Side of the World	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Outline of History	publisher	George Newnes
The Great Betrayal	publisher	John Blake Publishing
Jailbird	publisher	Delacorte Press
Sega Rally Championship	publisher	Sega
Treason's Harbour	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Reverse of the Medal	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Blue at the Mizzen	publisher	Harper Collins
The Hundred Days	publisher	HarperCollins
The Yellow Admiral	publisher	Harper Collins
The Commodore	publisher	Harper Collins
Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now!	publisher	Random House
Clarissa Oakes	publisher	Harper Collins
The Book of Skulls	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Road to Wellville	publisher	Viking Press
Wyatt Earp	publisher	Alea
Wyatt Earp	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Wyatt Earp	publisher	Asmodée Éditions
The Devil's Dictionary	publisher	Neale Publishing Co.
Days of War, Nights of Love	publisher	CrimethInc.
Bleach	publisher	Shueisha
J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator	publisher	HarperCollins  and Houghton Mifflin
Four Ways to Forgiveness	publisher	HarperCollins
Pro Evolution Soccer 4	publisher	Konami
Business Dynamics	publisher	McGraw Hill
A Separate Peace	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Unifying Force	publisher	Del Rey Books
Comics Buyer's Guide	publisher	F+W Media
The Mutants	publisher	Target Books
Planet of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Marville	publisher	Marvel Comics
Earthlight	publisher	Muller
Earthlight	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Fall of Moondust	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Myst IV: Revelation	publisher	Ubisoft
Wanted	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Sleeper	publisher	Wildstorm
Queen & Country	publisher	Oni Press
Heavier Than Heaven	publisher	Hyperion
Kingpin: Life of Crime	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Imagining Numbers	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Reptile Room	publisher	HarperCollins
The Miserable Mill	publisher	HarperCollins
The Wide Window	publisher	HarperCollins
Our Mutual Friend	publisher	Chapman & Hall
The Hostile Hospital	publisher	HarperCollins
The Bad Beginning	publisher	Scholastic Inc.
The Austere Academy	publisher	HarperCollins
The Vile Village	publisher	HarperCollins
The Slippery Slope	publisher	HarperCollins
The Ersatz Elevator	publisher	HarperCollins
The Grim Grotto	publisher	HarperCollins
The Carnivorous Carnival	publisher	HarperCollins
Chronicle of a Death Foretold	publisher	La Oveja Negra
Libra	publisher	Viking Press
Icelander	publisher	McSweeney's
The Ultimate Foe	publisher	Target Books
Earth	publisher	Bantam Books
Heredity	publisher	Nature Publishing Group for The Genetics Society
The Neon Bible	publisher	Grove Press
The Borrowers	publisher	J. M. Dent
The Borrowers	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
Genesis of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
In Dubious Battle	publisher	Covici-Friede
The Moon Is Down	publisher	Viking Press
The Twins	publisher	Arcadia Books
Alien 8	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Dynamo Joe	publisher	First Comics
Finn and Hengest	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Mr. Bliss	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
The Simpsons: Hit & Run	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
The Simpsons: Hit & Run	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Dark Journey	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bone	publisher	Cartoon Books
Bone	publisher	Image Comics
Enemy Lines: Rebel Dream	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pocky & Rocky	publisher	Natsume
Next Men	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Next Men	publisher	IDW Publishing
The War Games	publisher	Target Books
Taboo: The Sixth Sense	publisher	Tradewest
Tenjho Tenge	publisher	Shūeisha
Quantum Psychology	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Fushigi Yûgi Genbu Kaiden	publisher	Shogakukan
Ramparts	publisher	Edward M. Keating
The Eagle Has Landed	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Pokémon Snap	publisher	Nintendo
Companions of Xanth	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Shadow of the Comet	publisher	Infogrames
Prisoner of Ice	publisher	Infogrames
Eric the Unready	publisher	Legend Entertainment
HeroQuest	publisher	Milton Bradley
HeroQuest	publisher	Games Workshop
War with the Newts	publisher	Fr. Borový, Prague
The Road Back	publisher	Propyläen Verlag
The Road Back	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Call of Duty: United Offensive	publisher	Activision
Call of Duty: United Offensive	publisher	Aspyr
In the Time of the Butterflies	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill
The Law of Success	publisher	Tribeca Books
F-22 Raptor	publisher	Novalogic
The Caves of Androzani	publisher	Target Books
The Bonesetter's Daughter	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Night Watch	publisher	Doubleday
Alleyway	publisher	Nintendo
Madden NFL 2004	publisher	EA Sports
Gnop!	publisher	Bungie
Samurai Champloo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Far Cry	publisher	Ubisoft
DragonStrike	publisher	TSR
DragonStrike	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Less Than Zero	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Black Mischief	publisher	Chapman and Hall
That Was Then, This Is Now	publisher	Viking/Penguin , Dell Publishing, Laurel Leaf Library
From a Buick 8	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Smuggler's Run	publisher	Rockstar Games
Smuggler's Run	publisher	Destination Software
Smuggler's Run 2	publisher	Rockstar Games
Three Men in a Boat	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith
1967: The Last Good Year	publisher	Doubleday
Izvestia	publisher	Inews
Ninja Burger	publisher	Aethereal FORGE
Galápagos	publisher	Delacorte Press
Lost Patrol	publisher	Ocean Software
The Te of Piglet	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Golden Age	publisher	DC Comics
Nine Tomorrows	publisher	Doubleday
Excalibur	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
The Jesus Incident	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Discworld II: Missing Presumed...!%3F	publisher	Psygnosis
Discworld II: Missing Presumed...!%3F	publisher	Sega
Discworld	publisher	Psygnosis
Bad Girls	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine	publisher	Sega
Moving Mars	publisher	Tor Books
Soldier X	publisher	Penguin USA
Cable & Deadpool	publisher	Marvel Comics
A River Runs Through It	publisher	University of Chicago Press
A Place So Foreign and Eight More	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
Powers	publisher	Image Comics
Powers	publisher	Icon Comics
Sonic the Hedgehog Spinball	publisher	Sega
Answer Me!	publisher	Jim and Debbie Goad
Globalization and Its Discontents	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Chrononauts	publisher	Looney Labs
Red Baron	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Red Baron	publisher	Sierra Online
Red Alert	publisher	T. V. Boardman
Pengo	publisher	Sega
Epic	publisher	Games Workshop
The Five Star Stories	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Sybil	publisher	Regnery
A Severe Mercy	publisher	Harper & Row
The Cat Returns	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Mega Man & Bass	publisher	Capcom
Wizard's First Rule	publisher	Tor Books
Ikari Warriors	publisher	Tradewest
A World Lit Only by Fire	publisher	Little, Brown and Company; A Back Bay Book
Billy Bathgate	publisher	Random House
Expanded Psionics Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Courier-Mail	publisher	Queensland Newspapers
Robot Odyssey	publisher	The Learning Company
Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe	publisher	Random House
The Joy Luck Club	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Thrill Kill	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Flash Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Hawkworld	publisher	DC Comics
Warhammer 40,000: Fire Warrior	publisher	THQ
Captain Tsubasa	publisher	Shueisha
Tomorrow Never Dies	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cradle	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Cradle	publisher	Warner Books
Kings of the High Frontier	publisher	Pulpless.com, then Bereshith Publishing
Redemption Ark	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
E.V.O.: Search for Eden	publisher	Enix
The Evil of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Lloyd Llewellyn	publisher	Fantagraphics
Tiny Toon Adventures	publisher	Konami
Tiny Toon Adventures: Plucky's Big Adventure	publisher	Conspiracy Games
The Scary Sleepover	publisher	North South Books
White Fang	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The House of the Dead III	publisher	Sega
Dragon Quest II	publisher	Enix
Mario Paint	publisher	Nintendo
The Thanos Quest	publisher	Marvel Comics
Infinity Abyss	publisher	Marvel Comics
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Girlfriend of Steel	publisher	Gainax
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Girlfriend of Steel	publisher	Sega
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Girlfriend of Steel	publisher	Bandai
Tiny Toon Adventures: Buster Busts Loose!	publisher	Konami
Tiny Toon Adventures Cartoon Workshop	publisher	Konami
Kirby & the Amazing Mirror	publisher	Nintendo
Tiny Toon Adventures 2: Trouble in Wackyland	publisher	Konami
Zombies Ate My Neighbors	publisher	Konami
Zombies Ate My Neighbors	publisher	LucasArts
Skeptic	publisher	The Skeptics Society
Super Street Fighter II	publisher	Capcom
X-Men vs. Street Fighter	publisher	Capcom
Freedom Force	publisher	Crave Entertainment and Electronic Arts
Freedom Force	publisher	2
Choson Sinbo	publisher	General Association of Korean Residents
Star Trek: Early Voyages	publisher	Marvel Comics
Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang	publisher	Harper & Row
Eugénie Grandet	publisher	Madame Béchet – Charpentier – Furne
Trespasser	publisher	Electronic Arts
Anglo-Saxon Attitudes	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Eldest	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Forever Free	publisher	Ace Books
The Cuckoo's Egg	publisher	Doubleday
Pyramid	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Going Postal	publisher	Doubleday
Banana Republicans	publisher	Jeremy P. Tarcher Inc.
Banana Republicans	publisher	Penguin Group
Another Roadside Attraction	publisher	Doubleday
The Book of the War	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
Of the City of the Saved...	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
Grendel	publisher	Comico Comics
Grendel	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
A Game of Thrones	publisher	Bantam Spectra
A Game of Thrones	publisher	Voyager Books
The Order	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Things They Carried	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Karate Kid	publisher	DC Comics
The Brave and the Bold	publisher	DC Comics
The Notebook	publisher	Warner Books
Gangsters: Organized Crime	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex*	publisher	David McKay Publications
Stargate	publisher	WMS Industries
Katana	publisher	DC Comics
Oni	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Oni	publisher	Rockstar Games
Quasar, Quasar, Burning Bright	publisher	Doubleday
Reach for Tomorrow	publisher	Ballantine Books
A History of the World in 10½ Chapters	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A History of the World in 10½ Chapters	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A History of the World in 10½ Chapters	publisher	Knopf Canada
New York Press	publisher	Tom Allon
Enemy Lines: Rebel Stand	publisher	Del Rey Books
Traitor	publisher	Del Rey Books
Force Heretic: Reunion	publisher	Del Rey Books
Force Heretic: Remnant	publisher	Del Rey Books
Force Heretic: Refugee	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Final Prophecy	publisher	Del Rey Books
Raiden	publisher	Arcade version:
Raiden	publisher	Seibu Kaihatsu
Raiden	publisher	Fabtek
Raiden	publisher	Liang HWA Electronics
Raiden	publisher	IBL Corporation
Raiden	publisher	PlayStation version:
Raiden	publisher	HAMSTER Corporation
Raiden	publisher	DotEmu
Raiden	publisher	Micronet (JP)
Raiden	publisher	Toei Animation
Raiden	publisher	Electro Brain (NA)
Raiden	publisher	Micronet
This Boy's Life	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Gulf Daily News	publisher	Al Hilal Group
Saikano	publisher	Shogakukan
Millennium	publisher	Berkley Books
Time Zone	publisher	On-Line Systems
Making History	publisher	Random House
The Source	publisher	L. Londell McMillan
Fire Emblem	publisher	Nintendo
Quebec Mercury	publisher	Thomas Cary
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual	publisher	Kodansha
The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead	publisher	Bill Marcil, Jr.
The Ragwitch	publisher	Tor Books
The Ragwitch	publisher	HarperCollins
The Ragwitch	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Rainbow	publisher	Modern Library
Sundiver	publisher	Bantam Books
Egg Venture	publisher	The Game Room
Icon	publisher	DC Comics
Stranger than Fiction: True Stories	publisher	Doubleday
Tiger Heli	publisher	Taito Corporation
Tiger Heli	publisher	Acclaim
Twin Cobra	publisher	Taito Corporation
Twin Cobra	publisher	Romstar
Blame!	publisher	Kodansha
Pyst	publisher	Parroty Interactive
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	publisher	Bantam Books
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Gobliiins	publisher	Coktel Vision, Sierra On-Line
Journey to the Center of the Earth	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Manhunt	publisher	Rockstar Games
Truxton	publisher	Taito
Truxton	publisher	Romstar
Truxton	publisher	Midway
Lost Universe	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Lost Universe	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Redemption of Althalus	publisher	Voyager  & Del Rey Books
Pump It Up	publisher	Andamiro
Metal Gear: Ghost Babel	publisher	Konami
Les Paradis artificiels	publisher	Auguste Poulet-Malassis
Brazzaville Beach	publisher	Sinclair-Stevenson
The Indian in the Cupboard	publisher	Doubleday/Avon
The Wealth of Nations	publisher	W. Strahan and T. Cadell, London
Area 7	publisher	Pan Macmillan
War Is a Racket	publisher	Round Table Press
The Witches of Eastwick	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	publisher	Ace Books
Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	publisher	Berkley Books
Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	publisher	Tor Books
Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Melway	publisher	Melway Publishing Pty. Ltd.
The Midwich Cuckoos	publisher	Michael Joseph
Syrup	publisher	Viking Press
Capitol	publisher	Ace Books
Spider-Man and Captain America in Doctor Doom's Revenge	publisher	Empire Software and Medalist International , Paragon Software Corporation
Archie Meets the Punisher	publisher	Archie Comics
Archie Meets the Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
Crisis	publisher	Fleetway
Babylon 5 Collectible Card Game	publisher	Precedence Entertainment
Hungry Hungry Hippos	publisher	Milton Bradley, now a subsidiary of Hasbro
Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth	publisher	Columbia University Press
Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell
Faerie Tale	publisher	Doubleday
Outpost	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Gorf	publisher	Midway Games
Gateway	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Abhorsen	publisher	HarperCollins
Tokyo Babylon	publisher	Shinshokan
Superhero League of Hoboken	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Star Trek: Judgment Rites	publisher	Interplay
The Book of Tea	publisher	Duffield & Company
A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field	publisher	Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society
Right Ho, Jeeves	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
The 7th Saga	publisher	Enix
Totto-Chan: The Little Girl at the Window	publisher	Kodansha
Green Darkness	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century	publisher	Harvard University Press
Mawdryn Undead	publisher	Target Books
James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Stig of the Dump	publisher	Puffin Books
Give Me the Brain	publisher	Cheapass Games
Tony Hawk's Underground	publisher	Activision
The Rivan Codex	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Aztecs	publisher	Target Books
Uncanny X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Astonishing X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Demian	publisher	Fischer Verlag
Life After God	publisher	Pocket Books
Super Scope 6	publisher	Nintendo
Spycatcher	publisher	Heinemann
Spycatcher	publisher	Viking Press
The High Crusade	publisher	Doubleday
Dark Chronicle	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2	publisher	Activision
Exodus	publisher	Doubleday
A Mixture of Frailties	publisher	Macmillan Canada
A Mixture of Frailties	publisher	Scribner Press
A Mixture of Frailties	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Hey You, Pikachu!	publisher	Nintendo
Knight Lore	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge	publisher	Insel Verlag
Castlevania: Lament of Innocence	publisher	Konami
Please Teacher!	publisher	MediaWorks
Noble House	publisher	Delacorte Press
Dungeon Keeper	publisher	Electronic Arts
Hawaii	publisher	Random House
Dungeon Keeper 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal	publisher	Black Isle Studios
Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Tekken Advance	publisher	Namco
Tekken 4	publisher	Namco
Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus	publisher	Riverhillsoft
Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tekken 5	publisher	Namco
1632	publisher	Baen Books
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee	publisher	GT Interactive
Tekken 2	publisher	Namco
Tekken 3	publisher	Namco
Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee	publisher	Microsoft
Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee	publisher	THQ
Tekken Tag Tournament	publisher	Namco
Ecco the Dolphin	publisher	Sega
DreamWeb	publisher	Empire Interactive
Ecco: The Tides of Time	publisher	Sega
Ecco the Dolphin: Defender of the Future	publisher	Sega
Ecco the Dolphin: Defender of the Future	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Ecco the Dolphin: Defender of the Future	publisher	Sony
To Heart	publisher	MediaWorks
Starsiege	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Sister Princess	publisher	MediaWorks
Avenger	publisher	DC Comics
Enlightenment	publisher	Target Books
Last Call	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Q	publisher	Einaudi
Super Monkey Ball	publisher	Sega
Free as in Freedom	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Boktai 2: Solar Boy Django	publisher	Konami
New Spring	publisher	Tor Books
Terror of the Autons	publisher	Target Books
X-Treme X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Soulcalibur II	publisher	Namco
Soulcalibur II	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
The Birthday of the World	publisher	HarperCollins
Spy vs. Spy	publisher	Beyond Software
Spy vs. Spy	publisher	Tynesoft
Spy vs. Spy	publisher	Wicked Software
Spy vs. Spy	publisher	Kemco
Spy vs. Spy	publisher	Robots and Pencils
Ecco Jr.	publisher	Sega
Star Trek: Away Team	publisher	Activision
Doctor Who and the Silurians	publisher	Target Books
Inferno	publisher	Target Books
Day of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Tempest	publisher	Atari Inc.
Dungeon Master II: The Legend of Skullkeep	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Chaos Strikes Back	publisher	FTL Games
Homeworld 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Harlock Saga	publisher	Shinchosha
Civilization: Call to Power	publisher	Activision
The Heroic Legend of Arslan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Heroic Legend of Arslan	publisher	Kobunsha
The Heroic Legend of Arslan	publisher	Kodansha
Ruins of Adventure	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Giles Goat-Boy	publisher	Doubleday
Freelancer	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Intuitionist	publisher	Anchor Books
Robotron: 2084	publisher	WMS Industries
Psi-Ops: The Mindgate Conspiracy	publisher	Midway Games
Psi-Ops: The Mindgate Conspiracy	publisher	Capcom
Le guide culinaire	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
The Dæmons	publisher	Target Books
The Giving Tree	publisher	Harper & Row
Fanshawe	publisher	Marsh and Capen
Rob Roy	publisher	Archibald Constable, Edinburgh; Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme and Brown, London
The House at Pooh Corner	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Sazae-san	publisher	Asahi Shinbun
Queen of Angels	publisher	Warner Books
The Acid House	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The House Without a Key	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
The House Without a Key	publisher	Harrap
The Chinese Parrot	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
Behind That Curtain	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
The Black Camel	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Charlie Chan Carries On	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Keeper of the Keys	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
The Street Lawyer	publisher	Belfry Holdings Inc.
Obliquity	publisher	Profile Books
The Runaway Jury	publisher	Doubleday Books
Histories	publisher	Various
Polgara the Sorceress	publisher	Del Rey Books
Jane's Defence Weekly	publisher	Sean Howe, SVP, IHS Inc
Dynasty Warriors 4	publisher	Koei
Conquest of the Empire	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Conquest of the Empire	publisher	Eagle Games
Schizm: Mysterious Journey	publisher	Europe
Schizm: Mysterious Journey	publisher	LK Avalon
Schizm: Mysterious Journey	publisher	North America
Schizm: Mysterious Journey	publisher	The Adventure Company
Before Crisis: Final Fantasy VII	publisher	Square Enix
Dangerous Dave	publisher	Softdisk
Ilium	publisher	HarperCollins, Eos imprint
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night	publisher	Konami
Super R.C. Pro-Am	publisher	Nintendo
Solar Jetman	publisher	Tradewest
R.C. Pro-Am	publisher	Nintendo, Rare
R.C. Pro-Am	publisher	Tradewest
The Ancient Art of War	publisher	Brøderbund
Man of Many Faces	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Valhalla	publisher	Carlsen Comics
Iron Council	publisher	Del Rey Books
Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb	publisher	LucasArts
Donk!	publisher	The GOAT Store
Miss Lonelyhearts	publisher	Horace Liveright
Once Were Warriors	publisher	Tandem Press
Popeye	publisher	Nintendo
Night Over Water	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Precursors	publisher	Russobit-M
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4	publisher	Activision
Yoko Tsuno	publisher	Dupuis
Yoko Tsuno	publisher	Cinebook
Michael Moore Is a Big Fat Stupid White Man	publisher	HarperCollins
The New American Poetry 1945–1960	publisher	NY: Grove Press
Raptor Red	publisher	Bantam Books
Martin Chuzzlewit	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Agony	publisher	Psygnosis
A Game of Thrones	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Tropico	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Tropico	publisher	MacSoft
Tropico	publisher	Feral Interactive
Journey into Mystery	publisher	Atlas Comics
Journey into Mystery	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Flying Saucers Are Real	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Jing: King of Bandits	publisher	Kodansha
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Wishbringer	publisher	Infocom
Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game	publisher	Japan:
Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game	publisher	Konami
Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game	publisher	USA:
Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game	publisher	Upper Deck Company
Perdido Street Station	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Please Twins!	publisher	MediaWorks
Tales to Astonish	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Fall of Hyperion	publisher	Doubleday
Legend of the Five Rings	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
In Nomine	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GameStar	publisher	Webedia
Iron Man and Sub-Mariner	publisher	Marvel Comics
Klax	publisher	Atari Games
Kid Dracula	publisher	Konami
The Pet Goat	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Outlive	publisher	Continuum Entertainment
Outlive	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Sorcerous Stabber Orphen	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Time Crisis II	publisher	Namco
Skinny Dip	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Oxford Book of Twentieth Century English Verse	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Singularity Is Near	publisher	Viking
Tales of Suspense	publisher	Marvel Comics
Liar's Poker	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Doomtown	publisher	Wizards of the Coast, Five Rings Publishing Group, and Pinnacle Entertainment Group
Strange Tales	publisher	Marvel Comics
Peacemaker Kurogane	publisher	Enix
Peacemaker Kurogane	publisher	Mag Garden
Neko Majin	publisher	Shueisha
Tribal Rites of the New Saturday Night	publisher	New York Magazine
Dragonsong	publisher	Atheneum Books
Postcards from the Edge	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Chronoliths	publisher	Tor Books
Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow	publisher	Konami
Hunter × Hunter	publisher	Shueisha
Balloon Kid	publisher	Nintendo
Balloon Kid	publisher	Character Soft
Scream of the Shalka	publisher	BBC Books
High-Rise	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Almost Like a Whale	publisher	Doubleday
Basara	publisher	Shogakukan
Thief	publisher	Pacific Novelty
The Little School	publisher	Midnight Editions
World's Finest Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Mail Order Monsters	publisher	Electronic Arts
Eiken	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Seven Cities of Gold	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Seven Cities of Gold	publisher	Ariolasoft
The Atrocity Exhibition	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Mahoromatic	publisher	Wani Books
Zombiepowder.	publisher	Shueisha
Kirby's Adventure	publisher	Nintendo
Rag Doll Kung Fu	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Smiley's People	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Smiley's People	publisher	Random House
Animal Crossing: Wild World	publisher	Nintendo
Rook	publisher	Winning Moves
Canadian Medical Association Journal	publisher	Canadian Medical Association
The Great Salad Oil Swindle	publisher	Coward McCann
Alphabet of Thorn	publisher	Ace Books
Tales from Watership Down	publisher	Hutchinson
The Sheltering Sky	publisher	John Lehmann
Parasyte	publisher	Kodansha
The Power of One	publisher	Heinemann
The Power of One	publisher	Random House
Jones in the Fast Lane	publisher	Sierra
And the Ass Saw the Angel	publisher	Black Spring Press
And the Ass Saw the Angel	publisher	Harper Collins
Whistle!	publisher	Shueisha
Painkiller	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Painkiller	publisher	THQ Nordic
CyberMage: Darklight Awakening	publisher	Electronic Arts
Gossip Girl	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Music for Chameleons	publisher	Random House
The Bridges of Madison County	publisher	Warner Books, Inc.
Initial D Arcade Stage	publisher	Sega
Zuleika Dobson	publisher	Heinemann
Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter	publisher	Capcom
Iron Seed	publisher	Softdisk
Choplifter	publisher	Brøderbund
Choplifter	publisher	Ariolasoft
Choplifter	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Choplifter	publisher	Atari Corporation
Choplifter	publisher	Sega
A Journey in Other Worlds	publisher	D. Appleton & Co.
Battlelords	publisher	New Millennium Entertainment
Battlelords of the 23rd Century	publisher	Optimus Design Systems
Battlelords of the 23rd Century	publisher	SSDC, Inc.
Amazing Adventures	publisher	Marvel Comics
Scrapped Princess	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Scrapped Princess	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Battle Chess	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Street Fighter Alpha 2	publisher	Capcom
Flatterland	publisher	Perseus Publishing
To the Lighthouse	publisher	Hogarth Press
Henderson the Rain King	publisher	Viking Press
Appointment in Samarra	publisher	Harcourt
Gunslinger Girl	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Policy Review	publisher	Hoover Institution
Friday the Rabbi Slept Late	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Battlezone	publisher	Activision
Battlezone	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Realm of Impossibility	publisher	Electronic Arts
Realm of Impossibility	publisher	Ariolasoft UK Ltd
Castlevania: Rondo of Blood	publisher	Konami
Half-Life: Blue Shift	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Angel Links	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Angel Links	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Chasing Vermeer	publisher	Scholastic Press
Timescape	publisher	Simon & Schuster
SimTower	publisher	Maxis
AdventureQuest	publisher	Artix Entertainment
The Art of Computer Game Design	publisher	McGraw-Hill/Osborne Media
E for Ecstasy	publisher	Octavo
Abarat	publisher	HarperCollins
Cabal	publisher	Taito
Cabal	publisher	Fabtek
Captured	publisher	American Action
Ryzom	publisher	Winch Gate
Sophie's World	publisher	Berkley Books, Farrar, Straus and Giroux , MacMillan
Donkey Kong Jr.	publisher	Nintendo
Proceedings of the Royal Society	publisher	Royal Society
Doctor Syn: A Tale of the Romney Marsh	publisher	Nelson Press
Magestorm	publisher	Mythic Entertainment
Alice 19th	publisher	Shogakukan
Skyborg: Into the Vortex	publisher	SkyBox International, Inc.
Motor Trend	publisher	TEN: The Enthusiast Network
SimTown	publisher	Maxis
Streets of SimCity	publisher	Maxis
Streets of SimCity	publisher	Electronic Arts
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Girlfriend of Steel 2nd	publisher	Broccoli
Tom Corbett, Space Cadet	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Dungeon Master	publisher	FTL Games
Dungeon Master	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Moonstone: A Hard Days Knight	publisher	Mindscape
Dead or Alive 3	publisher	Tecmo
Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball	publisher	Tecmo
Elevator Action	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Commitments	publisher	King Farouk
Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Another World	publisher	Delphine Software
Another World	publisher	U.S. Gold
Another World	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Another World	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Another World	publisher	The Digital Lounge
Another World	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Another World	publisher	Headup Games
Gauntlet	publisher	Atari Games, U.S. Gold
Le Répertoire de la Cuisine	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
Danger Girl	publisher	IDW Publishing
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny	publisher	Kodansha
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Golgo 13	publisher	Shogakukan
SimFarm	publisher	Maxis Software
SimFarm	publisher	Mindscape
SimPark	publisher	Maxis
SimCopter	publisher	Electronic Arts
Omikron: The Nomad Soul	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Omikron: The Nomad Soul	publisher	Square Enix
History and Technology	publisher	Routledge
Akira	publisher	Kodansha
Wonderful Life	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Castlevania II: Simon's Quest	publisher	Konami
Infantry	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
The Deadly Assassin	publisher	Target Books
Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Paradroid	publisher	Hewson Consultants, Jester Interactive Publishing
The Sword of Shannara	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Sword of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
Amazing Heroes	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Summer of Night	publisher	Putnam Pub Group
Pokémon Emerald	publisher	The Pokémon Company
City of Glass	publisher	Douglas and McIntyre
The Last Chronicle of Barset	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Punch-Out!!	publisher	Nintendo
100 Bullets	publisher	Vertigo
The Mysterious Island	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Punch-Out!!	publisher	Nintendo
The Waves	publisher	Hogarth Press
The Elfstones of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dylan Dog	publisher	Sergio Bonelli Editore
Tel Quel	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Emperor of America	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pac-Man Vs.	publisher	Namco
Kirby Air Ride	publisher	Nintendo
Mega Man Anniversary Collection	publisher	Capcom
The Happy Return	publisher	Penguin Group
Popular Science	publisher	Bonnier Corporation
The Wishsong of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
First King of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
Time Stops for No Mouse	publisher	Speak, a division of Penguin Putnam
Discworld Noir	publisher	GT Interactive
Barnaby Rudge	publisher	Chapman & Hall
The Old Curiosity Shop	publisher	Chapman & Hall London
Ancient Shores	publisher	HarperPrism
Marvel Two-in-One	publisher	Marvel Comics
Marvel Team-Up	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Big Four	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Day of the Viper	publisher	Accolade
Deuteros	publisher	Activision
The Worm Ouroboros	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Rising Sun	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
All the Year Round	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Peter Parker: Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Glory Season	publisher	Orbit Books
Mutants & Masterminds	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
Western Gunfighters	publisher	Atlas Comics
Western Gunfighters	publisher	Marvel Comics
Vampire Tales	publisher	Curtis Magazines
TimeSplitters 2	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Star Fox 2	publisher	Nintendo
Cyborg 009	publisher	Akita Shoten
Cyborg 009	publisher	Kodansha
Cyborg 009	publisher	Media Factory
Cyborg 009	publisher	Shogakukan
Cyborg 009	publisher	Shueisha
The Killer Angels	publisher	David McKay Publications
Top Banana	publisher	Hex
Wishing Moon	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
Fath	publisher	Yadollah Eslami
The Edge Chronicles	publisher	Doubleday
The Lathe of Heaven	publisher	Avon Books
Richard J. Maybury	publisher	Bluestocking Press
Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni	publisher	Harvest
Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni	publisher	Gakken
Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Betrayal at Krondor	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Bohnanza	publisher	Amigo Spiele
Bohnanza	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Northwest Asian Weekly	publisher	Assunta Ng
Alexander's Bridge	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Lost World	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Cartoon History of the Universe	publisher	Broadway Books
Dead or Alive Ultimate	publisher	Tecmo
Streets of Rage	publisher	Sega
Night Life	publisher	Kōei
Gals Panic	publisher	Kaneko
Gals Panic	publisher	Mainichi Communications
Petersburg	publisher	M.M. Stasi︠u︡levich
Raw Spirit	publisher	Century Publishing
Castlevania: Circle of the Moon	publisher	Konami
Systemantics	publisher	General Systemantics Press
Hiroshima	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
The Life and Loves of a She-Devil	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The King of Torts	publisher	Doubleday
Tender Is the Night	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Good Soldier	publisher	John Lane
The Good Soldier	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Golden Bowl	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Golden Bowl	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Wings of the Dove	publisher	Archibald Constable & Co., London
The Wings of the Dove	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons, New York City
Go Tell It on the Mountain	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
U.S.A.	publisher	Library of America
The Ambassadors	publisher	Methuen & Co., London
The Ambassadors	publisher	Harper & Brothers, New York City
Marshal Law	publisher	Epic Comics
Marshal Law	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Notable American Women	publisher	Vintage Books
Woman at Point Zero	publisher	Zed Books Ltd.
The Secret Agent	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Encyclopedia of Mormonism	publisher	Macmillan
Battlefield 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Assassin's Quest	publisher	Voyager Books
Assassin's Quest	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Royal Assassin	publisher	Voyager Books
Royal Assassin	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Assassin's Apprentice	publisher	Voyager Books
Assassin's Apprentice	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Force Works	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Nations	publisher	JoWooD Productions
Rally Trophy	publisher	JoWood Productions
Hopscotch	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Divine Invasion	publisher	Timescape Books
The Divine Invasion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Clockwork Knight 2	publisher	Sega
Wasp	publisher	Avalon Publishing
Spirou	publisher	Dupuis
A Void	publisher	Gallimard
A Void	publisher	The Harvill Press
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay	publisher	Random House
Tik-Tok	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Marvel Presents	publisher	Marvel Comics
Marvel Spotlight	publisher	Marvel Comics
Marvel Premiere	publisher	Marvel Comics
Marvel Comics Presents	publisher	Marvel Comics
Comic Party	publisher	MediaWorks
Hard Times	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
Dragon Empires	publisher	Codemasters
Roderick	publisher	Granada
The Leopard	publisher	Casa editrice Feltrinelli
The Dalkey Archive	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
American Flagg!	publisher	First Comics
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	publisher	68
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	publisher	Harper & Row
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	publisher	Faber & Faber
Wonder Boys	publisher	Random House
Options	publisher	Pyramid Books
Driver 3	publisher	Atari
Driver 3	publisher	Glu Mobile
Mega Lo Mania	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Fear of Flying	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Driver	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Daytona USA	publisher	Sega
Die by the Sword	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
CarnEvil	publisher	Midway Games
The Eagle's Conquest	publisher	Headline
The Eagle's Conquest	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Barometer Rising	publisher	Duell, Sloan & Pearce
Winter Kills	publisher	Doubleday
Notes from Underground	publisher	Epoch; January–April 1864
Notes from Underground	publisher	Vintage; Reprint edition
The 158-Pound Marriage	publisher	Random House
Earth 2150: The Moon Project	publisher	1
X-Men: The Hidden Years	publisher	Marvel Comics
Strikeforce: Morituri	publisher	Marvel Comics
From Beirut to Jerusalem	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
From Beirut to Jerusalem	publisher	Doubleday
Dilvish, the Damned	publisher	Del Rey Books
Red Shift	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Herzog	publisher	TechnoSoft
Herzog	publisher	Viking Press
Metal Gear Acid	publisher	Konami
The Business	publisher	Little, Brown
Halo: The Fall of Reach	publisher	Del Rey Books
Halo: The Flood	publisher	Del Rey Books
Halo: The Flood	publisher	Tor Books
Halo: First Strike	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Mahdi	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Mahdi	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Michel Vaillant	publisher	Le Lombard
Michel Vaillant	publisher	Novedi
Michel Vaillant	publisher	Fleurus
Michel Vaillant	publisher	Graton éditeur
Planetfall	publisher	Infocom
Shadis	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
All Star Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight	publisher	DC Comics
The Sandman: Endless Nights	publisher	Vertigo Comics
House of Secrets	publisher	DC Comics
House of Mystery	publisher	DC Comics
Origin	publisher	Marvel Comics
Into Thin Air	publisher	Villard Books
Death Comes for the Archbishop	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tropic of Cancer	publisher	Obelisk Press
The Naked and the Dead	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Of Human Bondage	publisher	George H. Doran Company
The Moviegoer	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cornell International Law Journal	publisher	Cornell Law School
A High Wind in Jamaica	publisher	Chatto and Windus
A Bend in the River	publisher	Alfred A Knopf
Wide Sargasso Sea	publisher	André Deutsch
Wide Sargasso Sea	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Magus	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Magus	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ragtime	publisher	Random House
Lord Jim	publisher	Blackwood's Magazine
Hyperspace Delivery Boy!	publisher	Monkeystone Games
Hyperspace Delivery Boy!	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Tropico 2: Pirate Cove	publisher	Gathering of Developers/Take-Two Interactive ,
The Journey of Ibn Fattouma	publisher	Doubleday
How the Steel Was Tempered	publisher	Molodaya Gvardiya
Aishiteruze Baby	publisher	Shueisha
Hajime no Ippo	publisher	Kodansha
Doki Doki School Hours	publisher	Takeshobo
Civilization III: Conquests	publisher	Atari
Superfrog	publisher	Team17
Beyblade	publisher	Shogakukan
Princess Ai	publisher	Shinshokan
Guitar Freaks	publisher	Konami
Guitar Freaks	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Keyboardmania	publisher	Konami
Hoot	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Beatmania III	publisher	Konami
Zyzzyva	publisher	Zyzzyva, Inc.
The Honourable Schoolboy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Ethical Slut	publisher	Greenery Press
Up the Junction	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
The Canary Trainer	publisher	W.W. Norton
Star Wars: Dark Forces	publisher	LucasArts
The Tomb of the Cybermen	publisher	Target Books
Golgo 13: Top Secret Episode	publisher	Vic Tokai
Super Mario 64 DS	publisher	Nintendo
The Lost Treasures of Infocom	publisher	Activision
The Dark Half	publisher	Viking Press
1943: The Battle of Midway	publisher	Capcom
The Sandman: The Dream Hunters	publisher	Vertigo Comics
The Tale of Peter Rabbit	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Blitzkrieg	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Blitzkrieg	publisher	1
Blitzkrieg	publisher	Virtual Programming
Dark Ages: Mage	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Programming Ruby	publisher	Pragmatic Programmers
The Second Coming of Steve Jobs	publisher	Random House, Inc.
The Chamber	publisher	Doubleday
Pooyan	publisher	Konami  Stern
Model Railroader	publisher	Kalmbach Publishing
Violence	publisher	Hogshead Publishing
The Reality Dysfunction	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Pac-Man Plus	publisher	Midway Games
Cocaine Nights	publisher	Flamingo London
The Crystal World	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Concrete Island	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Hugo's House of Horrors	publisher	Gray Design Associates
Railroad Model Craftsman	publisher	White River Productions
Blazing Star	publisher	SNK
Robot Battle	publisher	GarageGames
A Burnt-Out Case	publisher	Heinemann
The Five Doctors	publisher	Target Books
Roma Victor	publisher	RedBedlam
Clan Lord	publisher	Delta Tao Software
Nox	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dune: House Harkonnen	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Dune: House Corrino	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Summons	publisher	Doubleday
Needful Things	publisher	Viking Press
The Stingray Shuffle	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Stingray Shuffle	publisher	Robert Hale
SWAT Kats: The Radical Squadron	publisher	Hudson Soft
Chacha Chaudhary	publisher	Diamond Comics
Batman: Child of Dreams	publisher	Kodansha
B.C.'s Quest for Tires	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman	publisher	Scripta Humanistica
Chuck Norris Superkicks	publisher	Xonox
Dr. Seuss' Fix-Up the Mix-Up Puzzler	publisher	Coleco
Rocky Super Action Boxing	publisher	Coleco
B.C. II: Grog's Revenge	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Tennis	publisher	Activision
La Celestina	publisher	Burgos
Infinite Jest	publisher	Little, Brown
Space Ace	publisher	Cinematronics
Space Ace	publisher	Digital Leisure
Perfect Dark Zero	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War	publisher	Nintendo
Lake Wobegon Days	publisher	Viking Press
Infinite in All Directions	publisher	Harper & Row
Magic, Inc.	publisher	Doubleday
Waldo & Magic, Inc.	publisher	Doubleday
Artemis Fowl	publisher	Viking Press
Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident	publisher	Hyperion Books
Tales of Symphonia	publisher	Namco
Papillon	publisher	Robert Laffont
Papillon	publisher	Hart-Davis, MacGibbon
Kate Vaiden	publisher	Atheneum Books
Fantasy Hero	publisher	Hero Games
Penguin Wars	publisher	ASCII
The Dalek Invasion of Earth	publisher	Target Books
The War Machines	publisher	Target Books
The Search	publisher	Doubleday
Kirby's Pinball Land	publisher	Nintendo
Fables	publisher	Vertigo
Golden Boy	publisher	Shueisha
Full Moon o Sagashite	publisher	Shueisha
Project Gotham Racing 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Zork: Grand Inquisitor	publisher	Activision
BloodRayne	publisher	PlayStation 2, Xbox & GameCube
BloodRayne	publisher	OS X
BloodRayne	publisher	Microsoft Windows
BloodRayne	publisher	Majesco Games
Hayduke Lives	publisher	Little Brown
Appleseed	publisher	Kodansha
Appleseed	publisher	Seishinsha
Appleseed	publisher	Media Factory
Kick Off	publisher	Anco Software
Kick Off	publisher	Imagineer
Theme Hospital	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dark Ages: Fae	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Love You Forever	publisher	Firefly Books
Koi Kaze	publisher	Kodansha
Island of the Blue Dolphins	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Psychonauts	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Psychonauts	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Kiln People	publisher	Tor Books
Marvels	publisher	Marvel Comics
Air-Sea War – Battle	publisher	Philips
Air-Sea War – Battle	publisher	Magnavox
The Poisonwood Bible	publisher	Harper
Please Save My Earth	publisher	Hakusensha
The Wapshot Chronicle	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Angle of Repose	publisher	Doubleday
The Death of the Heart	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Republic: The Revolution	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Republic: The Revolution	publisher	Feral Interactive
Titan	publisher	Puffin
Crystal Caves	publisher	Apogee Software
The Bachelor of Arts	publisher	Nelson
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3	publisher	Activision
Cosmic Boy	publisher	DC Comics
Lilith	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Ninku	publisher	Shueisha
In Search of the Castaways	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Drum Mania	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment, Inc.
The Dark Is Rising Sequence	publisher	Random House Children's Books
Scarab of Ra	publisher	Semicolon Software
Fallen Angel	publisher	DC Comics
Fallen Angel	publisher	IDW Publishing
Final Fantasy XII	publisher	Square Enix
Bases Loaded II: Second Season	publisher	Jaleco
The Adventures of Bayou Billy	publisher	Konami
The Goonies II	publisher	Konami
The Goonies II	publisher	Amulet Books
Karate Champ	publisher	Data East
Batman Returns	publisher	Sega of America
Batman Returns	publisher	Konami
Batman Returns	publisher	Atari
Def Jam Vendetta	publisher	Electronic Arts
Superman	publisher	Titus Software
Lincoln	publisher	Random House
An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon	publisher	Richard Chiswell
SSN	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
PaRappa the Rapper 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Chrono Crusade	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Florida Roadkill	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Florida Roadkill	publisher	HarperCollins
Triggerfish Twist	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Triggerfish Twist	publisher	HarperCollins
The Passion of New Eve	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Name This Game	publisher	US Games
Name This Game	publisher	Carrere Video Distribution
G Senjō Heaven's Door	publisher	Shogakukan
The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas	publisher	Harcourt
Middlesex	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Katamari Damacy	publisher	Namco
Risk: The Lord of the Rings Trilogy Edition	publisher	Hasbro
Godzilla: Monster of Monsters	publisher	Toho
1982, Janine	publisher	Viking Adult
Firewall	publisher	Ordfront
Neocron	publisher	CDV Software
Sirius	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time	publisher	Doubleday
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time	publisher	Anchor Canada
Hospital Station	publisher	Ballantine Books
Ella Enchanted	publisher	HarperTrophy
Romance of Atlantis	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Naked	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Me Talk Pretty One Day	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Orcs and Goblins	publisher	Games Workshop
Handbook of Texas	publisher	Texas State Historical Association
Lucire	publisher	Jack Yan
Lucire	publisher	Miguel Kirjon
Lucire	publisher	Valentin Lapusca
Jungle Hunt	publisher	Taito Corporation
Jungle Hunt	publisher	Atari
Policenauts	publisher	Konami
The Vampire Armand	publisher	Alfred A Knopf
Warhammer Fantasy Battle	publisher	Games Workshop
Warhammer: Dark Omen	publisher	Electronic Arts
Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning	publisher	Electronic Arts
Warhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat	publisher	Mindscape
Warhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Warhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat	publisher	GOG Ltd
Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos	publisher	Marvel Comics
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Bed-Sitting Room	publisher	Tandem
Dark Horse Presents	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Boy	publisher	Cape
James and the Giant Peach	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
Warhammer Quest	publisher	Games Workshop
Kiss Kiss	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sphere	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Diddy Kong Racing	publisher	Rare
Triton	publisher	Bantam Books
GoldenEye: Rogue Agent	publisher	Electronic Arts
Peyton Place	publisher	Julian Messner, Inc.
Revelation Space	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Chasm City	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Berlin Alexanderplatz	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Berlin Alexanderplatz	publisher	Berlin
Diary	publisher	Doubleday
Only You Can Save Mankind	publisher	Doubleday
Musician	publisher	Philips
Race – Spin-out – Cryptogram	publisher	Philips
Race – Spin-out – Cryptogram	publisher	Magnavox
Munchkin	publisher	Philips
Munchkin	publisher	Magnavox
Pickaxe Pete	publisher	Philips
Pickaxe Pete	publisher	Magnavox
Johnny and the Dead	publisher	Doubleday
Dark Reign: The Future of War	publisher	Activision
Heather Has Two Mommies	publisher	Alyson Books
Poly Play	publisher	VEB Polytechnik
Metabarons	publisher	Les Humanoïdes Associés
Metabarons	publisher	Arboris B.V.
Metabarons	publisher	'Norma Editorial, S.A.
Metabarons	publisher	DC Comics
Metabarons	publisher	Humanoids
The Complete Psionics Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Going After Cacciato	publisher	Delacorte Press
Going After Cacciato	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Super Street Fighter II Turbo	publisher	Capcom
Lakers versus Celtics and the NBA Playoffs	publisher	Electronic Arts
Survival	publisher	Target Books
El Grande	publisher	Hans im Glück
El Grande	publisher	Rio Grande Games
El Grande	publisher	999
Guillotine	publisher	AMIGO Spiel + Freizeit GmbH
Guillotine	publisher	Darwin Project
Guillotine	publisher	Hasbro
Guillotine	publisher	Play Factory
Guillotine	publisher	PS-Games
Guillotine	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Vice Versa	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Gone for Soldiers	publisher	Ballantine Books
Super Sprint	publisher	Atari Games
WarCry	publisher	Sabertooth Games
Ys: The Ark of Napishtim	publisher	Nihon Falcom( )
Ys: The Ark of Napishtim	publisher	Konami( )
Ys: The Ark of Napishtim	publisher	XSEED Games( )
Memoirs of a Geisha	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Twelve Kingdoms	publisher	Kodansha
The Twelve Kingdoms	publisher	Shinchosha
Blindness	publisher	Caminho
Tranz Am	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
The Devil's Star	publisher	Random House
The Redbreast	publisher	Random House
The Bourne Supremacy	publisher	Random House
Ren'ai CHU!	publisher	Saga Planets
Ren'ai CHU!	publisher	GN Software
Road Runner	publisher	Atari Games
The Littles	publisher	Scholastic Publishing
Brewster's Millions	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Horror of Fang Rock	publisher	Target Books
City	publisher	Gnome Press
Paperboy	publisher	Atari Games
Paperboy	publisher	Elite Systems
Paperboy	publisher	Mindscape
Eats, Shoots & Leaves	publisher	Profile Books
Social Text	publisher	Duke University Press
Pittsburgh Tribune-Review	publisher	Richard Mellon Scaife
Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising	publisher	Nintendo
Mega Man Zero 2	publisher	Capcom
The Death of a President	publisher	Harper & Row
The Death of a President	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Pendragon	publisher	Chaosium
Pendragon	publisher	Green Knight Publishing
Pendragon	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Pendragon	publisher	Nocturnal Media
Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast	publisher	Black Isle Studios
Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance II	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn	publisher	Black Isle Studios
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Fritz	publisher	ChessBase
Ultima Online: Age of Shadows	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Code Book	publisher	Fourth Estate
Albedo Anthropomorphics	publisher	Thoughts & Images, Antarctic Press, Shanda Fantasy Arts
Hawksbill Station	publisher	Doubleday
Monstrous Manual	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Royal Book of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Color a Dinosaur	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Tikkun	publisher	Duke University Press
Phoenix	publisher	Centuri
Phoenix	publisher	Taito Corporation
Phoenix	publisher	Atari
The Puzzle Palace	publisher	Houghton-Mifflin
Viewtiful Joe	publisher	Capcom
Axis & Allies: Europe	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Other Side of Midnight	publisher	William Morrow
English As She Is Spoke	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
The News International	publisher	Mir Shakil-ur-Rahman
Julia's Kitchen Wisdom	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Two Treatises of Government	publisher	Awnsham Churchill
Waikato Times	publisher	Fairfax Media
Slan	publisher	Arkham House
The Garden of Rama	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Garden of Rama	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Giants: Citizen Kabuto	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Giants: Citizen Kabuto	publisher	MacPlay
Werewolf: The Wild West	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The Water-Method Man	publisher	Random House
The Night of the Triffids	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
N	publisher	Metanet Software
Moon Patrol	publisher	Irem
Moon Patrol	publisher	Williams Electronics
Moon Patrol	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Moon Patrol	publisher	Atarisoft
I, Robot	publisher	Atari Inc.
Macross 7	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tristessa	publisher	Avon
The Subterraneans	publisher	Grove Press
Super Dimensional Fortress Macross II: Lovers Again	publisher	Shogakukan
Super Dimensional Fortress Macross II: Lovers Again	publisher	Viz Media
The Woman Warrior	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Dark Knight Strikes Again	publisher	DC Comics
Y: The Last Man	publisher	Vertigo
Goodnight Mister Tom	publisher	Viking Press
Counterexamples in Topology	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Justine	publisher	J. V. Girouard
Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey	publisher	Atari Games
Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey	publisher	Midway Games
The Godmakers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Para Para Paradise	publisher	Konami
Market Forces	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Red Dead Revolver	publisher	Rockstar Games
Orlando: A Biography	publisher	Hogarth Press
Hellstrom's Hive	publisher	Doubleday
Mancopter	publisher	Datasoft
SD Snatcher	publisher	Konami
To Have and Have Not	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Unfit for Command	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Street Fighter Alpha 3	publisher	Capcom
Speed Devils	publisher	Ubisoft
Death Crimson OX	publisher	Ecole Software
Death Crimson OX	publisher	Sega Sammy Holdings
Death Crimson OX	publisher	Play It
Tuesdays with Morrie	publisher	Doubleday
Conker's Pocket Tales	publisher	Nintendo
Pokémon Pinball	publisher	Nintendo
Pokémon Puzzle Challenge	publisher	Nintendo
Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Shardik	publisher	Allen Lane
Tin Woodman	publisher	Doubleday
Dynamite Cop	publisher	Sega
MegaMan NT Warrior	publisher	Shogakukan
Tech Romancer	publisher	Capcom
Kirby's Avalanche	publisher	Nintendo
Answered Prayers: The Unfinished Novel	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Gods and Generals	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Last Full Measure	publisher	Ballantine Books
Hostile Waters: Antaeus Rising	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Metroid Prime Hunters	publisher	Nintendo
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War	publisher	THQ
American Notes	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Flag to Flag	publisher	Sega
Millennium Soldier: Expendable	publisher	Imagineer
Millennium Soldier: Expendable	publisher	Infogrames
Animerica	publisher	Viz Media
Patriot Games	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Computational Linguistics	publisher	Association for Computational Linguistics and MIT Press
Barefoot Gen	publisher	Shueisha
Barefoot Gen	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
Barefoot Gen	publisher	Iwanami Shoten, Publishers
Barefoot Gen	publisher	KyouikuShiryo Publishing
Barefoot Gen	publisher	KyouikuShiryo Publishing
Barefoot Gen	publisher	Kodansha
Barefoot Gen	publisher	Azusa Syuppansya
Barefoot Gen	publisher	Iwanami Shoten
Hoshin Engi	publisher	Shueisha
Hoshin Engi	publisher	Kodansha
Small World: An Academic Romance	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Beneath the Wheel	publisher	S. Fisherman
Changing Places	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Parasite Eve II	publisher	Square
Dance Maniax	publisher	Konami
Death's Domain	publisher	Corgi
Star Trek: Birth of the Federation	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Air Zonk	publisher	Hudson Soft
Madlax	publisher	Hobby Japan
The Botany of Desire	publisher	Random House
In the Groove	publisher	RedOctane
A Lost Lady	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Stuff	publisher	Haymarket Group
Marvel Super Hero Contest of Champions	publisher	Marvel Comics
No One Writes to the Colonel	publisher	Harper & Row
Dawn	publisher	Khawaja Kaleem Ahmed
Septerra Core	publisher	Monolith Productions
Nicholas Nickleby	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Jet Set Radio Future	publisher	Sega
Bomberman Jetters	publisher	Shogakukan
The Partner	publisher	Doubleday
Skipping Christmas	publisher	Doubleday
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary	publisher	Oxford University Press
Fevre Dream	publisher	Poseidon Press
The Colonel's Bequest	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Firm	publisher	Random House
Niji-iro Tōgarashi	publisher	Shogakukan
Atom: Journey Across the Subatomic Cosmos	publisher	Dutton Adult
Doki! Doki! Yūenchi: Crazy Land Daisakusen	publisher	Video and Audio Project
Doki! Doki! Yūenchi: Crazy Land Daisakusen	publisher	American Softworks
The Cobweb	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Interface	publisher	Bantam Books
Medal of Honor: Underground	publisher	Electronic Arts
Medal of Honor: Underground	publisher	Game Boy Advance
Tipping the Velvet	publisher	Virago
Hen	publisher	Shueisha
Gantz	publisher	Shueisha
Food Fight	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Roma Sub Rosa	publisher	St. Martin's Press, Minotaur Books
Darkover Landfall	publisher	DAW Books
Stormqueen!	publisher	DAW Books
Super Magnetic Neo	publisher	Crave Entertainment
An Area of Darkness	publisher	André Deutsch
Bonk	publisher	Shogakukan
Fable	publisher	*
Fable	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Fable	publisher	Feral Interactive
Kingdom of Loathing	publisher	Asymmetric Publications
Evolution 2: Far Off Promise	publisher	Ubisoft
Wedding Preparations in the Country	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Evolution: The World of Sacred Device	publisher	Entertainment Software Publishing
Evolution: The World of Sacred Device	publisher	Ubisoft
The Judgment	publisher	Max Brod
Pompeii	publisher	Hutchinson
Pompeii	publisher	Random House
Sight & Sound	publisher	British Film Institute
Kodocha	publisher	Shueisha
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords	publisher	Aspyr
Midori Days	publisher	Shogakukan
Cruis'n USA	publisher	Nintendo
G-Taste	publisher	Kodansha
A Light in the Attic	publisher	Harper & Row
Reliance of the Traveller	publisher	Amana publications
Chameleon Twist	publisher	Sunsoft
Bruny Surin	publisher	Éditions Libre Expression
Gyromite	publisher	Nintendo
Pnin	publisher	Heinemann
Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines	publisher	Activision
Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle	publisher	Sega
Digital Fortress	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Digital Fortress	publisher	Transworld
Hawkmistress!	publisher	DAW Books
Tactical Ops: Assault on Terror	publisher	MicroProse
The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions	publisher	Octopus Publishing Group
Adventure Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Slow River	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sega Smash Pack	publisher	Sega
The Simple Art of Murder	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Counter-Strike: Source	publisher	Valve Corporation
Artemis Fowl: The Opal Deception	publisher	Puffin Books
Divine Right: The Adventures of Max Faraday	publisher	Wildstorm
Donkey Kong	publisher	Nintendo
Sword of Fargoal	publisher	Epyx
Ultimate X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Prague	publisher	Random House
Delta Green	publisher	Pagan Publishing
The Wheel of Time Collectible Card Game	publisher	Precedence Entertainment
Star of the Guardians	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Dr. Franken	publisher	Kemco
Dr. Franken	publisher	DTMC
Adventures of Yogi Bear	publisher	Cybersoft
Adventures of Yogi Bear	publisher	GameTek
Adventures of Yogi Bear	publisher	Empire Interactive
Adventures of Yogi Bear	publisher	Magifact
The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle and Friends	publisher	THQ
The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle and Friends	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Aerobiz Supersonic	publisher	Koei
Aero the Acro-Bat	publisher	Sunsoft
Aero the Acro-Bat	publisher	Metro 3D/Zoo Digital
Soccer Kid	publisher	Krisalis, Yanoman, Ocean, ReadySoft, Telegames, Songbird Productions
Aero the Acro-Bat 2	publisher	Sunsoft
Cloudstreet	publisher	McPhee Gribble
Kung-Fu Master	publisher	Irem
Kung-Fu Master	publisher	Data East USA
Kung-Fu Master	publisher	Nintendo
Man O' War	publisher	Games Workshop
Space Hulk	publisher	Games Workshop
The Hollow	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
The Origins of Totalitarianism	publisher	Schocken Books
Knife of Dreams	publisher	Tor Books
Knife of Dreams	publisher	Orbit Books
The Great Explosion	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Bad Day on the Midway	publisher	Inscape
Dune: The Butlerian Jihad	publisher	Tor Books
Mayfair	publisher	Paul Raymond Publications
Hanaukyo Maid Team	publisher	Akita Shoten
Rise to Rebellion	publisher	Ballantine Books
Counter-Strike: Condition Zero	publisher	Sierra Studios
Counter-Strike: Condition Zero	publisher	Valve Corporation
Lucifer's Hammer	publisher	Playboy Press
Earth Abides	publisher	Random House
Junie B. Jones	publisher	Random House
I'm OK – You're OK	publisher	Harper & Row
Clockwork Knight	publisher	Sega
Battle Arena Toshinden	publisher	Takara Tomy
Battle Arena Toshinden	publisher	SCEA
Battle Arena Toshinden	publisher	Sega
Battle Arena Toshinden	publisher	Nintendo
Space Hulk	publisher	Electronic Arts
Necromunda	publisher	Games Workshop
Dune: The Machine Crusade	publisher	Tor Books
Starcross	publisher	Infocom
Casanova's Chinese Restaurant	publisher	Heinemann
Love on the Dole	publisher	Cape
Time Crisis 3	publisher	Namco
A Time of Changes	publisher	Doubleday
Downward to the Earth	publisher	Doubleday
The Ancestor's Tale	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Ancestor's Tale	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
In Death Ground	publisher	Baen Books
The Shiva Option	publisher	Baen Books
Cherry	publisher	Last Gasp
Cherry	publisher	Cherry Comics
Moment in Peking	publisher	John Day Company
Hoi AGA	publisher	Hoi: Hollyware Entertainment
Hoi AGA	publisher	Hoi AGA:Self-published
The Flying Circus of Physics	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
Girl Heroes	publisher	Pluto Press
Might and Magic Book One: The Secret of the Inner Sanctum	publisher	New World Computing
Might and Magic Book One: The Secret of the Inner Sanctum	publisher	Gakken
Might and Magic Book One: The Secret of the Inner Sanctum	publisher	StarCraft
Might and Magic Book One: The Secret of the Inner Sanctum	publisher	Sammy USA
Steam Detectives	publisher	Shueisha
Academic Ranking of World Universities	publisher	Shanghai Ranking Consultancy
Academic Ranking of World Universities	publisher	Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Biographical Dictionary of the Extreme Right Since 1890	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Holes	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Holes	publisher	Bloomsbury
Holes	publisher	Ediciones SM
Getting Things Done	publisher	Penguin
The Curse of Peladon	publisher	Target Books
Alien Front Online	publisher	Sega
SimLife	publisher	Maxis Software
The Lost City of the Jedi	publisher	Skylark
Chart Attack	publisher	Channel Zero Inc.
Dune	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Notebooks of Lazarus Long	publisher	Ace Books
ClayFighter 63⅓	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Alchymist's Cat	publisher	Hodder Wayland
The Enemy Papers	publisher	Backinprint.com
Wetrix	publisher	Ocean Software , Imagineer , Xicat Interactive, Inc. / Take 2 Interactive
Chris Sawyer's Locomotion	publisher	Atari
The Pillars of Creation	publisher	Tor Books
Memoirs Found in a Bathtub	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
MIT Sloan Management Review	publisher	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
The Pursuit of the House-Boat	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Pollyanna	publisher	L.C. Page
Nigger Heaven	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Shadow of Memories	publisher	Konami
The Dragonbone Chair	publisher	DAW Books
Dragonfly: NASA and the Crisis Aboard Mir	publisher	Fourth Estate
The John Varley Reader	publisher	Ace Books
Furball	publisher	Dimensions Software
Magician	publisher	Doubleday
Stunts	publisher	Brøderbund
Stunts	publisher	Mindscape
The Cruel Sea	publisher	Cassell & Co, London
The Cruel Sea	publisher	Knopf, New York
Agenda	publisher	Christ Church
Futari wa Pretty Cure	publisher	Kodansha
Space Combat	publisher	Laminar Research
Star Ocean	publisher	Enix
The Carpet People	publisher	Colin Smythe
Hitman: Codename 47	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Star Ocean: Till the End of Time	publisher	Enix
Star Ocean: Till the End of Time	publisher	Square Enix
The World Inside	publisher	Doubleday
Blake and Mortimer	publisher	Tintin magazine
Blake and Mortimer	publisher	Editions du Lombard
Blake and Mortimer	publisher	Editions Blake et Mortimer
Blake and Mortimer	publisher	Cinebook Ltd
Revenge of the Mutant Camels	publisher	Llamasoft
Red Faction II	publisher	THQ
The Uplift War	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Shift	publisher	Andrew Heintzman
Centinel of the Northwest Territory	publisher	William Maxwell, Edmund Freeman
Hell: A Cyberpunk Thriller	publisher	GameTek
Flashback	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Female Man	publisher	Bantam Books
Crux Ansata	publisher	Penguin Books
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils	publisher	Ming Pao
Button Men	publisher	Cheapass Games
Crelle's Journal	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Tibia	publisher	CipSoft
My Ishmael	publisher	Bantam Books
Renegade	publisher	Technos Japan
Renegade	publisher	Taito
Paper Lion	publisher	Harper
Vampire: The Requiem	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Vampire: The Requiem	publisher	Onyx Path Publishing
Ideas Have Consequences	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Beggars in Spain	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Cities of the Red Night	publisher	Viking Press
Dune: The Battle of Corrin	publisher	Tor Books
Zot!	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Persistence of Memory	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
Dandelion Wine	publisher	Doubleday
Floor 13	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Generation Warriors	publisher	Baen Books
The Chocolate War	publisher	Pantheon Books
D20 Modern	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Urban Arcana	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
SilverFin	publisher	Puffin Books
Vampire: The Eternal Struggle	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Dead Man's Hand	publisher	Atari
Concepts of Modern Mathematics	publisher	Dover publication
Evolving the Alien	publisher	Ebury Press
RG Veda	publisher	Shinshokan
What Do You Care What Other People Think%3F	publisher	W. W. Norton
Tag Team Wrestling	publisher	Data East
The Marble Faun	publisher	Ticknor and Fields
Bastard!!	publisher	Shueisha
Rocket Power: Beach Bandits	publisher	THQ
Might and Magic III: Isles of Terra	publisher	New World Computing
The Polar Express	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Irrational Exuberance	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Light and the Dark	publisher	London : Faber
All Flesh Must Be Eaten	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
Super Play	publisher	Future plc
Vs. System	publisher	Upper Deck Entertainment
Bless Me, Ultima	publisher	Quinto Sol
Enchanter	publisher	Infocom
Clannad	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Clannad	publisher	Jive
Clannad	publisher	Flex Comix
Clannad	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Clannad	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Air	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Titan	publisher	HarperCollins
The Gemini Contenders	publisher	Dial Press
The Dune Encyclopedia	publisher	Berkley Books
Warcraft II: Beyond the Dark Portal	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Magical Pokémon Journey	publisher	Shogakukan
Pokémon: The Electric Tale of Pikachu	publisher	Shogakukan
George Passant	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Car and Driver	publisher	Hearst Corporation
The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	John Murray
Temple of Apshai	publisher	Epyx
Fatal Vision controversy	publisher	New American Library
My Further Disillusionment in Russia	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Under the Greenwood Tree	publisher	William Tinsley
Desperate Remedies	publisher	William Tinsley
A Pair of Blue Eyes	publisher	William Tinsley
The Return of the Native	publisher	Belgravia, the Magazine of Fashion and Amusement
Turtle Geometry	publisher	MIT Press
Quarterly Essay	publisher	Schwartz Publishing
Fur Fighters	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Ultimate Fantastic Four	publisher	Marvel Comics
Age of Empires: The Rise of Rome	publisher	Microsoft
The World of Suzie Wong	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Wise Blood	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Final Fight 3	publisher	Capcom
Final Fight Revenge	publisher	Capcom
Final Fight 2	publisher	Capcom
Evil Genius	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Evil Genius	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Dragondrums	publisher	Atheneum Books
Riders of the Purple Sage	publisher	Harper
Age of Empires II: The Conquerors	publisher	Microsoft
Virtual Light	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Virtual Light	publisher	Viking Press
Virtual Light	publisher	Seal Books
Idoru	publisher	Viking Press
Nitemare 3D	publisher	Accurate Research, Inc.
Annalen der Physik	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Evasion	publisher	CrimethInc.
Hogan's Alley	publisher	Nintendo
stay night	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Warlords	publisher	Strategic Studies Group
Warlords	publisher	Red Orb Entertainment
Warlords	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
Blackwood Farm	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Razzle	publisher	Paul Raymond Publications
Evil Under the Sun	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Viewtiful Joe 2	publisher	Capcom
Josie and the Pussycats	publisher	Archie Comics
Devil Hunter Yohko	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Sorcerer's Apprentice	publisher	Weidenfeld and Nicolson
The Raw and the Cooked	publisher	Plon
Moon Shot	publisher	Turner Publishing
Horse Under Water	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Naked God	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Neutronium Alchemist	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Trinity	publisher	Infocom
Call of Duty: Finest Hour	publisher	Activision
Call of Duty: Finest Hour	publisher	Capcom
Airframe	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Zone of the Enders	publisher	Konami
The Sneetches and Other Stories	publisher	Redbook
The Sneetches and Other Stories	publisher	Random House
An Unusual Angle	publisher	Nostrillia Press
Evelina	publisher	Thomas Lowndes
The Goon	publisher	Avatar Press
The Goon	publisher	Albatross Exploding Funny Books
The Goon	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Vendetta	publisher	Konami
The Star-Ledger	publisher	Richard Vezza
Sputnik Sweetheart	publisher	Kodansha
The Screwfly Solution	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Love Is the Plan the Plan Is Death	publisher	Ballantine Books
Speedy Eggbert	publisher	EGames
3×3 Eyes	publisher	Kodansha
My Friend Flicka	publisher	J. B. Lippincott Company
Oroonoko	publisher	Will. Canning
A Planet Called Treason	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Guide	publisher	Viking Press
The Guide	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Economic Times	publisher	The Times Group
Ken's Labyrinth	publisher	Epic MegaGames
The Soul of a New Machine	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Talislanta	publisher	Bard Games
Talislanta	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Talislanta	publisher	Shooting Iron
Talislanta	publisher	Morrigan Press
Talislanta	publisher	Ludopathes Éditeurs
Snow Bros	publisher	Capcom
Snow Bros	publisher	Tengen
Donkey Konga	publisher	Nintendo
DC Comics Presents	publisher	DC Comics
Vampire Princess Miyu	publisher	Akita Shoten
Ninja Nonsense	publisher	MediaWorks
The Last Hurrah	publisher	Little, Brown
The Shadow of Yserbius	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Panorama	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Ghosts 'n Goblins	publisher	Capcom
Ghosts 'n Goblins	publisher	Taito America
The Ebony Tower	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Ebony Tower	publisher	Little Brown
Alien Hominid	publisher	O3 Entertainment
Alien Hominid	publisher	Zushi Games
Alien Hominid	publisher	The Behemoth
A Short History of Nearly Everything	publisher	Black Swan
A Short History of Nearly Everything	publisher	Broadway Books
Codename: Panzers	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Medabots	publisher	Kodansha
Valhalla	publisher	Legend
Monstrous Regiment	publisher	Doubleday
Superman & Batman: Generations	publisher	DC Comics
The Plot Against America	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Brawl Brothers	publisher	Jaleco
Prince of Persia: Warrior Within	publisher	Ubisoft, Gameloft
Eden	publisher	Iskry
Mary Poppins Opens the Door	publisher	Peter Davies
Mary Poppins Opens the Door	publisher	Reynal & Hitchcock
The European Dream	publisher	Jeremy P. Tarcher Inc.
Ringworld's Children	publisher	Tor Books
Blade of the Immortal	publisher	Kodansha
Blade of the Immortal	publisher	Kodansha
Imajica	publisher	HarperCollins
Dragon Age: Origins	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dark Age Ahead	publisher	Random House
Starquake	publisher	Bubble Bus Software
The Frankenfood Myth	publisher	Praeger Publishers
Little Big Adventure	publisher	* Electronic Arts
Little Big Adventure	publisher	* Activision
Little Big Adventure	publisher	* Electronic Arts Victor
Little Big Adventure	publisher	* DotEmu
Vib-Ribbon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Duel Masters Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Grand Theft Auto	publisher	Rockstar Games
Sorcerer	publisher	Adept Press
D20 Future	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Taiko: Drum Master	publisher	Namco
The Motorcycle Diaries	publisher	Verso Books
Comanche Moon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Rees's Cyclopædia	publisher	Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme and Brown
Tarzan of the Apes	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Hyper Dyne Side Arms	publisher	Capcom
Hyper Dyne Side Arms	publisher	Romstar
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Andalite Chronicles	publisher	Scholastic Press
Deception Point	publisher	Pocket Books
Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!	publisher	W.W. Norton
Love in the Time of Cholera	publisher	Editorial Oveja Negra
Love in the Time of Cholera	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Gai-Jin	publisher	Delacorte Press
Starhawk	publisher	Cinematronics
Rite of Passage	publisher	Ace Books
Ammonite	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Four Color	publisher	Dell Comics
Mega Man Network Transmission	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Network Transmission	publisher	Shogakukan
The Bloody Chamber	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Strider	publisher	Capcom
Mr. Driller	publisher	Namco
X-Men: Children of the Atom	publisher	Capcom
First Among Equals	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
First Among Equals	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Congo Bongo	publisher	Sega
Octopussy and The Living Daylights	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Thrilling Cities	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Elfen Lied	publisher	Shueisha
Banana Fish	publisher	Shogakukan
Death Note	publisher	Shueisha
De revolutionibus orbium coelestium	publisher	Johannes Petreius
Up the Down Staircase	publisher	Prentice-Hall
The Lottery	publisher	The New Yorker
Clamp School Detectives	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A Summons to Memphis	publisher	Alfred A Knopf
Strider 2	publisher	Capcom
Night Driver	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Coma	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
De humani corporis fabrica	publisher	School of medicine, Padua
Sphinx	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Spirit of St. Louis	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Fever	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Godplayer	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Mindbend	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Kaffir Boy	publisher	Macmillan
X-Men	publisher	Konami
Pez Card Game	publisher	U.S. Games Systems, Inc.
Farewell to Manzanar	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Vampire Killer	publisher	Konami
Memoir '44	publisher	Days of Wonder
A Princess of Mars	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Bucky O'Hare	publisher	Konami
MechAssault	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Faceless Killers	publisher	Ordfront
He Who Whispers	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
He Who Whispers	publisher	Harper
The Crooked Hinge	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Crooked Hinge	publisher	Harper
Operation Wolf	publisher	Taito
Much Obliged, Jeeves	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
The Simpsons	publisher	Konami
The Birds and the Bees II: Antics	publisher	Bug-Byte
Blood Canticle	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Buso Renkin	publisher	Shueisha
Napoleon Disentimed	publisher	Tor Books
Earthly Powers	publisher	Hutchinson
The Dreamers	publisher	HarperCollins
Sanctuary	publisher	Jonathan Cape and Harrison Smith
Mario vs. Donkey Kong	publisher	Nintendo
Witchaven	publisher	IntraCorp
Moonbase Commander	publisher	Infogrames
Moonbase Commander	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Popular Electronics	publisher	Ziff Davis
Popular Electronics	publisher	Gernsback Publications
Rampage	publisher	Midway Games
Rampage	publisher	Sega
Rampage	publisher	Data East
Rampage	publisher	Atari
Rampage	publisher	Activision
Nightshade	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
A Hero of Our Time	publisher	Iliya Glazunov & Co
Versed	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Quadrun	publisher	Atari
Nexus: The Jupiter Incident	publisher	Vivendi Universal
Nexus: The Jupiter Incident	publisher	HD Interactive
A Man in Full	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Shake Hands with the Devil	publisher	Random House of Canada
The Blackwater Lightship	publisher	Picador
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Last Don	publisher	Random House
The Gutenberg Galaxy	publisher	University of Toronto Press
Mind Walker	publisher	Commodore International
Manual of the Planes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Manual of the Planes	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Jade Empire	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Infinite Ryvius	publisher	MediaWorks
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Those Who Hunt Elves	publisher	MediaWorks
The Seven Sins of Memory	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Freddy Pharkas: Frontier Pharmacist	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Krakout	publisher	Gremlin Graphics Software
Wizball	publisher	Ocean Software
Disney Animation: The Illusion of Life	publisher	Abbeville Press
National Lampoon's Doon	publisher	Pocket Books
I Am the Cheese	publisher	Pantheon Books
Kinnikuman	publisher	Shueisha
Frost & Fire	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Last Defender of Camelot	publisher	Pocket Books
Manna from Heaven	publisher	Wildside Press
My Name Is Legion	publisher	Ballantine Books
Unicorn Variations	publisher	Timescape Books
Deadlands: Hell on Earth	publisher	Pinnacle Entertainment Group
Deadlands: Lost Colony	publisher	Pinnacle Entertainment Group
The Joy of Cooking	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
The Joy of Cooking	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Air Fortress	publisher	HAL Laboratory
The Carpathian Castle	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Habitat	publisher	Quantum Link, Fujitsu
The Press and Journal	publisher	Aberdeen Journals
Wag the Dog	publisher	Nation Books
Evening Express	publisher	Aberdeen Journals
Trout Fishing in America	publisher	Four Seasons Foundation
He Died with a Felafel in His Hand	publisher	The Yellow Press
The Magic of Scheherazade	publisher	Culture Brain
Commando	publisher	Capcom
Full Spectrum Warrior	publisher	THQ
Full Spectrum Warrior	publisher	Nordic Games
Autumn Visits	publisher	E-Book
Yaiba	publisher	Shogakukan
Silent Scope	publisher	Konami
Zork Nemesis	publisher	Activision
Wreckless: The Yakuza Missions	publisher	Activision
Magic Kaito	publisher	Shogakukan
Tony Hawk's Underground 2	publisher	Activision
Mortal Kombat Trilogy	publisher	WMS Industries
Mortal Kombat Trilogy	publisher	Midway Games
Mortal Kombat Trilogy	publisher	GT Interactive
Mortal Kombat Trilogy	publisher	SoftBank
Mortal Kombat Trilogy	publisher	Gradiente
Mortal Kombat Trilogy	publisher	Tectoy
Mortal Kombat II	publisher	Midway Games
Mortal Kombat II	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Exodus	publisher	Wisdom Tree
Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu	publisher	Hudson Soft
Black Sun	publisher	Simon & Schuster
BloodRayne 2	publisher	PlayStation 2 & Xbox
BloodRayne 2	publisher	Microsoft Windows
BloodRayne 2	publisher	Majesco Games
Kenya Mountain	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Janus: A Summing Up	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Rollerball	publisher	HAL Laboratory
God's Playground	publisher	Columbia University Press
The Woodlanders	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
MechCommander	publisher	MicroProse
Operation Thunderbolt	publisher	Taito Corporation
I%22s	publisher	Shueisha
The Third Policeman	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Country Life	publisher	Time Inc UK
Ai Yori Aoshi	publisher	Hakusensha
The Black Book of Communism	publisher	Harvard University Press
Meridian 59	publisher	The 3DO Company
Meridian 59	publisher	Near Death Studios
The Kindaichi Case Files	publisher	Kodansha
Demon Attack	publisher	Imagic
DragonRaid	publisher	Adventures for Christ
Moral Mazes	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Paris Review	publisher	Susannah Hunnewell
Jill of the Jungle	publisher	Epic MegaGames
West of Eden	publisher	Bantam Books
Jet Set Radio	publisher	Sega
What's Bred in the Bone	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
On a Pale Horse	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Twin Dilemma	publisher	Target Books
Avengers Forever	publisher	Marvel Comics
Genshiken	publisher	Kodansha
The Stars Shine Down	publisher	William Morrow
The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise	publisher	Whitcombe and Tombs
Dombey and Son	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
The Oval Portrait	publisher	Graham's Magazine
SOCOM II	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
How Europe Underdeveloped Africa	publisher	Bogle-L'Ouverture Publications
My Dark Places	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo	publisher	Kodansha
Bad Mojo	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Forty Days of Musa Dagh	publisher	Fischer Verlag , David R. Godine
The Other Boleyn Girl	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Requiem for a Dream	publisher	Playboy Press
Vathek	publisher	J. Johnson
Journal of Near-Death Studies	publisher	International Association for Near-Death Studies
Times of Lore	publisher	Origin Systems
On the Black Hill	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Steel Angel Kurumi	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gumshoe	publisher	Nintendo
Sukeban Deka	publisher	Hakusensha
Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door	publisher	Nintendo
Travels with Charley	publisher	Viking Press
This Ugly yet Beautiful World	publisher	Hakusensha
Global Garden	publisher	Hakusensha
Imzadi	publisher	Pocket Books
The Moor's Last Sigh	publisher	Random House
Notes and Queries	publisher	Oxford University Press
Escape from Atlantis	publisher	Parker Brothers
Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society
Disco Bloodbath	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Apocalypso	publisher	Doubleday
Spring Snow	publisher	Shinchosha
Spring Snow	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Strange Adventures	publisher	DC Comics
Strange Adventures	publisher	Vertigo
Seduction of the Innocent	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Danny Morrison	publisher	Hodder Moa Beckett
Maburaho	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Maburaho	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Warmachine	publisher	Privateer Press
Go Down, Moses	publisher	Random House
KULT: The Temple of Flying Saucers	publisher	Infogrames
KULT: The Temple of Flying Saucers	publisher	Data East Corporation
The Sigma Protocol	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Wave Race: Blue Storm	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Kart DS	publisher	Nintendo
Clover	publisher	Kodansha
The Keepers of the House	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Half Past Human	publisher	Ballantine Books
Atlantida	publisher	Duffield
Message to Adolf	publisher	Bungeishunjū
Beyond Zork	publisher	Infocom
Mystic Towers	publisher	Manaccom
Mystic Towers	publisher	3D Realms
Dissent	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press on behalf of the Foundation for the Study Independent Social Ideas, Inc.
The Thanatos Syndrome	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
The Thanatos Syndrome	publisher	Palandin
Strandloper	publisher	The Harvill Press
The Road to Reality	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Plantae Asiaticae Rariores	publisher	Richard Taylor for Treuttel and Würtz
Kronen Zeitung	publisher	Krone Multimedia GmbH & Co KG
The Mind of God	publisher	Simon & Schuster UK
The Canary Murder Case	publisher	Scribner's
The Greene Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Scarab Murder Case	publisher	Ernest Benn
The Scarab Murder Case	publisher	Scribner's
The Bishop Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Kidnap Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Winter Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Kennel Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Kennel Murder Case	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Gracie Allen Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Bouvard et Pécuchet	publisher	H. S. Nichols
Two Planets	publisher	Felber
EverQuest II	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
The Concept of Mind	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles	publisher	Harper & Row
The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Nanosaur	publisher	Pangea Software
Nanosaur	publisher	Ideas From the Deep
The Tao of Physics	publisher	Shambhala Publications
Encyclopædia Iranica	publisher	Columbia University
Tribes of Redwall Otters	publisher	Red Fox  & Philomel
Compute!	publisher	Small System Services
Compute!	publisher	ABC Publishing
Blind Man's Bluff: The Untold Story of American Submarine Espionage	publisher	PublicAffairs
Sonic X-treme	publisher	Sega
Warmaster	publisher	Games Workshop
School Rumble	publisher	Kodansha
Road Rash 3D	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pokémon Diamond and Pearl	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Battlefield 2: Modern Combat	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cyber Team in Akihabara	publisher	Kodansha
Samurai	publisher	Abacus - German
Samurai	publisher	Rio Grande Games - English
The Old Man of Lochnagar	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Smoke Ring	publisher	Del Rey Books
Magic: The Gathering Online	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand	publisher	Bantam Books
Stone of Tears	publisher	Tor Books
The Invasion of Time	publisher	Target Books
The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap	publisher	Nintendo
The Leopard's Spots	publisher	Doubleday
Mordant's Need	publisher	Del Rey Books
Medal of Honor: European Assault	publisher	EA Games
A Wind in the Door	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Long Patrol	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Starstruck	publisher	Heavy Metal
Starstruck	publisher	Epic Comics
Starstruck	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Starstruck	publisher	IDW Publishing
RollerCoaster Tycoon 3	publisher	Atari, Inc.
RollerCoaster Tycoon 3	publisher	Aspyr Media
RollerCoaster Tycoon 3	publisher	Frontier Developments
Netherland	publisher	Harper Perennial
Yu Yu Hakusho Trading Card Game	publisher	Score Entertainment
Shadowgate	publisher	Mindscape
Shadowgate	publisher	Kemco
The Big Time	publisher	Ace Books
The Big Time	publisher	Gregg Press
Blinking with Fists	publisher	Faber and Faber
XX	publisher	Sega
Wild Gunman	publisher	Nintendo
The Four Loves	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Veil of Darkness	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Last Juror	publisher	Doubleday
Mortal Kombat: Deception	publisher	Midway Games
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Harpist in the Wind	publisher	Atheneum Books
Gardens of the Moon	publisher	Bantam Books
Gardens of the Moon	publisher	Tor Books
Islandia	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Hyperstone Heist	publisher	Konami
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time	publisher	Konami
Sega Superstars	publisher	Sega
Malazan Book of the Fallen	publisher	Bantam Books
Schismatrix	publisher	Arbor House Publishing Company
Hating America: The New World Sport	publisher	ReganBooks
Medal of Honor: Infiltrator	publisher	EA Games
Princess Knight	publisher	Kodansha
The Mystery at Lilac Inn	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Hollow Tree	publisher	Lester and Orpen Dennys
Earthworks	publisher	Faber & Faber
Good Housekeeping	publisher	Hearst Corporation
Yu-Gi-Oh! GX	publisher	Shueisha
The Great American Novel	publisher	Holt, Rinehart & Winston
Heir to the Empire	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Dark Force Rising	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Time Warrior	publisher	Target Books
The Sontaran Experiment	publisher	Target Books
The Abolition of Man	publisher	Oxford University Press
Digimon Adventure	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Locked Room	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Locked Room	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Angel's Command	publisher	Puffin Books
Castaways of the Flying Dutchman	publisher	Puffin Books
City of Golden Shadow	publisher	Legend Books
Thuvia, Maid of Mars	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Sisters	publisher	New American Library
Advanced HeroQuest	publisher	Games Workshop
Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories	publisher	Square Enix
Dragon Quest VI	publisher	Super Famicom
Dragon Quest VI	publisher	Nintendo DS
Dragon Quest VI	publisher	Android, iOS
Dragon Quest VI	publisher	Square Enix
Shellshock: Nam '67	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The New Soldier	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Fires of Eden	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Neopets Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Hey Nostradamus!	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Autocar	publisher	Haymarket Group
Genus	publisher	Antarctic Press
Genus	publisher	Radio Comix
Furrlough	publisher	Antarctic Press
Furrlough	publisher	Radio Comix
Five Little Pigs	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Pinball Illusions	publisher	EA DICE
American Renaissance	publisher	New Century Foundation
Intermediate Perl	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Darwinia	publisher	Introversion Software
Darwinia	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Darwinia	publisher	Cinemaware Marquee
Darwinia	publisher	EGames
Darwinia	publisher	
EverQuest Role-Playing Game	publisher	Sword and Sorcery Studios
Warcraft: The Roleplaying Game	publisher	Sword & Sorcery Studios
3D Monster Maze	publisher	J. K. Greye Software
Rose Madder	publisher	Viking Press
Seventh Son	publisher	Tor Books
Rupert of Hentzau	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith, Bristol & London
The Humane Interface	publisher	Addison Wesley
Tono-Bungay	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Evidence of Things Not Seen	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Revolution X	publisher	Midway Games
Revolution X	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Eaters of the Dead	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Pandora Tomorrow	publisher	Ubisoft
Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation	publisher	University Press of Virginia
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory	publisher	Ubisoft
The Ill-Made Knight	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Boonville	publisher	Creative Arts Book Company
Song of Solomon	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Betrayal of America	publisher	Nation Books
Top Gear	publisher	Kemco
Picture Post	publisher	Edward George Warris Hulton
Bubble Symphony	publisher	Taito
Castlevania: Harmony of Dissonance	publisher	Konami
Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil	publisher	Id Software
Mario Power Tennis	publisher	Nintendo
The Two Doctors	publisher	Target Books
Shining in the Darkness	publisher	Sega
Girl Got Game	publisher	Kodansha
Giftpia	publisher	Nintendo
Pete Sampras Tennis	publisher	Codemasters
Phantasy Star IV: The End of the Millennium	publisher	Sega
The Heart of Princess Osra	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Roadside Picnic	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Rocket Knight Adventures	publisher	Konami
White Teeth	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Tyrian	publisher	Epic Games
Tyrian	publisher	Stealth Media Group, Inc.
Tyrian	publisher	Symmetry Entertainment
My Uncle Oswald	publisher	Michael Joseph
Boy's Life	publisher	Pocket Books
The World Is Not Enough	publisher	Electronic Arts
Red Dog	publisher	Pantheon Books
Red Dog	publisher	Secker & Warburg UK
Red Dog	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins	publisher	Vanguard Press
The Death Ship	publisher	Büchergilde Gutenberg
The Twits	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Magic Finger	publisher	Harper & Row
George's Marvellous Medicine	publisher	Jonathan Cape
George's Marvellous Medicine	publisher	Alfred Knopf
George's Marvellous Medicine	publisher	Puffin Books
Esio Trot	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Esio Trot	publisher	Viking Press
The Vicar of Nibbleswicke	publisher	Century
Indiana Jones and the Iron Phoenix	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Yargo	publisher	Bantam Books
Liberation: Captive 2	publisher	Mindscape
For Love of the Game	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers
Cobra Trap	publisher	Souvenir Press
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth	publisher	EA Games
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth	publisher	New Line Cinema
The Lord of the Rings: The Third Age	publisher	Electronic Arts
Willamette Week	publisher	Mark Zusman
Willamette Week	publisher	Richard Meeker
Little Computer People	publisher	Activision
Little Computer People	publisher	Square
An Unsuitable Job for a Woman	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Lions of Al-Rassan	publisher	Harper Prism
007 Racing	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Cunning Man	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Scorpius	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Amateur Marriage	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Mega Man Zero 3	publisher	Capcom
Crabwalk	publisher	Steidl
Mossflower	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Into the Wild	publisher	Villard
Johnny Tremain	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Johnny Tremain	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Lord Brocktree	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Martin the Warrior	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Dangerous Journeys	publisher	Game Designers' Workshop
The True Believer	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Binary	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Lords of Chaos	publisher	Feral House
Swordquest	publisher	Atari, Inc.
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
007: Agent Under Fire	publisher	Electronic Arts
Nature Neuroscience	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Voyage from Yesteryear	publisher	Del Rey Books
Voyage from Yesteryear	publisher	Ballantine Books
Mortal Engines	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Commanding Heights	publisher	Free Press
Aliens versus Predator	publisher	Fox Interactive
Eyeless in Gaza	publisher	Chatto & Windus
I quattro libri dell'architettura	publisher	Dominico de' Francheschi
Puyo Pop Fever	publisher	Sega
Payasos en la lavadora	publisher	Planeta Group
Donkey Kong Jungle Beat	publisher	Nintendo
Predator's Gold	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Ascendancy	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Ascendancy	publisher	Broderbund
Ascendancy	publisher	Softgold
How Far Can You Go%3F	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Horton Hatches the Egg	publisher	Random House
Moonseed	publisher	Voyager Books
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo	publisher	Shueisha
The Dagger of Kamui	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Dagger of Kamui	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Origins of Virtue	publisher	Viking
Ogre Battle: The March of the Black Queen	publisher	Super NES Sega Saturn PlayStation Virtual Console
Ogre Battle: The March of the Black Queen	publisher	Square Enix
I Am Spock	publisher	Hyperion Books
Sabbath's Theater	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg	publisher	Sega
Gunsmith Cats	publisher	Kodansha
Evolution Worlds	publisher	Ubisoft
Evolution Worlds	publisher	Entertainment Software Publishing
Dragon Knights	publisher	Shinshokan
Gorkamorka	publisher	Games Workshop
The Humans	publisher	GameTek
Mutant X	publisher	Marvel Comics
People of the Black Mountains	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Night Surf	publisher	Doubleday
Modern Electrics	publisher	Hugo Gernsback
The Mangler	publisher	Doubleday
The Demon Ororon	publisher	Shinshokan
Keio Flying Squadron	publisher	Victor Entertainment
Odd Thomas	publisher	Bantam Books
Dune: House Atreides	publisher	Bantam Spectra
A House-Boat on the Styx	publisher	Harper & Brothers
WarioWare: Touched!	publisher	Nintendo
Rise of Nations: Thrones and Patriots	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Rise of Nations: Thrones and Patriots	publisher	MacSoft Games
Emeka	publisher	Spectrum Books
Ficciones	publisher	Editorial Sur
Ficciones	publisher	Emecé Editores
Need for Speed: Underground	publisher	Electronic Arts
Shamo	publisher	Futabasha
Shamo	publisher	Kodansha
Hannibal Rising	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Stupidest Angel	publisher	William Morrow & Company
The Teeth of the Tiger	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Notes on a Scandal	publisher	Viking
Cycle of the Werewolf	publisher	Land of Enchantment
Official History of Australia in the War of 1914–1918	publisher	Australian War Memorial
Psychological Review	publisher	American Psychological Association
The Kreutzer Sonata	publisher	Bibliographic Office, Berlin
The Age of Intelligent Machines	publisher	MIT Press
Knight Templar	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
News from Nowhere	publisher	NA
The 10%25 Solution for a Healthy Life	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath	publisher	Arkham House
TimeSplitters: Future Perfect	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cloak of Deception	publisher	Del Rey Books
Virtua Racing	publisher	Sega
Climbing Mount Improbable	publisher	Norton
Black House	publisher	Random House
The Source	publisher	Random House
Cloudsplitter	publisher	Harper Flamingo
Sentinel	publisher	Marvel Comics
Monsignor Quixote	publisher	The Bodley Head
Monsignor Quixote	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Ghost Writer	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Goku Midnight Eye	publisher	Gentosha
Politics	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Project Justice	publisher	Capcom
Postal	publisher	Ripcord Games
Postal	publisher	Loki Entertainment
Postal	publisher	Running With Scissors
Golden Axe	publisher	Sega
The Bard's Tale	publisher	Vivendi Games
Sunset Riders	publisher	Konami
Sociobiology: The New Synthesis	publisher	Harvard University Press
Made in America	publisher	Black Swan
Sartor Resartus	publisher	Fraser's Magazine
The Phoenix and the Carpet	publisher	Newnes
Castle Shikigami 2	publisher	Kids Station, Taito, SourceNext, XS Games, Play It Games
The Lurking Horror	publisher	Infocom
Super Express	publisher	Murator S.A., Warsaw
Winter Olympics	publisher	U.S. Gold
Winter Olympics	publisher	Sega
The Basic Eight	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Fake	publisher	Biblos
Fake	publisher	Mediation
Fake	publisher	Asuka Shisha
Children of the Sun	publisher	Misguided Games
Killer7	publisher	Capcom
Autobiography of a Yogi	publisher	Philosophical Library
Rules of Play	publisher	MIT Press
Toontown Online	publisher	The Walt Disney Company
Not This August	publisher	Doubleday
Tak and the Power of Juju	publisher	THQ
Mayhem in Monsterland	publisher	Apex Computer Productions
The Freeman	publisher	Foundation for Economic Education
Nintendogs	publisher	Nintendo
Extase	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Mortville Manor	publisher	Lankhor
Smash TV	publisher	Williams
Tropic of Capricorn	publisher	Obelisk Press
Splatterhouse: Wanpaku Graffiti	publisher	Namco
Mekton	publisher	R. Talsorian Games
OOPSLA	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Grumbles from the Grave	publisher	Del Rey Books
Captain Blood	publisher	Infogrames
Doctor Glas	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Abi Titmuss	publisher	Headline Review
Ultima II: The Revenge of the Enchantress	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Ultima II: The Revenge of the Enchantress	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima III: Exodus	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima IX: Ascension	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ultima VI: The False Prophet	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima VIII: Pagan	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima V: Warriors of Destiny	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima VII: The Black Gate	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima VII: The Black Gate	publisher	FCI / Pony Canyon
Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar	publisher	Pony Canyon
Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar	publisher	FCI
Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar	publisher	Sega
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Apple II
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	California Pacific Computer Company
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Atari 8-bit
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Commodore 64
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	DOS
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	MSX2
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Pony Canyon
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	FM Towns
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Fujitsu
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Apple IIGS
Ultima I: The First Age of Darkness	publisher	Vitesse Inc.
Ultima VII Part Two: Serpent Isle	publisher	Origin Systems
Hitman: Blood Money	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Worms Armageddon	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Worms Armageddon	publisher	MicroProse
Worms Armageddon	publisher	Dreamcast & PlayStation
Worms Armageddon	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Worms Armageddon	publisher	Nintendo 64 & Game Boy Color
Worms Armageddon	publisher	Infogrames
Nexus: The Kingdom of the Winds	publisher	Nexon
Nexus: The Kingdom of the Winds	publisher	Kru Interactive
Freakin' Funky Fuzzballs	publisher	Sir-Tech Software
The General in His Labyrinth	publisher	1989
The General in His Labyrinth	publisher	1990
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Birdsong	publisher	Hutchinson
The Complete Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse	publisher	Bantam Books
Rubies of Eventide	publisher	Mnemosyne, LLC
A Little Princess	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Face on the Milk Carton	publisher	\
True History of the Kelly Gang	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Famitsu	publisher	Enterbrain
Famitsu	publisher	Tokuma
Codename: ICEMAN	publisher	Sierra
Trouble	publisher	Marvel's Epic imprint
White Noise	publisher	Viking Press
Unreal Championship	publisher	Infogrames
Landstalker	publisher	Sega
Outlaws	publisher	LucasArts
The Early Ayn Rand	publisher	New American Library
The Bard's Tale II: The Destiny Knight	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Bard's Tale III: Thief of Fate	publisher	Electronic Arts
Samurai Shodown IV	publisher	SNK
Wave Race 64	publisher	Nintendo
The Man Who Japed	publisher	Ace Books
The Grantville Gazette	publisher	Baen Books
The Spire	publisher	Faber and Faber
EverQuest Online Adventures	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Warchild	publisher	Warner Aspect
Lucky Wander Boy	publisher	Plume
Freedom Fighters	publisher	Electronic Arts
Unreal Championship 2: The Liandri Conflict	publisher	Midway Games
Who's Who	publisher	*
Who's Who	publisher	A & C Black
Who's Who	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Who's Who	publisher	plc\n*
Who's Who	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tear Ring Saga	publisher	Enterbrain
Insaniquarium	publisher	PopCap Games
Five Patients	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Coyote Kings of the Space-Age Bachelor Pad	publisher	Del Ray
The Valley of Fear	publisher	George H. Doran Company
Midnight Nation	publisher	Joe's Comics
Past Mortem	publisher	Bantam Books
Baby Pac-Man	publisher	Midway Games
And Quiet Flows the Don	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Book of Imaginary Beings	publisher	Fce-Breviarios ; Dutton
1080° Snowboarding	publisher	Nintendo
Norwegian Wood	publisher	Kodansha
Air Warrior	publisher	Konami
Air Warrior	publisher	I-Magic
Air Warrior	publisher	EA
Air Warrior	publisher	Interactive Magic
Ready 2 Rumble Boxing	publisher	Midway Games
America	publisher	Warner Books
Whirlwind	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Confidential	publisher	Robert Harrison, Hy Steirman
Primal Rage	publisher	Atari Games
Primal Rage	publisher	Time Warner
Primal Rage	publisher	Atari Games
Anatomy of Criticism	publisher	Princeton University Press
Witzend	publisher	Wally Wood
Witzend	publisher	Wonderful Publishing Company
Star Reach	publisher	Star*Reach
Epic Illustrated	publisher	Marvel Comics
Epic Illustrated	publisher	Epic Comics
Tread Marks	publisher	Longbow Digital Arts
The Magician	publisher	Heinemann
The Magician	publisher	Duffield and Company
RPG Maker 2000	publisher	ASCII Corporation
RPG Maker 2000	publisher	Enterbrain
Walker	publisher	Psygnosis
A Pattern Language	publisher	Oxford University Press
East Village Other	publisher	Walter Bowart
Men of Valor	publisher	Vivendi
Gothic Blimp Works	publisher	East Village Other
Mind's Eye Theatre	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Mind's Eye Theatre	publisher	By Night Studios
Silas Marner	publisher	William Blackwood
American Mathematical Monthly	publisher	Mathematical Association of America
Live A Live	publisher	Square
Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Postal 2	publisher	Whiptail Interactive
Postal 2	publisher	Running With Scissors
Star Trek Online	publisher	Cryptic Studios
Falcon 4.0	publisher	MicroProse
Stunt Car Racer	publisher	MicroProse
Stunt Car Racer	publisher	MicroPlay
Halo 3	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Alias Grace	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Alias Grace	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Automobile	publisher	TEN: The Enthusiast Network
Maelstrom	publisher	Puffin Books
Maelstrom	publisher	Arion Games
Total Guitar	publisher	Future plc
The Hipster Handbook	publisher	Anchor Books
Nexuiz	publisher	Alientrap
Penguin Adventure	publisher	Konami
Penguin Adventure	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
I Am Charlotte Simmons	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Akhenaten: Son of the Sun	publisher	Alison & Busby
Akhenaten: Son of the Sun	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
Vampire: The Masquerade – Redemption	publisher	Activision
Heart of the Alien	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Tenchi Muyo! GXP	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tenchi Muyo! GXP	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Alternity	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Natural	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Rumble Roses	publisher	Konami
Exile	publisher	Superior Software
Exile	publisher	Audiogenic
Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior	publisher	Palace Software , Epyx
Fate	publisher	Evil Hat Productions
Pyramids of Mars	publisher	Target Books
Story Time	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
X-COM	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Blue Lightning	publisher	Atari
Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix	publisher	Activision
A Patchwork Planet	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Amityville Horror	publisher	Prentice Hall
Monopoly Junior	publisher	Parker Brothers
Monopoly Junior	publisher	Waddingtons
Conquests of the Longbow: The Legend of Robin Hood	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Money	publisher	Time Inc.
Populous: The Beginning	publisher	Electronic Arts
Seaman	publisher	Sega
The Fist of God	publisher	Bantam Press
Mario Party 6	publisher	Nintendo
F.E.A.R.	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Ultimate Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Superman's Girl Friend, Lois Lane	publisher	DC Comics
Taltos	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Claw	publisher	Monolith Productions
Claw	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Naked Empire	publisher	Tor Books
Battlezone II: Combat Commander	publisher	Activision
The Pillars of the Earth	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Abuse	publisher	DOS
Abuse	publisher	Mac OS
Abuse	publisher	Bungie
Blood of the Fold	publisher	Tor Books
Super Spy Hunter	publisher	Sunsoft
Temple of the Winds	publisher	Tor Books
Soul of the Fire	publisher	Tor Books
Albion	publisher	Blue Byte Software
The House of the Spirits	publisher	Plaza & Janés, S.A.
The House of the Spirits	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The House of the Spirits	publisher	Bantam Books
XIII	publisher	Ubisoft
XIII	publisher	Feral Interactive
Ashita no Nadja	publisher	Kodansha
Mega Man Legends 2	publisher	Capcom
Mirette on the High Wire	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Baten Kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean	publisher	Namco Bandai
Legal Drug	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Duel Masters	publisher	Shogakukan
The Five People You Meet in Heaven	publisher	Hyperion Books
Space Crusade	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
On Intelligence	publisher	Times Books
Phaic Tăn	publisher	Jetlag Travel
The Kenyon Review	publisher	Kenyon College
Icewind Dale: Heart of Winter	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Icewind Dale II	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Adventures of Lolo	publisher	HAL America
Sakigake!! Otokojuku	publisher	Shueisha
Sakigake!! Otokojuku	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Shantaram	publisher	Scribe Publications
Fuzion	publisher	Fuzion Lab Groups / Hero Games
Roots: The Saga of an American Family	publisher	Doubleday
Miguel Street	publisher	André Deutsch
Loving	publisher	Hogarth Press
Murder Mysteries	publisher	Midnight Graffiti, Dark Horse
Ballance	publisher	Atari
Road Fighter	publisher	Konami Japan
Road Fighter	publisher	Palcom Software Europe
Road Fighter	publisher	Konami
King Rat	publisher	Little, Brown and Company  and Martin Joseph
King Rat	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
Yu-Gi-Oh! R	publisher	Shueisha
New York Journal-American	publisher	Hearst Corporation
To Your Scattered Bodies Go	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Fabulous Riverboat	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Dark Design	publisher	Berkley Books
Gitaroo Man	publisher	Koei
Gitaroo Man	publisher	THQ
Boxing Legends of the Ring	publisher	Electro Brain
Battletoads & Double Dragon	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Scene It%3F	publisher	Screenlife
Scene It%3F	publisher	Mattel
The Winter of Our Discontent	publisher	The Viking Press
Pac-Man World 2	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Pac-Man World 2	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Pac-Man World 2	publisher	Hip Interactive
War Room	publisher	Probe 2000
The Wind from Nowhere	publisher	Berkley Books
Ultra Marines	publisher	Games Workshop
I Am the Doorway	publisher	Doubleday
Olympic Summer Games	publisher	3
Olympic Summer Games	publisher	U.S. Gold
Olympic Summer Games	publisher	Sega Genesis, Game Boy & Super Nintendo Entertainment System
Olympic Summer Games	publisher	Black Pearl
Olympic Summer Games	publisher	PlayStation
Dynamite Headdy	publisher	Sega
MapleStory	publisher	Nexon
MapleStory	publisher	Shanda
MapleStory	publisher	AsiaSoft
MapleStory	publisher	Gamania
MapleStory	publisher	Level Up! Games
Bear Island	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Bear Island	publisher	Doubleday
Weirdo	publisher	Last Gasp
Linguistic Typology	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
The Golden Gate	publisher	Random House
Abramowitz and Stegun	publisher	United States Department of Commerce
Abramowitz and Stegun	publisher	National Bureau of Standards
Anacreon: Reconstruction 4021	publisher	Thinking Machine Associates
The Smithsonian Institution	publisher	Little, Brown
Quiver	publisher	ESD Games
Superman: Last Son of Krypton	publisher	Warner Books
Miracle Monday	publisher	Warner Books
Enchantment	publisher	Del Rey Books
Champions of Norrath	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Uniracers	publisher	Nintendo
Moment	publisher	Nadine Epstein
Roadwork	publisher	Signet Books
Glamorama	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
An African in Greenland	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Last Action Hero	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Last Action Hero	publisher	Psygnosis
The October Country	publisher	Ballantine Books
Pieces of Modesty	publisher	Pan Books
Professional Squash Association	publisher	Alternative Software
Advance Wars: Dual Strike	publisher	Nintendo
Up the Line to Death	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Final Doom	publisher	Id Software
La Galatea	publisher	Juan Gracián
Lady Snowblood	publisher	Shueisha
The Legend of Mir 2	publisher	Digital Bros
The Legend of Mir 2	publisher	Shanda
The Legend of Mir 2	publisher	Gamepot
The Legend of Mir 2	publisher	Softworld
Anandamath	publisher	Oxford University Press, USA
Catan	publisher	Big Huge Games
Pandora	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Michael Jackson's Moonwalker	publisher	U.S. Gold
Michael Jackson's Moonwalker	publisher	Sega
Flight Unlimited	publisher	Looking Glass Technologies
Mario Party Advance	publisher	Nintendo
Legend of Mana	publisher	Square
Kirby Super Star	publisher	Nintendo
Lest Darkness Fall	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Kid Chameleon	publisher	Sega
The Feminine Mystique	publisher	W.W. Norton and Co.
Unico	publisher	Sanrio
The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein	publisher	Tor Books
International Karate +	publisher	System 3
International Karate +	publisher	Epyx
International Karate +	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship Tournament 2004	publisher	Konami
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Rune	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Rune	publisher	Loki Software
Rune	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Ultimate Daredevil and Elektra	publisher	Marvel Comics
An Experiment with Time	publisher	A. & C. Black
An Experiment with Time	publisher	Faber & Faber
9: The Last Resort	publisher	GT Interactive
The Pyramid	publisher	Arcade Publishing
The Pyramid	publisher	Harvill Press
The Golden Master	publisher	Street & Smith
Judas, My Brother	publisher	Dial Press
Second Sight	publisher	Codemasters
Tales of the South Pacific	publisher	Macmillan, New York
Smyth Report	publisher	Princeton University
1080° Avalanche	publisher	Nintendo
Flame of Recca	publisher	Shogakukan
Avoid the Noid	publisher	ShareData
The Urbz: Sims in the City	publisher	Electronic Arts
Blue Seed	publisher	Takeshobo
Star Trek: Klingon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Star Wars: Force Commander	publisher	LucasArts
Imperium Galactica	publisher	GT Interactive
Tuxedo Gin	publisher	Shogakukan
Hatchet	publisher	Kevin Lain
Red River	publisher	Shogakukan
Mario Superstar Baseball	publisher	Nintendo
Hyper Police	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
El filibusterismo	publisher	F. Meyer van Loo Press, Ghent, Belgium
Armor	publisher	DAW Books
The Skylark of Space	publisher	The Buffalo Book Company
Omeros	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Prime Directive	publisher	Amarillo Design Bureau Inc
Prime Directive	publisher	Task Force Games
Spider-Man: Separation Anxiety	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Card	publisher	E. P. Dutton
PanzerBlitz	publisher	Avalon Hill
Werewolf: The Forsaken	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Werewolf: The Forsaken	publisher	Onyx Path Publishing
The Brethren	publisher	Doubleday
Where the Wild Things Are	publisher	Harper & Row
These Old Shades	publisher	Heinemann
The Varieties of Religious Experience	publisher	Longman
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Mai, the Psychic Girl	publisher	Shogakukan
Mai, the Psychic Girl	publisher	Media Factory
SIAM Journal on Computing	publisher	Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Ripley Under Ground	publisher	Heinemann
Ripley Under Ground	publisher	Doubleday
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave	publisher	Anti-Slavery Office
Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl	publisher	Thayer & Eldridge
Sengoku	publisher	SNK
Double Dare	publisher	GameTek
American Government	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Jazz Jackrabbit 2	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Anticipation	publisher	Nintendo
Adventures of Lolo 3	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Iron Sunrise	publisher	Ace Books
Rush to Judgment	publisher	The Bodley Head
Warheads	publisher	Marvel UK
The Terminal Man	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Wolf's Hour	publisher	Grafton Books
The Weapon Shops of Isher	publisher	Greenberg
TrackMania	publisher	Digital Jesters , Focus , Enlight , Buka , Steam
TrackMania	publisher	Digital Jesters , Enlight
TrackMania	publisher	Deep Silver , Buka , Enlight , QV Software
TrackMania	publisher	Valve Corporation
TrackMania	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
TrackMania	publisher	Atlus
TrackMania	publisher	Ubisoft
Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality	publisher	1905
F-19 Stealth Fighter	publisher	MicroProse
Resistance, Rebellion, and Death	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Resistance, Rebellion, and Death	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Vendetta Online	publisher	Strategy First
Vendetta Online	publisher	Guild Software
Adventures of Lolo 2	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Wise Children	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Legend of Mir 3	publisher	WeMade Entertainment, Shanda, Softworld, Eye Entertainment, Optic Communication, Quality Games Online (QGO)
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Rogue Spear	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Brothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30	publisher	Ubisoft
The Pioneers	publisher	Charles Wiley
Wicked	publisher	HarperCollins
Hocus Pocus	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Deadeye Dick	publisher	Delacorte Press
Ultimate War	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ultimate Six	publisher	Marvel Comics
GURPS Technomancer	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Civilization IV	publisher	2
Civilization IV	publisher	Aspyr
Dream Story	publisher	Penguin Books
Harvest Moon 64	publisher	Natsume
Zodiac P.I.	publisher	Kodansha
The Minnesota Review	publisher	Duke University Press
The Devil's Notebook	publisher	Feral House
The Compass Rose	publisher	Pendragon Press
A Short History of Pakistan	publisher	University of Karachi
Ultimate Elektra	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fathers and Sons	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution	publisher	George G. Harrap & Co Ltd, London
Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution	publisher	McKay, New York
If He Hollers Let Him Go	publisher	Doubleday Doran
Killzone	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Demon City Shinjuku	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Demon City Shinjuku	publisher	Akita Shoten
Mosses from an Old Manse	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Snow-Image, and Other Twice-Told Tales	publisher	Ticknor & Fields
Darkside Blues	publisher	Akita Shoten
Game Over	publisher	Imagine Software
Poison Elves	publisher	Mulehide Graphics
Poison Elves	publisher	Sirius Entertainment
Poison Elves	publisher	Ape Entertainment
The Fabric of the Cosmos	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Samurai Deeper Kyo	publisher	Kodansha
Rush'n Attack	publisher	Konami
Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss	publisher	Electronic Arts
Unlocking the Air and Other Stories	publisher	HarperCollins
A Million Open Doors	publisher	Tor Books
Conjunctions	publisher	Bard College
Letters on the English	publisher	Basile
Black & White 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Black & White 2	publisher	Feral Interactive
Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship	publisher	Johann Friedrich Unger
James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Colonel Sun	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Midway Arcade Treasures	publisher	Midway Games
Midway Arcade Treasures	publisher	ZOO Digital Publishing
Midway Arcade Treasures 2	publisher	Midway Games
Aliens versus Predator 2	publisher	Fox Interactive
Aliens versus Predator 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Phantastes	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Snake's Pass	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Snake's Pass	publisher	Sampson, Low, Marston, Searle & Rivingston
The Unknown Shore	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
The Unknown Shore	publisher	W.W. Norton
The Golden Ocean	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
Pocket Kingdom: Own the World	publisher	Nokia
7th Sea	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
A Month in the Country	publisher	Harvester Press
Rich Man, Poor Man	publisher	Delacorte Press
Dinosaur Planet	publisher	Orbit Books
The Way Things Work	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Grendizer	publisher	Kodansha
Grendizer	publisher	Akita Shoten
Grendizer	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Carson of Venus	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
The Night Land	publisher	Eveleigh Nash
The Red Queen's Race	publisher	Street & Smith
Descent II	publisher	Interplay Productions
Descent II	publisher	Mac Play
Solar Winds	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Sonic Rush	publisher	Sega
State of Fear	publisher	HarperCollins
The Mouse That Roared	publisher	Little Brown & Co
Gunship	publisher	MicroProse
Prince of Persia 3D	publisher	The Learning Company
Prince of Persia 3D	publisher	Mattel
Rushing to Paradise	publisher	Flamingo Press
Rebecca	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Power Man and Iron Fist	publisher	Marvel Comics
Zoological Science	publisher	Zoological Society of Japan
Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Zoology	publisher	Elsevier
Yankee	publisher	Yankee Publishing, Inc.
Youth & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Zeitschrift für Angewandte Mathematik und Physik	publisher	Birkhäuser Verlag
Zygon	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Everyone Poops	publisher	Miller
Mirmo!	publisher	Shogakukan
Drawing Down the Moon	publisher	Viking Press
Religion Explained	publisher	Basic Books
Faithful	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Gunstar Heroes	publisher	Sega
To Green Angel Tower	publisher	DAW Books
Conflict: Middle East Political Simulator	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Diamond Smugglers	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Warning Forever	publisher	Indie gaming
Daisy Miller	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Best Christmas Pageant Ever	publisher	Harper & Row
Prime Obsession	publisher	Joseph Henry Press
Idlewild	publisher	Penguin Books
Volkswagen Blues	publisher	Québec-Amérique
Hogg	publisher	Black Ice Books
The ClueFinders Math Adventures	publisher	The Learning Company
Oriental Adventures	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Oriental Adventures	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Sonic Drift	publisher	Sega
Sonic Drift 2	publisher	Sega
Sonic Labyrinth	publisher	Sega
Sula	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Beloved	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
King Leopold's Soliloquy	publisher	Warren Co.
Miyuki-chan in Wonderland	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Princess Maker 2	publisher	Gainax
Ice Blade	publisher	Kodansha
The Sims: Livin' Large	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims: Livin' Large	publisher	Aspyr Media
The Beaver	publisher	Mortons Print
The Peace War	publisher	Bluejay Books
Grenadier	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Girls Bravo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Marooned in Realtime	publisher	Bluejay Books
Marooned in Realtime	publisher	St. Martin's Press
WarioWare: Twisted!	publisher	Nintendo
Killer Instinct 2	publisher	Midway Games
Killer Instinct 2	publisher	Nintendo
Haroun and the Sea of Stories	publisher	Granta
W.I.T.C.H.	publisher	Disney comics
Little Big Adventure 2	publisher	*
Little Big Adventure 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Little Big Adventure 2	publisher	Activision
Little Big Adventure 2	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Public Interest	publisher	National Affairs, Inc.
Licence Renewed	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
For Special Services	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Area 88	publisher	Shogakukan
Harvard International Review	publisher	Harvard International Relations Council
International Organization	publisher	University of Cambridge
International Organization	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Washington Quarterly	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of George Washington University
Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble	publisher	Nintendo
Political Science Quarterly	publisher	Academy of Political Science
Harmonia Sacra	publisher	unknown
Icebreaker	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Role of Honour	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Nobody Lives for Ever	publisher	Jonathan Cape
No Deals, Mr. Bond	publisher	Jonathan Cape
On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation	publisher	John Murray
The Dalek Factor	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Win, Lose or Die	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Brokenclaw	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Pandemonium!	publisher	PlayStation, Sega Saturn & Microsoft Windows
Pandemonium!	publisher	N-Gage
Pandemonium!	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Pandemonium!	publisher	iOS
Pandemonium!	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Man from Barbarossa	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Never Send Flowers	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Death is Forever	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
SeaFire	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Cold	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Facts of Death	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
High Time to Kill	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
DoubleShot	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Never Dream of Dying	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Man with the Red Tattoo	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Facundo	publisher	El Progreso de Chile
Facundo	publisher	Hafner
Facundo	publisher	University of California Press
R.B.I. Baseball	publisher	Namco
R.B.I. Baseball	publisher	Tengen Domark Software
Sonic R	publisher	Sega
The Silencers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Ambushers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Crusade in Jeans	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow	publisher	Rosinante
Entropia Universe	publisher	MindArk
Mort & Phil	publisher	Editorial Bruguera
Mort & Phil	publisher	Ediciones B
The Innocents Abroad	publisher	American Publishing Company
Roughing It	publisher	American Publishing Company
Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Warlord	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Oxford Blood	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Oxford Blood	publisher	W. W. Norton
Ways of Seeing	publisher	Penguin
Ghost Dance	publisher	Ballantine Books
Figures of Earth	publisher	Robert M. McBride
The Chimes	publisher	Chapman & Hall
The Cricket on the Hearth	publisher	Bradbury and Evans
Salt Lake 2002	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Salt Lake 2002	publisher	Ubisoft
Jurassic Park: Operation Genesis	publisher	Universal Interactive
Jurassic Park: Operation Genesis	publisher	Konami
%22A%22 Is for Alibi	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
¡Hola!	publisher	Eduardo Sánchez Junco
Supreme Ruler 2010	publisher	Strategy First
Supreme Ruler 2010	publisher	Akella
Supreme Ruler 2010	publisher	Nicholas Games
Supreme Ruler 2010	publisher	 Lagos
Status Anxiety	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Status Anxiety	publisher	Penguin Books
Club International	publisher	Paul Raymond Publications
Galactic Protector	publisher	Sega
Pokémon Dash	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Michael Strogoff	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Fortunes of War	publisher	Arrow Books
Gravitar	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII	publisher	Square Enix
Sachs and Violens	publisher	Epic Comics
Lagrange Point	publisher	Konami
The Church of Satan	publisher	Hell's Kitchen Productions
Voices	publisher	Random House
Bonjour Tristesse	publisher	Rene Julliard
Bonjour Tristesse	publisher	John Murray
A Prison Diary	publisher	Macmillan
Heat	publisher	Bauer Media Group
Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science	publisher	Association of Scientologists International Limited
Return to Peyton Place	publisher	Julian Messner
Image Fight	publisher	Irem
Eastern Standard Tribe	publisher	Tor Books
Dynasty Warriors DS: Fighter's Battle	publisher	Koei
Dynasty Warriors DS: Fighter's Battle	publisher	THQ
Uta Kata	publisher	MediaWorks
Uta Kata	publisher	Bandai Visual
The Ark in Space	publisher	Target Books
Jurassic Park III: Island Attack	publisher	Konami
The Gold Bug Variations	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Peach Girl	publisher	Kodansha
Peach Girl	publisher	Kodansha
The Darkness Beckons	publisher	Diadem Books
The Wind from the Sun	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
The Other Side of the Sky	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Tales from the White Hart	publisher	Ballantine Books
Timeline	publisher	Fredrick
Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin	publisher	Shueisha
Time in Advance	publisher	Bantam Books
Mission to the Unknown	publisher	Target Books
Danse Macabre	publisher	Everest House
Fade to Black	publisher	Electronic Arts
Discworld	publisher	Doubleday
Practical Demonkeeping	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Flight of the Amazon Queen	publisher	Renegade Software
Minority Report: Everybody Runs	publisher	Activision
Thor: Son of Asgard	publisher	Marvel Comics
Super Monkey Ball 2	publisher	Sega
Jumping Flash!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Return of the Condor Heroes	publisher	Ming Pao
Wipeout 64	publisher	Midway Games
Wipeout Pure	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wipeout 2097	publisher	Psygnosis
Vanguard: Saga of Heroes	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Half-Life: Decay	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Where the Red Fern Grows	publisher	Doubleday
Maximo: Ghosts to Glory	publisher	Capcom
The Sovereign State	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton Ltd.
Closers	publisher	Nexon Sega\n Megaxus
Mechamorphosis	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Flicky	publisher	Sega
The Southpaw	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Bang the Drum Slowly	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tortilla Flat	publisher	Covici-Friede
Mega Man X: Command Mission	publisher	Capcom
Logopolis	publisher	Target Books
Major Bummer	publisher	DC Comics
Yu Yu Hakusho: Dark Tournament	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Tennis	publisher	Nintendo
Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back	publisher	Activision
Crash Bandicoot: Warped	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Crash Bandicoot: Warped	publisher	Activision
Crash Bash	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Crash Team Racing	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Melody of Oblivion	publisher	Kadokawa Comics
Londoners	publisher	Granta Books
Erdor	publisher	La Boite à Polpette
Shenmue II	publisher	Sega
Shenmue II	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Racists	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Need for Speed: Underground 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ghostwritten	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Runaway	publisher	McClelland and Stewart , Alfred A. Knopf , Vintage
Mu Online	publisher	Webzen
The Dark Frontier	publisher	Hodder
The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay	publisher	Vivendi Games
The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay	publisher	Universal Interactive
When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops%3F	publisher	Hyperion
Descendants of Darkness	publisher	Hakusensha
Nicktoons Basketball	publisher	THQ
Nicktoons Basketball	publisher	ValuSoft
Space Rogue	publisher	Origin Systems\nWave Brain
Revelations: Persona	publisher	Atlus
Pathway to Glory	publisher	Nokia
Dizzy – The Ultimate Cartoon Adventure	publisher	Codemasters
Crash Bandicoot: The Huge Adventure	publisher	Universal Interactive
Recipes for Disaster	publisher	CrimethInc.
Endymion	publisher	Longman
Alone in the Dark: The New Nightmare	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Sgt. Frog	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shingen the Ruler	publisher	HOT・B
Circus Charlie	publisher	Konami
Blades of Steel	publisher	Konami
Mary Barton	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Robot	publisher	Target Books
Unity	publisher	Lionhead Studios
Don Doko Don	publisher	Taito Corporation
Alien vs. Predator	publisher	Capcom
The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Wacky Wheels	publisher	Apogee Software
Syndicate	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bagombo Snuff Box	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Nabokov's Congeries	publisher	Viking Press
The Gift	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Ultimate Iron Man	publisher	Vol. 1-2:  Marvel Comics
Mario's Tennis	publisher	Nintendo
Triss	publisher	Viking  & Philomel
Space Opera	publisher	Fantasy Games Unlimited
Clifton	publisher	Lombard Editions
Clifton	publisher	Cinebook
W Juliet	publisher	Hakusensha
Prétear	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Loopz	publisher	Mindscape
Watch Your Mouth	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
The Conscience of a Conservative	publisher	Victor Publishing Co. [name used by Frank E. Simon, manager of the real publisher, viz., Publishers Printing Company, Shepardsville, Ky]
The Real Anita Hill	publisher	Free Press
Blinded by the Right	publisher	Crown
The Republican Noise Machine	publisher	Crown Publishers
The Seduction of Hillary Rodham	publisher	Free Press
On Growth and Form	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Bush's Brain	publisher	John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
What's the Matter with Kansas%3F	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Angelique	publisher	Koei
Angelique	publisher	NEC Home Electronics
Mojo!	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Day of Defeat: Source	publisher	Valve Corporation
Superman: The Wedding Album	publisher	DC Comics
Maximo vs. Army of Zin	publisher	Capcom
Action	publisher	IPC Media
Battle Picture Weekly	publisher	IPC Media
Donkey Kong Land 2	publisher	Nintendo
DDRMAX Dance Dance Revolution 6thMix	publisher	Konami
DDRMAX Dance Dance Revolution 6thMix	publisher	Konami
Quarky & Quaysoo's Turbo Science	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Narc	publisher	Williams Electronics
Donkey Kong Land III	publisher	Nintendo
Sprung	publisher	Ubisoft
R Is for Rocket	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Something Wicked This Way Comes	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dark Carnival	publisher	Arkham House
The Golden Apples of the Sun	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Drakkhen	publisher	Infogrames
The Zoot Suit Murders	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Stupids	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Grabbed by the Ghoulies	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Rescue Rover	publisher	Softdisk
Gladius	publisher	LucasArts, Activision
Legend of Chun Hyang	publisher	Hakusensha
Suki: A Like Story	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Duklyon: Clamp School Defenders	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The One I Love	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Thrust	publisher	Superior Software
Thrust	publisher	Telecomsoft
Century Rain	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Hearts of Iron II	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Crusader: No Remorse	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp	publisher	Digital Leisure
Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp	publisher	EA
The Secret at Shadow Ranch	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Eyes of Heisenberg	publisher	Berkley Books
Freedom City	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
Hollywood Babylon	publisher	Jean-Jacques Pauvert
Hollywood Babylon	publisher	Straight Arrow Press
Hollywood Babylon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Lineage II	publisher	NCSOFT
Lineage II	publisher	Tencent Holdings for China
Lineage II	publisher	Innova Co. S.a.r.l. for Russia, CIS, Georgia and EU
Popcorn	publisher	Simon & Schuster
EyeToy: Play	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
EyeToy: Groove	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
EyeToy: AntiGrav	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Red Alarm	publisher	Nintendo
Doomsday Book	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Labyrinths	publisher	New Directions Publishing
This Sweet Sickness	publisher	Harper & Brothers, US; Heinemann, UK
Famous Monsters of Filmland	publisher	Warren Publishing
The Green Brain	publisher	Ace Books
The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do	publisher	Prelude Press
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Land of the Sky	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Asphalt Urban GT	publisher	Gameloft
Asphalt Urban GT	publisher	Taito
The Sum of All Fears	publisher	Ubisoft
A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Navy Times	publisher	Michael Reinstein
Tork: Prehistoric Punk	publisher	Ubisoft
Chaos: The Battle of Wizards	publisher	Games Workshop
The Long Ships	publisher	Norstedts
God Was Born in Exile	publisher	Fayard
Will Rock	publisher	Ubisoft
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Lockdown	publisher	Ubisoft
Marlfox	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
The Taggerung	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Mattimeo	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Beet the Vandel Buster	publisher	Shueisha
Legendz	publisher	Shueisha
The Curse of Fenric	publisher	Target Books
A Night in the Lonesome October	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Mao II	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Stonekeep	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Banjo-Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge	publisher	THQ
Banjo-Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge	publisher	InFusio
Conker: Live & Reloaded	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Green Hills of Africa	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Mr. Do!	publisher	Universal
The Border Mail	publisher	Fairfax Media
That Yellow Bastard	publisher	Legend
The Big Fat Kill	publisher	Legend
Call of Cthulhu: The Card Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
The Longest Day	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ	publisher	Harper & Brothers
In the Red	publisher	Hutchinson
SWAT 3: Close Quarters Battle	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Red Baron II	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Shadow Star	publisher	Kodansha
All American Girl	publisher	HarperCollins
Everville	publisher	HarperCollins
The Great and Secret Show	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Thief of Always	publisher	HarperCollins
Weaveworld	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Weaveworld	publisher	Poseidon Press
Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Flight Unlimited II	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Fafner in the Azure	publisher	MediaWorks
Fafner in the Azure	publisher	Kodansha
Babylon 5 Wars	publisher	Agents of Gaming
Apocalypse Zero	publisher	Akita Shoten
Tetsujin 28-go	publisher	Kobunsha
Tetsujin 28-go	publisher	Shueisha
Philosophie Zoologique	publisher	Museum d'Histoire Naturelle
Author, Author	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Author, Author	publisher	Viking Press
Ape Escape 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Peepshow	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Underwurlde	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
Klonoa 2: Lunatea's Veil	publisher	Namco
Máj	publisher	self-published
The Saint in New York	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Revenge of Shinobi	publisher	Sega
Education Policy Analysis Archives	publisher	Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College
Ratchet & Clank	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Shinobi III: Return of the Ninja Master	publisher	Sega
Zero Tolerance	publisher	Accolade
Spyro the Dragon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Domo-kun no Fushigi Terebi	publisher	Nintendo
Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow	publisher	Konami
Sly 2: Band of Thieves	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress	publisher	Anchor Books
Ladder	publisher	Kaypro
The Willing Flesh	publisher	Corgi Giant
The Red and the Green	publisher	Chatto & Windus
X-Men Legends	publisher	Activision
The Pearls of Lutra	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Back When We Were Grownups	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sid Meier's Covert Action	publisher	MicroProse
It's Mr. Pants	publisher	THQ
It's Mr. Pants	publisher	In-Fusio
The Vampyre	publisher	The New Monthly Magazine and Universal Register;  London: H. Colburn, 1814–1820. Vol. 1, No. 63.
Das falsche Buch	publisher	Hanser
Unofficial Football World Championships	publisher	Superelastic
Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing	publisher	GameMill Publishing
We Love Katamari	publisher	Namco
Boy in Darkness	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Boy in Darkness	publisher	Wheaton, Exeter
Wizard's Crown	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Emlyn Hughes International Soccer	publisher	Audiogenic
Brimstone	publisher	Warner Books
Affirmative Action Around the World	publisher	Yale University Press
Notes from My Travels	publisher	Pocket Books
Ellen Foster	publisher	Vintage Press
Gilgamesh	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Turbo Outrun	publisher	Sega
Torrents of Spring	publisher	First published in Herald of Europe
Super Mario 128	publisher	Nintendo
Právo	publisher	Borgis
Gormenghast	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Titus Alone	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
300	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Folding Star	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Swimming Pool Library	publisher	Chatto & Windus
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Lesbian Connection	publisher	Elsie Publishing Institute
Tom Sawyer, Detective	publisher	Harper Brothers
Ghost Light	publisher	Target Books
War of the Monsters	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Godzilla: Save the Earth	publisher	Atari
Godzilla: Save the Earth	publisher	DreamWorks Classics
Godzilla: Save the Earth	publisher	Toho
Godzilla: Destroy All Monsters Melee	publisher	Infogrames
Occult Chemistry	publisher	Theosophical Publishing House Adyar
Vexx	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Silver Nemesis	publisher	Target Books
The Green Years	publisher	Gollancz United Kingdom
The Green Years	publisher	Little, Brown United States
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Big Sky	publisher	William Sloane Associates
The Cambridge History of English and American Literature	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Reivers	publisher	Random House
GURPS Prime Directive	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Way We Live Now	publisher	Chapman and Hall
The Box of Delights	publisher	Heinemann
The Realm Online	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Rocky's Boots	publisher	The Learning Company
Backwards	publisher	Viking Books
The Enigma of Arrival	publisher	Viking Press
Fantasmagoriana	publisher	F. Schoell
Phantasy Star III: Generations of Doom	publisher	Sega
James Bond and Moonraker	publisher	Jonathan Cape
James Bond and Moonraker	publisher	Panther Books
James Bond, The Spy Who Loved Me	publisher	Jonathan Cape
James Bond, The Spy Who Loved Me	publisher	Panther Books
The Tenth Planet	publisher	Target Books
The Dead Past	publisher	Street & Smith
Marooned off Vesta	publisher	Ziff-Davis
Anniversary	publisher	Ziff-Davis
Mirror Image	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Orange Crush	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Sims Bustin' Out	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell	publisher	Penguin Group
Ace Combat 5: The Unsung War	publisher	Namco
Duzhe	publisher	Gansu People's Press
Saint Overboard	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Maelstrom	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Syberia	publisher	Microïds
The Secret of Red Gate Farm	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Chex Quest	publisher	Digital Café
Chuck Yeager's Air Combat	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cel Damage	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cel Damage	publisher	Play It!
Cel Damage	publisher	Finish Line Games
The Short Victorious War	publisher	Baen Books
Flag in Exile	publisher	Baen Books
On Basilisk Station	publisher	Baen Books
Honor Among Enemies	publisher	Baen Books
Redneck Rampage	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Redneck Rampage	publisher	Logicware
Dr. Mario 64	publisher	Nintendo
The Honor of the Queen	publisher	Baen Books
Eberron Campaign Setting	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Sinistar	publisher	Williams Electronics
Life in the Iron Mills	publisher	The Atlantic Monthly
Cat's Eye	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō	publisher	Kodansha
Leo Africanus	publisher	New Amsterdam Books
Alien Legion	publisher	Epic Comics
I Married a Communist	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Volcano Lover	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
I Sing the Body Electric	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
In Enemy Hands	publisher	Baen Books
Star Trek: Titan	publisher	Pocket Books
Masquerade	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ratner's Star	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Blankets	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Dance Dance Revolution Mario Mix	publisher	Nintendo
Uncharted Waters	publisher	Koei
Uncharted Waters	publisher	Koei
Uncharted Waters	publisher	Sourcenext Corporation
Uncharted Waters	publisher	Koei Tecmo Games
Fugitives and Refugees	publisher	Crown
Great Mazinger	publisher	Kodansha
War of Honor	publisher	Baen Books
The Cabinet of Curiosities	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed	publisher	Viking Press
Strike Commander	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Early Asimov	publisher	Doubleday
Aquarium	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Amsterdam	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today	publisher	American Publishing Company
Jason's Gem	publisher	Mastertronic
Science Horizons Survival	publisher	Macmillan Software Ltd and Sinclair Research
Whomp 'Em	publisher	Jaleco
The Legend of the Condor Heroes	publisher	Hong Kong Commercial Daily
The Aleph	publisher	Editorial Losada, Buenos Aires
The Bulgari Connection	publisher	Flamingo Press
The Templar Revelation	publisher	Transworld Publishers Ltd
The Templar Revelation	publisher	Touchstone Books
The Clue in the Diary	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Fool's Errand	publisher	Voyager/Harpercollins
The Art of Discworld	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Golden Fool	publisher	Voyager/Harpercollins
Letters from the Earth	publisher	Harper & Row
Berliner Zeitung	publisher	Berliner Verlag
Shaman's Crossing	publisher	Voyager Books
Shaman's Crossing	publisher	Eos
Lives of Girls and Women	publisher	McGraw-Hill Ryerson
Who Do You Think You Are%3F	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
The Naked Face	publisher	William Morrow
A Kingdom of Dreams	publisher	Pocket Books
Terra Nova: Strike Force Centauri	publisher	Looking Glass Technologies
The Stone Diaries	publisher	Random House of Canada
Ship of Magic	publisher	Voyager Books
Elective Affinities	publisher	J. G. Cottaische Buchhandlung, Berlin
Popotan	publisher	Kodansha
Fool's Fate	publisher	Voyager/Harpercollins
Carmageddon TDR 2000	publisher	Square Enix Europe
Carmageddon TDR 2000	publisher	Xicat Interactive
Microsoft Space Simulator	publisher	Microsoft
Hagane: The Final Conflict	publisher	Red Entertainment
Hagane: The Final Conflict	publisher	Hudson Soft
Myst V: End of Ages	publisher	Ubisoft
Salamandastron	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
To Say Nothing of the Dog	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Maledicta	publisher	Reinhold Aman
The Bean Trees	publisher	Harper & Row
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Beeld	publisher	Media24
The Citizen	publisher	Caxton
Hang-On	publisher	Sega
The Shadow of Saganami	publisher	Baen Books
Journal of Strategic Studies	publisher	Routledge
Piece of Cake	publisher	Pan Books
Spellcraft: Aspects of Valor	publisher	Brøderbund
Steel Jeeg	publisher	Kodansha
The Uncomfortable Dead	publisher	La Jornada &
Flanimals	publisher	Faber and Faber
Trans-Atlantyk	publisher	Paris: Instytut literacki
Trans-Atlantyk	publisher	Yale University Press
Borstal Boy	publisher	Hutchinson
Tideland	publisher	Dufour Editions
SimHealth	publisher	Maxis
Minotaur: The Labyrinths of Crete	publisher	Bungie Software
Burning Rangers	publisher	Sega
Forced	publisher	BetaDwarf
Star Fox: Assault	publisher	Nintendo
Identity Crisis	publisher	DC Comics
The Mediterranean Caper	publisher	Pyramid Books
Akazukin Chacha	publisher	Shueisha
Raft	publisher	HarperCollins
Timelike Infinity	publisher	HarperCollins
Learning to Sing	publisher	Random House
Learning to Sing	publisher	New York City, NY
Sisterhood is Powerful	publisher	Random House
The Wallflower	publisher	Kodansha
The Genesis Flood	publisher	Presbyterian & Reformed Publishing
Mythlore	publisher	Mythopoeic Society
Blue Submarine No. 6	publisher	Shogakukan
The Kite Runner	publisher	Riverhead Books
Thief: The Dark Project	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Rage of Angels	publisher	William Morrow
The Sands of Time	publisher	William Morrow
Hellboy: Dogs of the Night	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Hellboy: Dogs of the Night	publisher	Dreamcatcher Interactive
The Matarese Circle	publisher	Richard Marek
Metahistory	publisher	Johns Hopkins University
Sabre Wulf	publisher	THQ
Mr. Do's Castle	publisher	Universal
Blink	publisher	Back Bay Books
Blink	publisher	Little, Brown
Pharaoh	publisher	Tygodnik Ilustrowany ;
Pharaoh	publisher	Gebethner i Wolff
Turok 2: Seeds of Evil	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Monster Hunter	publisher	Capcom
Concluding	publisher	Hogarth Press
SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom	publisher	THQ
Attack Retrieve Capture	publisher	Hoopy Entertainment
Attack Retrieve Capture	publisher	Total Entertainment Network
Attack Retrieve Capture	publisher	World Opponent Network
Attack Retrieve Capture	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Attack Retrieve Capture	publisher	Spark
Attack Retrieve Capture	publisher	Armor Critical
Camouflage	publisher	Ace Books
Fantastic	publisher	Ziff Davis
Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds	publisher	GT Interactive
Mister X	publisher	Vortex Comics
DearS	publisher	MediaWorks
Ultima Online: Samurai Empire	publisher	Electronic Arts
Exit to Eden	publisher	Arbor House
Eerie	publisher	Warren Publishing
The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
My Ántonia	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Mr. Driller Drill Spirits	publisher	Namco
Mr. Driller Drill Spirits	publisher	Nintendo Australia
Act of War: Direct Action	publisher	Atari, Inc.
The Jewel of Seven Stars	publisher	Heinemann
The Road to Gandolfo	publisher	Dial Press
The Best of John Wyndham	publisher	Sphere Books
Muppet Adventure: Chaos at the Carnival	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Sonic Shuffle	publisher	Sega
Somebody Somewhere	publisher	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
The First Man in Rome	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The First Man in Rome	publisher	Century
Surprised by Joy	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Surprised by Joy	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Simulacron-3	publisher	Bantam Books
Minnesota Daily	publisher	leadership
Rakkety Tam	publisher	Viking  & Philomel
Daughters of the Moon	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Dragon Quest VIII	publisher	Square Enix
Memories of Ice	publisher	Bantam Books
Memories of Ice	publisher	Tor Books
Deadhouse Gates	publisher	Bantam Books
Deadhouse Gates	publisher	Tor Books
House of Chains	publisher	Bantam Books
House of Chains	publisher	Tor Books
The Bonehunters	publisher	Bantam Books
The Bonehunters	publisher	Tor Books
The Darkness That Comes Before	publisher	The Overlook Press
The Darkness That Comes Before	publisher	& Orbit
The Warrior Prophet	publisher	Overlook Press
The Poison Belt	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
All the Myriad Ways	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Return of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	George Newnes
Pariah	publisher	Groove Games
TechnoMotion	publisher	F2 System
Polaris	publisher	Taito
Castles & Crusades	publisher	Troll Lord Games
Bodily Harm	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Lady Oracle	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Life Before Man	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
HeroQuest	publisher	Moon Design Publications
HeroQuest	publisher	Issaries, Inc.
International Journal of Medical Sciences	publisher	Ivyspring International Publisher
Spelunx	publisher	Brøderbund
International Journal of Biological Sciences	publisher	Ivyspring International Publisher
The Cult of Mac	publisher	No Starch Press
The Good Shepherd	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Good Shepherd	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Vandal Hearts	publisher	Konami
By Way of Deception	publisher	St. Martin's Press
One for the Morning Glory	publisher	Tor Books
Stations of the Tide	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Polysyllabic Spree	publisher	McSweeney's
Death to the French	publisher	The Bodley Head
Dragonlance Adventures	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Greyhawk Adventures	publisher	TSR
Polarium	publisher	Nintendo
L'Empereur	publisher	Koei
Tom Sawyer Abroad	publisher	Charles L. Webster & Co.
War for the Oaks	publisher	Ace Books
The Garden of Eden	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Veja	publisher	Editora Abril
Mathematische Annalen	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Outcast	publisher	Infogrames
Fuzzical Fighter	publisher	Sigma Entertainment
Marabou Stork Nightmares	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Marabou Stork Nightmares	publisher	W. W. Norton
Parodius	publisher	Shinseisha
Syberia II	publisher	Microïds
Autoduel	publisher	Origin Systems
Ticket to Ride	publisher	Days of Wonder
Robotech: Battlecry	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Robotech: Invasion	publisher	Global Star Software
Darwinia	publisher	Tor Books
Tsubasa: Those with Wings	publisher	Hakusensha
Sonic the Hedgehog Pocket Adventure	publisher	Sega
Atlantis: The Antediluvian World	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Zelda's Adventure	publisher	Philips
Ex Machina	publisher	Guardians of Order
Blood and Chocolate	publisher	Random House Inc.
God Mazinger	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
God Mazinger	publisher	Shogakukan
Whisky Galore	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Formula D	publisher	Ludodélire
Formula D	publisher	Eurogames
Formula D	publisher	Asmodée Éditions
Planet of the Spiders	publisher	Target Books
Spirou et Fantasio	publisher	Spirou magazine
Spirou et Fantasio	publisher	Moustique
Spirou et Fantasio	publisher	Dupuis
Spirou et Fantasio	publisher	Cinebook Ltd
The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner	publisher	W. H. Allen Ltd
The Bourne Legacy	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Journey to the East	publisher	Samuel Fischer
Crossbow	publisher	Exidy
Crossbow	publisher	Atari
Crossbow	publisher	Mean Hamster Software
Gunbuster	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Crime Cities	publisher	EON Digital Entertainment
Squad Leader	publisher	Avalon Hill
Narcissus and Goldmund	publisher	Fischer Verlag
Hotdog	publisher	Remnant Media
Commonwealth Law Reports	publisher	Lawbook Co., a division of Thomson Reuters
Earth-Two	publisher	DC Comics
The Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle	publisher	Kemco
The Winds of War	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Herdy Gerdy	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Jak II	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Fantastic Voyage: Live Long Enough to Live Forever	publisher	Rodale Inc
Ekstra Bladet	publisher	Politikens Hus
Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World	publisher	Kodansha
Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World	publisher	Shinchosha
Lode Runner: The Legend Returns	publisher	Sierra Online
Duke Nukem	publisher	Apogee Software
Duke Nukem: Manhattan Project	publisher	Apogee Software \nMicrosoft Game Studios \nInterceptor Entertainment
Duke Nukem: Manhattan Project	publisher	Steam
Maia	publisher	Viking Press
Memories of My Melancholy Whores	publisher	Editorial Norma
Memories of My Melancholy Whores	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Paris Match	publisher	Hachette Filipacchi Médias
Trucks	publisher	Doubleday
Eyeshield 21	publisher	Shueisha
Streats	publisher	Singapore Press Holdings
Castlevania: Curse of Darkness	publisher	Konami
District X	publisher	Marvel Comics
Absolute Power	publisher	Warner Books
The Original of Laura	publisher	Penguin Classics
The Original of Laura	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening	publisher	Capcom
Jak 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Caravans	publisher	Random House
Mother 3	publisher	Nintendo
Mighty Bomb Jack	publisher	Tecmo
Shatterglass	publisher	Scholastic Press
Zone of the Enders: The 2nd Runner	publisher	Konami
Days of Magic, Nights of War	publisher	Harper-Collins
25 to Life	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Stunt Race FX	publisher	Nintendo
Legend of the Five Rings	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Reflections on the Revolution in France	publisher	James Dodsley, Pall Mall, London
Kidnapped	publisher	Cassell and Company Ltd
Eden: It's an Endless World!	publisher	Kodansha
The Age of Reason	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Age of Reason	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Age of Reason	publisher	Vintage
Dune 2000	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Dune 2000	publisher	Electronic Arts
Zombies!!!	publisher	Journeyman Press
Zombies!!!	publisher	
Judge Dredd Megazine	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Chinese New Version	publisher	Worldwide Bible Society
Journal of Scientific Exploration	publisher	Society for Scientific Exploration
Skull Man	publisher	Kodansha
Skull Man	publisher	Media Factory
Frontier: Elite II	publisher	Gametek, Konami
Across the Wall: A Tale of the Abhorsen and Other Stories	publisher	EOS ; Allen & Unwin ; HarperCollins
Ichigeki Sacchu!! HoiHoi-san	publisher	MediaWorks
Arthur: The Quest for Excalibur	publisher	Infocom
Over the Edge	publisher	Atlas Games
The 12.30 from Croydon	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
San Juan	publisher	Alea
San Juan	publisher	Rio Grande Games
James Bond 007: From Russia with Love	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rush 2: Extreme Racing USA	publisher	Midway Games
San Francisco Rush 2049	publisher	Midway Games
Slipstream 5000	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Against the Fall of Night	publisher	Gnome Press
GURPS Witch World	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Metropolis Street Racer	publisher	Sega
Dance Dance Revolution 2ndMix	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
The Colour of Magic	publisher	Piranha Games
Kangaroo	publisher	Sun Electronics, Atari
Bang!	publisher	Da Vinci Games
Bang!	publisher	Mayfair Games
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Stormlord	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Stormlord	publisher	21
Jazz	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Lew Archer	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
Phalanx	publisher	Kemco
Big X	publisher	Shueisha
Jitterbug Perfume	publisher	Bantam Books
Fargo Rock City	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Kingdoms	publisher	Fantasy Flight
Nobilis	publisher	Pharos Press
Nobilis	publisher	Hogshead Publishing
Nobilis	publisher	Eos Press
Cosmic Coasters	publisher	Looney Labs
Animaniacs	publisher	Konami
Desert Solitaire	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Tech ARP	publisher	Prentice Hall PTR
The Unholy War	publisher	Crystal Dynamics
Classic BattleTech	publisher	FASA
Classic BattleTech	publisher	FanPro LLC
Classic BattleTech	publisher	Catalyst Game Labs
Death Wish	publisher	David McKay Publications
Beck	publisher	Kodansha
Peter Camenzind	publisher	Samuel Fischer
Cosmic Osmo and the Worlds Beyond the Mackerel	publisher	Cyan Worlds
Breath of Fire III	publisher	Capcom, Tommo Inc.
7th Sea	publisher	John Wick Presents
7th Sea	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Candy Candy	publisher	Kodansha
Candy Candy	publisher	Chuokoronsha
Sid Meier's Gettysburg!	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dragonstomper	publisher	Starpath
Wordtris	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
Battle City	publisher	Namco
Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver	publisher	Eidos Interactive
An Phoblacht	publisher	Parnell Publications
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears	publisher	Dial Books
The Diary of a Young Girl	publisher	Contact Publishing
Traffic Giant	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Traffic Giant	publisher	Macmillan Software
Messenger	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Gathering Blue	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
I-Ninja	publisher	Namco
I-Ninja	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
I-Ninja	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Gran Turismo 4	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
OverPower	publisher	Fleer
Spelunker	publisher	MicroGraphicImage, Brøderbund
The Lord of the Rings Online	publisher	Turbine, Inc.
The Lord of the Rings Online	publisher	Midway Games
The Lord of the Rings Online	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Body Politic	publisher	Pink Triangle Press
Time Stranger Kyoko	publisher	Shueisha
Castlevania	publisher	Konami
Castlevania: Legacy of Darkness	publisher	Konami
Castlevania Legends	publisher	Konami
Castlevania: The Adventure	publisher	Konami
Stargate SG-1	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Trollie Wallie	publisher	Interceptor Micros
The Songlines	publisher	Franklin Press
In Watermelon Sugar	publisher	Four Seasons Foundation
The Kraken Wakes	publisher	Michael Joseph
Ultima Online: Third Dawn	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ultima Online: Lord Blackthorn's Revenge	publisher	Electronic Arts
Super Castlevania IV	publisher	Konami
New Vision	publisher	New Vision Group
Pictures from an Institution	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Listerdale Mystery	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Aristoi	publisher	Tor Books
Tribes Aerial Assault	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Prometheus Deception	publisher	St. Martin's Press
History of the World	publisher	Ragnar Brothers
History of the World	publisher	Compendium Games
History of the World	publisher	Welt der Spiele
History of the World	publisher	Gibsons Games
History of the World	publisher	Avalon Hill
History of the World	publisher	Hasbro
Loamhedge	publisher	Viking  & Philomel
The Castle of Iron	publisher	Gnome Press
Wall of Serpents	publisher	Avalon Books
Sky Galleons of Mars	publisher	Game Designers' Workshop
The Day of Forever	publisher	Panther
Journal of Historical Review	publisher	Institute for Historical Review
Vermilion Sands	publisher	Berkley Books
Passport to Eternity	publisher	Berkley Books
Myths of the Near Future	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Castlevania II: Belmont's Revenge	publisher	Konami
Haunted Castle	publisher	Konami
Castlevania: Bloodlines	publisher	Konami
Anne of Avonlea	publisher	L. C. Page & Co.
Anne of Ingleside	publisher	George G. Harrap & Co Ltd
Anne's House of Dreams	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Leave It to Psmith	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Leave It to Psmith	publisher	George H. Doran
Anne of the Island	publisher	L. C. Page & Co.
Anne of Windy Poplars	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Klingon Dictionary	publisher	Pocket Books
Garo	publisher	Katsuichi Nagai
Hellboy: Conqueror Worm	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Biblical Archaeology Review	publisher	Biblical Archaeology Society
World in Flames	publisher	Australian Design Group
World in Flames	publisher	Matrix Games
We Were Soldiers Once… And Young	publisher	Random House
The Napoleon of Notting Hill	publisher	Bodley Head
Chainfire	publisher	Tor Books
Sons of the Dark	publisher	Disney Hyperion
The Butter Battle Book	publisher	Random House
Star Light, Star Bright	publisher	Berkley / G. P. Putnam
Accidental Empires	publisher	Addison-Wesley Publishing Company, Inc.
Conan: Hall of Volta	publisher	Datasoft
Citadel	publisher	Superior Software
Storm	publisher	Big Balloon
Storm	publisher	Uitgeverij Oberon
Storm	publisher	Egmont Ehapa Verlag
Storm	publisher	Norbert Hethke Verlag
Storm	publisher	British European Associated Publishers LTD.
Storm	publisher	Glénat
Storm	publisher	Interpresse
Storm	publisher	Star Comics
Storm	publisher	Esperos Comics
Storm	publisher	Incal
Storm	publisher	Apu-Magazines
Storm	publisher	P.T. Gramedia
Storm	publisher	Forum Marketprint
Storm	publisher	Amigos Do Livro Editores LDA.
Storm	publisher	Norma
Storm	publisher	Sarpe
Storm	publisher	Tercuman Tesisler
Uridium	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Race and Economics	publisher	David McKay Company
You Can't Win	publisher	Macmillan
Castlevania Chronicles	publisher	Konami
The Denver Post	publisher	Mac Tully
Warzone 2100	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Nova	publisher	Doubleday
Monumenta Nipponica	publisher	Sophia University
Gridlinked	publisher	Pan Books
How to Win Friends and Influence People	publisher	Simon and Schuster
The Amber Room	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Amber Room	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The World at the End of Time	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Stones Are Hatching	publisher	Oxford University Press
Devil's Cub	publisher	Heinemann
Are You Dave Gorman%3F	publisher	Ebury Press
Another Code: Two Memories	publisher	Nintendo
Secrets in the Fire	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Chimes of Freedom: The Politics of Bob Dylan's Art	publisher	New Press
The Burning World	publisher	Berkley Books
Virtua Cop: Elite Edition	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Virtua Cop 2	publisher	Sega
A Game of Hide and Seek	publisher	Peter Llewelyn Davies
A Game of Hide and Seek	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Odyssey: The Compleat Apventure	publisher	Synergistic Software
Turrican	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Turrican	publisher	Accolade
Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction	publisher	Michael Joseph
Interstellar Pig	publisher	Bantam Books
Age of Empires III	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Age of Empires III	publisher	Macsoft & Destineer
Age of Empires III	publisher	Glu Mobile
Pat the Bunny	publisher	Golden Books
La Légende des siècles	publisher	Lévy, Hetzel
Bug-Jargal	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Toilers of the Sea	publisher	Verboeckhoven et Cie
The Last Day of a Condemned Man	publisher	Gosselin
Scud: The Disposable Assassin	publisher	Fireman Press
Scud: The Disposable Assassin	publisher	Image Comics
Along Came a Spider	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Boys' Life	publisher	Boy Scouts of America
Yakitate!! Japan	publisher	Shogakukan
The Discworld Mapp	publisher	Corgi Books
Les Enfants Terribles	publisher	New Directions
The Alienist	publisher	Random House
The Dominators	publisher	Target Books
Pita-Ten	publisher	MediaWorks
Atmosfear	publisher	J. W. Spear & Sons
Atmosfear	publisher	Mattel
Atmosfear	publisher	Yoram Gross
Akropolis	publisher	Vlasis Gavriilidis
Giovanni's Room	publisher	Dial Press
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit	publisher	Pandora Press
Amazing Island	publisher	Sega
The Primal Urge	publisher	Ballantine Books
Memoirs of a Spacewoman	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Ten Men	publisher	Atlantic Books
Virtua Tennis 2	publisher	Sega
Obliterator	publisher	Psygnosis
Star Wars: Empire at War	publisher	LucasArts
Yoshi Touch & Go	publisher	Nintendo
Ping Pals	publisher	THQ
Suikoden II	publisher	Konami
Venus on the Half-Shell	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Secret of the Caves	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Man of Two Worlds	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
MLB Showdown	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Tower of Glass	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Callahan's Lady	publisher	Ace Books
Strangers	publisher	Berkley Books
Commitment Hour	publisher	Eos
The Real Lincoln	publisher	Prima Publishing
Practical Anarchy	publisher	Alternative Media Project
Batman	publisher	DC Comics
Coyote Blue	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Rayman	publisher	Ubi Soft
Atlantis	publisher	*
Atlantis	publisher	Bard Games
Atlantis	publisher	Death's Edge Games
Atlantis	publisher	ZiLa Games
Atlantis	publisher	Khepera Publishing
Rayman M	publisher	Ubi Soft
Rayman M	publisher	Ubisoft
Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc	publisher	Ubisoft
Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc	publisher	Gameloft
Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc	publisher	Feral Interactive
Getter Robo	publisher	Shogakukan
Angel Densetsu	publisher	Shueisha
Monster Bash	publisher	Apogee Software
Beggars Ride	publisher	Tor Books
Intelligent Design	publisher	InterVarsity Press
Age of Iron	publisher	Secker and Warburg
The Broker	publisher	Doubleday
Heroes of Might and Magic III	publisher	The 3DO Company
Heroes of Might and Magic III	publisher	Loki Software
HardBall!	publisher	Accolade
Playboy	publisher	Editora Abril
Playboy	publisher	PBB Entertainment
Star Wars: Bounty Hunter	publisher	LucasArts
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Lieutenant Hornblower	publisher	Penguin Group
Mr. Midshipman Hornblower	publisher	Penguin Group
Hornblower and the Hotspur	publisher	Michael Joseph
Twinkle Star Sprites	publisher	SNK Playmore
Across the River and into the Trees	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch	publisher	Kodansha
The Pigman	publisher	Harper Trophy
Star Smashers of the Galaxy Rangers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
King Arthur's World	publisher	Jaleco
Snake Rattle 'n' Roll	publisher	Nintendo
Snake Rattle 'n' Roll	publisher	Sega
Now and on Earth	publisher	Modern Age
Breath of Fire IV	publisher	Capcom
Lemmings 2: The Tribes	publisher	Psygnosis
Junkie	publisher	Ace Books
Inkheart	publisher	Germany Cecilie Dressler
Inkheart	publisher	UK Chicken House
Inkheart	publisher	United States Scholastic
BioShock	publisher	2
BioShock	publisher	Feral Interactive
Anmitsu Hime	publisher	Kobunsha
Anmitsu Hime	publisher	Kodansha
Nonzero: The Logic of Human Destiny	publisher	Pantheon Books
Death Is a Lonely Business	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Piece by Piece	publisher	Broadway
Journal of the British Interplanetary Society	publisher	British Interplanetary Society
Ronin Warriors	publisher	Kodansha
The Discworld Companion	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Racso and the Rats of NIMH	publisher	Harper & Row
Lumines	publisher	WildTangent
Lumines	publisher	Q Entertainment
WWE Day of Reckoning	publisher	THQ
Blackeyes	publisher	Vintage Press, 1st Ed.
God and Man at Yale	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Street Racer	publisher	Ubisoft
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets	publisher	Electronic Arts
Sonar Kella	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Because of Winn-Dixie	publisher	Candlewick Press
Queen Zixi of Ix	publisher	St. Nicholas
Queen Zixi of Ix	publisher	The Century Company
The Princess and the Goblin	publisher	Strahan & Co
Ultima: Escape from Mt. Drash	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Sand Child	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Multiplayer BattleTech: Solaris	publisher	AOL
Multiplayer BattleTech: Solaris	publisher	GameStorm
Superfolks	publisher	Dial Press
The Counterfeit Man	publisher	David McKay Publications
A Hole in Space	publisher	Ballantine Books
Blood Meridian	publisher	Random House
All the Pretty Horses	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bump 'n' Jump	publisher	Bally Midway
Bump 'n' Jump	publisher	Vic Tokai
The Orchard Keeper	publisher	Random House
The Titan	publisher	John Lane
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	publisher	Experimenter Publishing Company, Inc., New York, 1919
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	publisher	Školska Knjiga, Zagreb, 1977
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	publisher	Hart Brothers, Williston, Vermont, 1982
Child of God	publisher	Random House
Cities of the Plain	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Crossing	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Suttree	publisher	Random House
Ironsword: Wizards & Warriors II	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Wizards & Warriors III: Kuros: Visions of Power	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Ravelstein	publisher	Viking Press
Parthiban Kanavu	publisher	MacMillan India
Villa Paletti	publisher	Zoch Verlag
Star Drive	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Garden of the Finzi-Continis	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
The Garden of the Finzi-Continis	publisher	Atheneum Books
Superman: Legend of the Green Flame	publisher	DC Comics
Quick & Flupke	publisher	Casterman
The Summer Tree	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
All New World of Lemmings	publisher	Psygnosis
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger	publisher	Electronic Arts  Krome Studios
COM	publisher	Osamu Tezuka
Starscape	publisher	Moonpod
International Karate	publisher	System 3 , Epyx
Trouble with Lichen	publisher	Michael Joseph
Kitchen Confidential	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Outward Urge	publisher	Michael Joseph
Unknown Armies	publisher	Atlas Games
Absolute Beginners	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Heaven and Hell	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Heaven and Hell	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Cup of Gold	publisher	McBride & Co.
Q-Squared	publisher	Pocket Books
Ork	publisher	Psygnosis
Sega Classics Arcade Collection	publisher	Sega
Cowa!	publisher	Shueisha
Enigma	publisher	Vertigo
It Came from the Desert	publisher	Cinemaware
Softporn Adventure	publisher	On-Line Systems
Aliens: Colonial Marines	publisher	Sega
A Tale in the Desert	publisher	Pluribus Games
Eiger Dreams	publisher	Lyons Press
Naomi	publisher	Shinchosha
Naomi	publisher	Knopf
K240	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Metal Marines	publisher	Namco
Metal Marines	publisher	Mindscape
S Is for Space	publisher	Doubleday & Company
QuackShot	publisher	Sega
Phantom Slayer	publisher	Microdeal
Twisted Metal 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Exercises in Style	publisher	Gallimard Publishers
Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo	publisher	Capcom
Paladin of Souls	publisher	Eos
Showcase	publisher	DC Comics
Head over Heels	publisher	Ocean Software
Ragnarok Battle Offline	publisher	French-Bread
Ragnarok Battle Offline	publisher	Gravity
Zatch Bell!	publisher	Shogakukan
Super Fighter	publisher	C&E, Super Fighter Team
Angel and the Ape	publisher	DC Comics
Angel and the Ape	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Not Brand Echh	publisher	Marvel Comics
Adam Bede	publisher	John Blackwood
19XX: The War Against Destiny	publisher	Capcom
Alhambra	publisher	Queen Games
Alhambra	publisher	Überplay
Modern Art	publisher	Hans im Glück
Modern Art	publisher	Mayfair Games
Modern Art	publisher	Κάισσα
Nuns and Soldiers	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Constructor	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Constructor	publisher	System 3
Firewing	publisher	HarperCollins
Turok: Evolution	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Living History	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pac-Man 2: The New Adventures	publisher	Namco
Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Splinter of the Mind's Eye	publisher	Del Rey Books
Crisis Zone	publisher	Namco
The Very Hungry Caterpillar	publisher	Putnam/Philomel
The Very Hungry Caterpillar	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Invasion U.S.A.	publisher	Pinnacle Books
Good to Great	publisher	William Collins
The Witness	publisher	Media24
Terminal	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Future Wars	publisher	Delphine Software
Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction	publisher	LucasArts
Seize the Day	publisher	Viking Press
Summer Sisters	publisher	Delacorte Books
Black and Gold	publisher	Pantheon
The Memorial	publisher	Hogarth Press
3D Lemmings	publisher	Psygnosis
3D Lemmings	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
3D Lemmings	publisher	Imagineer
End Zone	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Independence Day	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sylvester and the Magic Pebble	publisher	Windmill Books
Ridge Racer 64	publisher	Nintendo
Ridge Racer 64	publisher	Namco
Captain Comic	publisher	Unknown ,
Captain Comic	publisher	Color Dreams
Zoo Keeper	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Front Mission Series: Gun Hazard	publisher	Square
Raptor: Call of the Shadows	publisher	3D Realms
Dominion	publisher	Hakusensha
Dominion	publisher	Seishinsha
The Hype about Hydrogen	publisher	Island Press
The Manhole	publisher	Brøderbund
The Manhole	publisher	Activision
The Lovely Bones	publisher	Little, Brown
Al Bayan	publisher	Dubai Media Incorporated
Expedition to Earth	publisher	Ballantine Books
Barbarossa	publisher	Kosmos
Barbarossa	publisher	Rio Grande Games
A Short, Sharp Shock	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Uninvited	publisher	Mindscape\nKemco
Mike Nelson's Death Rat!	publisher	HarperCollins
Abadox	publisher	Natsume, Milton Bradley
Hard Boiled	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Venture	publisher	Exidy
Smurf: Rescue in Gargamel's Castle	publisher	Coleco
Carnival	publisher	Sega
Carnival	publisher	Gremlin Industries
The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey	publisher	Harper Collins
The Skeptic	publisher	Committee for Skeptical Inquiry and Skeptical Inquirer
Musashi: Samurai Legend	publisher	Square Enix
The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman	publisher	Dial Press
The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman	publisher	Bantam Books
The Uncanny X-Men	publisher	LJN
Street Fighter 2010: The Final Fight	publisher	Capcom
SimCity 64	publisher	Nintendo
Spider-Man 2	publisher	Activision
King of Kings: The Early Years	publisher	Wisdom Tree
Star Trek: 25th Anniversary	publisher	Ultra Games
Bible Adventures	publisher	Wisdom Tree
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	publisher	LJN
Déjà Vu	publisher	Mindscape
Déjà Vu	publisher	Kemco
Urban Champion	publisher	Nintendo
Confessions of a Crap Artist	publisher	Entwhistle Books
Teddy Boy Blues	publisher	Sega
The Simpsons: Bart vs. the World	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Vice: Project Doom	publisher	Sega Sammy Holdings
BreakThru	publisher	Data East
BreakThru	publisher	U.S. Gold
Castlequest	publisher	ASCII Corporation, Nexoft Corporation
Jurassic Park	publisher	Ocean
Wall Street Kid	publisher	SOFEL
MiG-29: Soviet Fighter	publisher	Codemasters
Illusions	publisher	Coleco
Cyberball	publisher	Atari Games
Cyberball	publisher	Atari
To the Earth	publisher	Nintendo
Soccer	publisher	Nintendo
The Hunt for Red October	publisher	Hi-Tech Expressions, Inc.
Project I.G.I.: I'm Going In	publisher	Eidos Interactive
P.O.W.: Prisoners of War	publisher	SNK
P.O.W.: Prisoners of War	publisher	Electrocoin
Heavy Barrel	publisher	Data East
Contra Force	publisher	Konami
Barbie	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Bases Loaded	publisher	Jaleco
Journal of Genetics	publisher	Indian Academy of Sciences and Springer India
Dance Aerobics	publisher	Nintendo NA
Dance Aerobics	publisher	Bandai JP
The Blues Brothers	publisher	Titus Software
Ikari III: The Rescue	publisher	SNK
Victory Road	publisher	Arcade version:
Victory Road	publisher	SNK
Victory Road	publisher	Sinclair version:
Victory Road	publisher	Imagine Software Ltd
Victory Road	publisher	Erbe Software S.A., IBSA
Victory Road	publisher	K Amusement Leasing
Victory Road	publisher	SNK
Infiltrator	publisher	U.S. Gold
Infiltrator	publisher	Mindscape
Join My Cult	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Ninja Gaiden III: The Ancient Ship of Doom	publisher	Tecmo
Ninja Gaiden II: The Dark Sword of Chaos	publisher	Tecmo
Space Shuttle Project	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Solomon's Key	publisher	Tecmo
Mickey's Adventures in Numberland	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
King of Kings	publisher	Namco
Super Pitfall	publisher	Pony Canyon
Super Pitfall	publisher	Activision
ESPN College Hoops 2K5	publisher	Sega
The Virginian	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Queer	publisher	Viking Press
Impossible Mission	publisher	Epyx
Inquisitor	publisher	Games Workshop
Ojamajo Doremi	publisher	Kodansha
Lunar Park	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Babyz	publisher	Mindscape Group
Arcana	publisher	HAL Laboratory
The Borrible Trilogy	publisher	Tor Books
The Shadow over Innsmouth	publisher	Visionary Publishing Company
John Elway's Quarterback	publisher	Virgin Interactive
John Elway's Quarterback	publisher	Tradewest
R.C. Pro-Am II	publisher	Tradewest
The Lair of the White Worm	publisher	William Rider and Son Ltd
Sally the Witch	publisher	Shueisha
The Mafat Conspiracy	publisher	Vic Tokai
Empires: Dawn of the Modern World	publisher	Activision
Untouched by Human Hands	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Sentinel	publisher	Firebird
Monthly Afternoon	publisher	Kodansha
Kobato	publisher	Shogakukan
Kobato	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Front Mission 2	publisher	Square
View from a Height	publisher	Doubleday
The Book and the Brotherhood	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Side Effects	publisher	Random House
Sign Systems Studies	publisher	University of Tartu Press
The Deep Range	publisher	Frederick Muller
Nightmare Alley	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Nature Reviews Cancer	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Whom Gods Destroy	publisher	Elseworlds
Neverwinter Nights 2	publisher	Atari
Damnation Alley	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Shirahime-Syo: Snow Goddess Tales	publisher	Kobunsha
Shirahime-Syo: Snow Goddess Tales	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Curtain	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Interstate '76	publisher	Activision
A Widow for One Year	publisher	Random House
Löwenherz	publisher	Goldsieber
Löwenherz	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Löwenherz	publisher	Kosmos
Löwenherz	publisher	Mayfair Games
The Looking Glass War	publisher	Heinemann
The Looking Glass War	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Ballz	publisher	Accolade
Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots	publisher	Konami
Fundamenta Mathematicae	publisher	Institute of Mathematics of the Polish Academy of Sciences
Star Trek: Borg	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hunches in Bunches	publisher	Random House
Ayako	publisher	Shogakukan
Mario & Wario	publisher	Nintendo
Efuru	publisher	Heinemann
The Lords of Midnight	publisher	*
The Lords of Midnight	publisher	Beyond Software
The Lords of Midnight	publisher	Mindscape
The Lords of Midnight	publisher	Amsoft
The Lords of Midnight	publisher	Domark Software
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72	publisher	Straight Arrow Press
Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report	publisher	Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Again, Dangerous Visions	publisher	Doubleday
The Daleks' Master Plan	publisher	Target Books
Outcast of Redwall	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Seiken Densetsu 3	publisher	Square
Isle of the Dead	publisher	Ace Books
Starmaster	publisher	Activision
Dragon Quest V	publisher	Enix
Dragon Quest V	publisher	Square Enix
Neopets: The Darkest Faerie	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Heroes of the Lance	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Heroes of the Lance	publisher	U.S. Gold
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Heroes of the Lance	publisher	Pony Canyon
Lunar Pool	publisher	Pony Canyon, Inc.
Lunar Pool	publisher	FCI
Tetris	publisher	Tengen
The Truth	publisher	Doubleday
Pocket Tanks	publisher	Blitwise Productions
Super DX-Ball	publisher	BlitWise Productions
Kirby's Dream Course	publisher	Nintendo
Suikoden III	publisher	Konami
Tetrisphere	publisher	Nintendo
Tactics Ogre: The Knight of Lodis	publisher	Atlus
The Secret Life of Plants	publisher	Harper & Row
The Sands of Mars	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Dorothy Rabinowitz	publisher	Free Press, NY
Killer Bunnies and the Quest for the Magic Carrot	publisher	Playroom Entertainment
The Oregon Experiment	publisher	Oxford University Press
Uzumaki	publisher	Shogakukan
Virtua Cop 3	publisher	Sega
Simulacra and Simulation	publisher	Éditions Galilée  & University of Michigan Press
Adaptation and Natural Selection	publisher	Princeton University Press
D.Gray-man	publisher	Shueisha
D.Gray-man	publisher	Shueisha
In the Miso Soup	publisher	Yomiuri Shimbun
The Executioner's Song	publisher	Little, Brown
Black Rice	publisher	Gallimard
The Armies of the Night	publisher	New American Library
The Lady in the Lake	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Playback	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Playback	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Before I Kill You, Mr. Bond	publisher	Cheapass Games
White Light	publisher	Virgin Books UK)
White Light	publisher	Ace Books
Shadow the Hedgehog	publisher	Sega
OutRun 2	publisher	Sega
OutRun 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The House of the Scorpion	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Lake House	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Robodemons	publisher	Color Dreams
Menace Beach	publisher	Color Dreams
Menace Beach	publisher	Hacker International
New Grub Street	publisher	London: Smith, Elder & Co. ; Troy, N.Y.: Brewster
The Crystal City	publisher	Tor Books
Project Snowblind	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Starlord	publisher	Fleetway
Charlton Bullseye	publisher	Charlton Comics
Recovery from Cults	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Shepherd Express	publisher	Louis Fortis
Ultima Online: The Second Age	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Children's Story	publisher	Dell Publishing
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Wall of the Sky, the Wall of the Eye	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Family Circle	publisher	Meredith Corporation
The Wish List	publisher	O'Brien Press
The Supernaturalist	publisher	Puffin ; Miramax
Balls of Steel	publisher	3
Frenchman's Creek	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Frenchman's Creek	publisher	Doubleday
StarTropics	publisher	Nintendo
Castrovalva	publisher	Target Books
Carnival Cruise Line Tycoon 2005: Island Hopping	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Labyrinth of Evil	publisher	Del Rey Books
Liberalism Is a Mental Disorder	publisher	Nelson Current
Crome Yellow	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Crome Yellow	publisher	Harper & Brothers
A Dame to Kill For	publisher	Legend
Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs	publisher	CrimethInc./Yellow Jack Distrow
Colorful	publisher	Shueisha
Joy Mech Fight	publisher	Nintendo
The Story of Tracy Beaker	publisher	Doubleday
Benefactor	publisher	Psygnosis
Thief: Deadly Shadows	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Mind Robber	publisher	Target Books
Saturday	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Happy Lesson	publisher	MediaWorks
The Lost Years of Merlin	publisher	Penguin Group
Electroplankton	publisher	Nintendo
The Joke	publisher	Československý spisovatel
The Joke	publisher	Coward-McCann
Parameters	publisher	United States Army War College
Kujibiki Unbalance	publisher	Media Factory
The Twyborn Affair	publisher	Jonathan Cape
How the Mind Works	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Battle Pope	publisher	Image Comics/Funk-O-Tron
Silver Age Sentinels	publisher	Guardians of Order
Starlancer	publisher	Microsoft
Extreme Assault	publisher	Blue Byte Software
A Pocketful of Rye	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Optic Nerve	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Majestic	publisher	Electronic Arts
Treasure Master	publisher	ASC Games
Can You Feel Anything When I Do This%3F	publisher	Doubleday Books
The Cement Garden	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess	publisher	Nintendo
The Itchy & Scratchy Game	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Darklands	publisher	MicroProse
1944: The Loop Master	publisher	Capcom
Madden NFL 2005	publisher	EA Sports
Al-Qadim	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Milon's Secret Castle	publisher	Hudson Soft
Little Samson	publisher	Taito Corporation
Fire 'n Ice	publisher	Tecmo
Marvel Super Heroes	publisher	Capcom
Critical Inquiry	publisher	University of Chicago Press
One on One: Dr. J vs. Larry Bird	publisher	Electronic Arts
Agent of Byzantium	publisher	Congdon & Weed
Boy Meets Boy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Abbia: Cameroon Cultural Review	publisher	Université de Cameroun
The Rule of Four	publisher	The Dial Press
Journey by Moonlight	publisher	Pushkin Press
Between a Rock and a Hard Place	publisher	Atria Books
Anarchy	publisher	Freedom Press
The Legend of Kyrandia	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Koudelka	publisher	SNK Playmore
Monica's Story	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Fan Club	publisher	Simon & Schuster
God of War	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
God of War	publisher	Del Rey Books
Chainmail	publisher	Guidon Games
Chainmail	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Against Method	publisher	Verso Books
Brian Bloodaxe	publisher	The Edge Software
Basketbrawl	publisher	Atari
The Party's Over: Oil, War, and the Fate of Industrial Societies	publisher	New Society Publishers
Sid Meier's SimGolf	publisher	Electronic Arts
Grand Prix 3	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
BC Racers	publisher	Core Design
BC Racers	publisher	Front Street Publishing
BC Racers	publisher	GoldStar
BC Racers	publisher	LG Electronics
Archangel	publisher	Hutchinson
Industrial Worker	publisher	Industrial Workers of the World
Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom	publisher	Konami
Epic Level Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
El Túnel	publisher	Editorial Sur
Calgary Sun	publisher	Ed Huculak
The Ships of Earth	publisher	Tor Books
The Town and the City	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Ben's Game	publisher	Make-A-Wish Foundation
Tiger Mask	publisher	Kodansha
How to Be Alone	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
First Love, Last Rites	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Marrow of Tradition	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Grass Is Singing	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Grass Is Singing	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
The Hockey Sweater	publisher	Tundra Books
Ten from Tomorrow	publisher	Hart-Davis
The Terminal Beach	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Sound of Waves	publisher	Vintage International
Adevărul	publisher	Adrian Halpert
Scott Pilgrim	publisher	Oni Press
Recca	publisher	Kaga Create
At Bertram's Hotel	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Alcoholics	publisher	Lion Books
Project ARMS	publisher	Shogakukan
Charmed Life	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
SSN-21 Seawolf	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kirby's Dream Land 2	publisher	Nintendo
Dangerous Waters	publisher	Strategy First
The Notting Hill Mystery	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
The Notting Hill Mystery	publisher	Saunders, Otley, and Company
The Camp of the Saints	publisher	Éditions Robert Laffont
Kroz	publisher	3D Realms
Final Fantasy XIII	publisher	Square Enix
America's Army: Rise of a Soldier	publisher	Ubisoft
MechWarrior: Dark Age	publisher	WizKids
Wild West C.O.W.-Boys of Moo Mesa	publisher	Konami
A Home at the End of the World	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Kenilworth	publisher	Constable and Co.
The Death Dealers	publisher	Avon
Ptolemaic Terrascope	publisher	Nick Saloman
Tarka the Otter	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei	publisher	*
Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei	publisher	Namco
Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei	publisher	* Atlus
Jack Bros.	publisher	Atlus
Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei II	publisher	Namco
U.N. Squadron	publisher	Capcom
Shin Megami Tensei II	publisher	Atlus
The Body Snatcher	publisher	Pall Mall Gazette
Anansi Boys	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Fluke, or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings	publisher	William Morrow & Company
The Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok	publisher	Square Enix
The Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok	publisher	Mag Garden
The Fallon Blood	publisher	Ace Books
Glover	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Glover	publisher	Atari Interactive
The Twenty-One Balloons	publisher	The Viking Press
Haunted	publisher	Doubleday
Legend of Legaia	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hell House	publisher	Viking Press
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis	publisher	Capcom
Treasure Hunter G	publisher	Square Co.
Mario Clash	publisher	Nintendo
Radix	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Are You Afraid of the Dark%3F	publisher	William Morrow
Books of Blood	publisher	Sphere Books
Sparky	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Mr. Munchausen	publisher	Noyes, Platt & Co.
The Minister's Wooing	publisher	Derby & Jackson ,
The Minister's Wooing	publisher	Penguin
Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs	publisher	Random House
Redemption	publisher	Cactus Game Design
Anil's Ghost	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Professor Pac-Man	publisher	Midway Games
Son of a Witch	publisher	Regan Books
SSX 3	publisher	EA Sports Big
Tarantula	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Tarantula	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Wilderness Tips	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Larry's Party	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Canada
Singles: Flirt Up Your Life	publisher	Deep Silver
Frankenstein: The Monster Returns	publisher	Namco Bandai
Too Human	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Pudd'nhead Wilson	publisher	Charles L. Webster & Company
Heart of a Dog	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Coded Arms	publisher	Konami
The Holcroft Covenant	publisher	Granada Publishing Ltd.
The Holcroft Covenant	publisher	Richard Marek
European Club Soccer	publisher	Virgin Interactive
European Club Soccer	publisher	Shogakukan
Ferdydurke	publisher	Towarzystwo Wydawnicze \
Grand Prix Challenge	publisher	Infogrames
Essays	publisher	Simon Millanges
Mad Bull 34	publisher	Shueisha
Mad Bull 34	publisher	Shueisha
The Seven Sisters	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Power Broker	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Croc: Legend of the Gobbos	publisher	Fox Interactive
Croc: Legend of the Gobbos	publisher	THQ
XXL	publisher	Townsquare Media
A Tiger for Malgudi	publisher	Viking Press
A Tiger for Malgudi	publisher	Heinemann
Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories	publisher	Indian Thought Publications
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban	publisher	Electronic Arts
World Cup Italia '90	publisher	Sega
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone	publisher	Electronic Arts
Robotrek	publisher	Enix
Protector	publisher	Ballantine Books
Journal of Financial Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Ultra	publisher	Image Comics
Cold Fear	publisher	Ubisoft
The Sign and the Seal	publisher	Heinemann
Dragon Drive	publisher	Shueisha
2001: A Space Odyssey	publisher	Hutchinson
2001: A Space Odyssey	publisher	New American Library
WCW vs. nWo: World Tour	publisher	THQ
Justice League Europe	publisher	DC Comics
The Man in the Black Suit	publisher	Philtrum Press
nWo Revenge	publisher	THQ
Underworld Unleashed	publisher	DC Comics
Wintersmith	publisher	Doubleday
I Shall Wear Midnight	publisher	Doubleday
WWF No Mercy	publisher	THQ
WWE WrestleMania X8	publisher	THQ
WWE WrestleMania XIX	publisher	THQ
FreeSpace 2	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Peshawar Lancers	publisher	Roc Books
Origins of the Fifth Amendment	publisher	Oxford University Press
Legend of Lemnear	publisher	Gakken
Plastic Little	publisher	Gakken
Flambards in Summer	publisher	OUP
The Edge of the Cloud	publisher	Oxford University Press
David Starr, Space Ranger	publisher	Doubleday
Dad's Nuke	publisher	Donald I. Fine
After Burner II	publisher	Sega
Marie Claire	publisher	Groupe Marie Claire
Marie Claire	publisher	Hearst
Marie Claire	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Lucky Starr and the Big Sun of Mercury	publisher	Doubleday
Lucky Starr and the Moons of Jupiter	publisher	Doubleday
Lucky Starr and the Oceans of Venus	publisher	Doubleday
Lucky Starr and the Rings of Saturn	publisher	Doubleday
Lucky Starr and the Pirates of the Asteroids	publisher	Doubleday
The Satanic Witch	publisher	Dodd, Mead & Company
The Satanic Witch	publisher	Lancer Books
The Satanic Witch	publisher	Feral House
ROSE Online	publisher	* naROSE: Gravity Interactive, Inc.\n* jROSE: Faith Inc.
Dracula	publisher	Dell Comics
The Place Promised in Our Early Days	publisher	Enterbrain
The Place Promised in Our Early Days	publisher	Kodansha
Delta of Venus	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Zork Zero	publisher	Infocom
Spellbreaker	publisher	Infocom
Sorcerer	publisher	Infocom
Zombie Nation	publisher	Meldac / Liveplanning
The Adventures of Lomax	publisher	Psygnosis
MDK2	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Phantoms	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Geist	publisher	Nintendo
California Games	publisher	Epyx
Master Humphrey's Clock	publisher	Chapman & Hall
In Search of the Most Amazing Thing	publisher	Spinnaker Software
Crazy Taxi: Catch a Ride	publisher	THQ
Crazy Taxi: Catch a Ride	publisher	Sega
Starfighters of Adumar	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Shadows Over Camelot	publisher	Days of Wonder
Ultimate Adventures	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Great Redwall Feast	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet	publisher	VisualArt's
Banglapedia	publisher	Banglapedia Trust, Asiatic Society of Bangladesh
Firefox	publisher	Michael Joseph
Firefox	publisher	& Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Deadline	publisher	Infocom
A Swiftly Tilting Planet	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Hyperion	publisher	Doubleday
Burnout	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Impossible Creatures	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Burnout 3: Takedown	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Feeling Good Handbook	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Infidel	publisher	Infocom
Heir Apparent	publisher	Harcourt Education
Penguin Island	publisher	Modern Library
The Secret History	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Little Friend	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Jacob's Room	publisher	Hogarth Press
Wise Son: The White Wolf	publisher	DC Comics
Mystery House	publisher	On-Line Systems
Super Skweek	publisher	Loriciel
The Family	publisher	ReganBooks
Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry	publisher	Penguin Group
Armadillo	publisher	Information Global Service
Death Rally	publisher	Apogee Software  Remedy Entertainment
Tailchaser's Song	publisher	DAW Books
The Ascension Factor	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Aussie Rules Footy	publisher	Mattel
Not Before Time	publisher	New English Library
The Outlaw of Torn	publisher	McClurg
Hotel du Lac	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Hotel du Lac	publisher	Pantheon Books
Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath	publisher	Electronic Arts
Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath	publisher	Oddworld Inhabitants
NBA Street	publisher	EA Sports BIG
Meteos	publisher	Nintendo
Meteos	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The New Tetris	publisher	Nintendo
The New Jackals	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Caesar III	publisher	Sierra Entertainment, Sold-Out Software
Kiddy Grade	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shaq Fu	publisher	Electronic Arts
Shaq Fu	publisher	Black Pearl Software
Shaq Fu	publisher	Ocean Software
Berkeley Barb	publisher	Max Scherr
Turok 3: Shadow of Oblivion	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Panzerschlachten	publisher	University of Oklahoma Press
Eat-Man	publisher	MediaWorks
The Apes of God	publisher	The Arthur Press
Combat Mission 3: Afrika Korps	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Combat Mission II: Barbarossa to Berlin	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Combat Mission: Beyond Overlord	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Madhushala	publisher	Hind Pocket Books
Call to Power II	publisher	Activision
Goemon	publisher	Kodansha
Goemon	publisher	KC Derakkusu
Bend Sinister	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Autobiography of Charles Darwin	publisher	John Murray, London
The Dying Sun	publisher	Atheneum
Shock Troopers	publisher	SNK
Powerpuff Girls Z	publisher	Shueisha
Ignition	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Edge of the World	publisher	Faber & Faber
What's on TV	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Deadly Rooms of Death	publisher	Webfoot Technologies
The Daedalus Encounter	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Daedalus Encounter	publisher	Panasonic
A Wish for Wings That Work	publisher	Little Brown & Co
Fullmetal Alchemist 2: Curse of the Crimson Elixir	publisher	Square Enix
The Judge and His Hangman	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Murder at the ABA	publisher	Doubleday
Attack of the Cybermen	publisher	Target Books
NBA Street Vol. 2	publisher	EA Sports BIG
KiKi KaiKai	publisher	Taito Corporation
Way Station	publisher	Doubleday
Black Wind	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Ender's Game	publisher	Insight Editions
Ender's Game	publisher	Cryptozoic Entertainment
Man's Place in Nature	publisher	Williams & Norgate
The Naturalist on the River Amazons	publisher	John Murray
TimeShift	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Gods	publisher	Accolade Inc.
Gods	publisher	Mindscape
Gods	publisher	Renegade Software
Anachronism	publisher	TriKing Games
X-Zone	publisher	Kemco
Lamborghini American Challenge	publisher	Titus Software
The Pilgrim's Regress	publisher	J.M. Dent and Sons
The Pilgrim's Regress	publisher	Sheed and Ward
The Pilgrim's Regress	publisher	Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co.
Battle Clash	publisher	Nintendo
Metal Combat: Falcon's Revenge	publisher	Nintendo
Dungeon Hack	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Bazooka Blitzkrieg	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Tsukuyomi: Moon Phase	publisher	Wani Books
Never Let Me Go	publisher	Faber and Faber
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness	publisher	Palladium Books
Sonic the Hedgehog: Triple Trouble	publisher	Sega
Driver 2	publisher	Infogrames
Driver 2	publisher	Infogrames
Civilization II: Test of Time	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Strawberry Spring	publisher	Doubleday
Beyond Castle Wolfenstein	publisher	Muse Software
The Richleighs of Tantamount	publisher	Constable & Co Ltd
The Richleighs of Tantamount	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
The One	publisher	Epic Comics
The Moving Finger	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
A Fictional Guide to Scotland	publisher	OpenInk
Bleachers	publisher	Doubleday
The Testament	publisher	Doubleday
A Painted House	publisher	Doubleday
The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals	publisher	John Murray
The Woman in Black	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Astonishing Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel UK
NYX	publisher	Marvel Comics
Playboy: The Mansion	publisher	ARUSH Entertainment
Playboy: The Mansion	publisher	Groove Games
Playboy: The Mansion	publisher	Ubisoft
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer	publisher	Ming Pao
18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker	publisher	Sega
18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Chiller	publisher	Exidy, American Game Cartridges , HES
Ella Minnow Pea	publisher	Cage
Ella Minnow Pea	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Mad Man	publisher	Richard Kasak Books/Masquerade Books
Age of Apocalypse	publisher	Marvel Comics
Devil May Cry 2	publisher	Capcom
International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences	publisher	Macmillan Reference USA
Pizza Tycoon	publisher	MicroProse
Pavane	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
Planet of Death	publisher	Ubisoft
Theatre Europe	publisher	Personal Software Services
NASCAR 2000	publisher	EA Sports  THQ
The ClueFinders 5th Grade Adventures: The Secret of the Living Volcano	publisher	The Learning Company
The ClueFinders Search and Solve Adventures	publisher	The Learning Company
NASCAR Racing 2003 Season	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Guerrillas	publisher	André Deutsch
Guerrillas	publisher	Knopf
Worms World Party	publisher	Microsoft Windows & Dreamcast
Worms World Party	publisher	PlayStation & Game Boy Advance
Worms World Party	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Worms World Party	publisher	N-Gage
Worms World Party	publisher	Nokia
Futari Ecchi	publisher	Hakusensha
Futari Ecchi	publisher	Hakusensha
Feed	publisher	Candlewick Press
Devil May Cry 4	publisher	Capcom
Elemental Gelade	publisher	Mag Garden
Magic Carpet	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mr. Bucket	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Possession	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Stair Dismount	publisher	TAAt
Cleveland Scene	publisher	Euclid Media Group http://euclidmediagroup.com
Sarah, Plain and Tall	publisher	Harper & Row
Phantom Thief Jeanne	publisher	Shueisha
The Masque of Mandragora	publisher	Target Books
Clive Barker's Undying	publisher	Electronic Arts
Panzer Dragoon Orta	publisher	Sega
NBA 2K3	publisher	Sega Sports
Max Payne 3	publisher	Rockstar Games
The Demolished Man	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Brandish	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Brandish	publisher	Mantra
Brandish	publisher	NEC
Brandish	publisher	Koei
Brandish	publisher	XSEED Games
Lethal Enforcers	publisher	Konami
Strange	publisher	Marvel Knights
Donkey Kong	publisher	Nintendo
Hammer's Slammers	publisher	Ace Books
Day of Love	publisher	Actress
Day of Love	publisher	Princess Soft
Day of Love	publisher	Hirameki International
Adventure Kid	publisher	Wanimagazine
Blind Lake	publisher	Tor Books
The Motion of Light in Water	publisher	Arbor House
Resurrection	publisher	First published serially in Niva
Resurrection	publisher	then Dodd, Mead
Guitar World	publisher	Harris Publications
Guitar World	publisher	Future US, Inc.
Guitar World	publisher	NewBay Media
The King Must Die	publisher	Pantheon Books
The King Must Die	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co.
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water	publisher	Henry Holt & Co
The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album	publisher	Harper Paperbacks
ToeJam & Earl	publisher	Sega
Fight Club	publisher	VU Games
The Sensorites	publisher	Target Books
Katherine	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Daigasso! Band Brothers	publisher	Nintendo
Romancing SaGa	publisher	Square
Romancing SaGa	publisher	Square Enix
Out of This Furnace	publisher	Little, Brown
Out of This Furnace	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
Lego Loco	publisher	Lego Media
David's Midnight Magic	publisher	Brøderbund Software
David's Midnight Magic	publisher	Ariolasoft
In the Groove 2	publisher	Roxor Games
In the Groove 2	publisher	Andamiro
Negation	publisher	CrossGen
Mario Pinball Land	publisher	Nintendo
Brief Interviews with Hideous Men	publisher	Little Brown and Company
The Mystery of the Blue Train	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Wisdom of Crowds	publisher	Doubleday; Anchor
Battle Chasers	publisher	WildStorm
Battle Chasers	publisher	Image Comics
Lego Star Wars: The Video Game	publisher	LucasArts
Lego Star Wars: The Video Game	publisher	Aspyr
Lego Star Wars: The Video Game	publisher	Eidos Interactive
MÄR	publisher	Shogakukan
MÄR	publisher	Shogakukan
The Private Life of Chairman Mao	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Omlevex	publisher	Z-Man Games and Spectrum Games
The Man in the Maze	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Mortal Fear	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Witness	publisher	Infocom
Galerians: Ash	publisher	Enterbrain
Cutthroats	publisher	Infocom
Autopsy Room Four	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
In the Deathroom	publisher	Book-of-the-Month Club
Western Horseman	publisher	Morris Communications
Ultima Underworld II: Labyrinth of Worlds	publisher	Origin Systems
Ultima Underworld II: Labyrinth of Worlds	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Angel of Darkness	publisher	Random House
King of the Khyber Rifles	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Dark Eden	publisher	Target Games
Tempest 2000	publisher	Atari Corporation
Tempest 2000	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein	publisher	Ace Books
Biometrika	publisher	Biometrika Trust, Oxford University Press
Music Construction Set	publisher	Electronic Arts
Songmaster	publisher	Dell Publishing
Cabal	publisher	Poseidon Press
Cabal	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Short-Wave Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Priestess of Avalon	publisher	Voyager Books
Lady of Avalon	publisher	Viking Press
Remembering the Kanji and Remembering the Hanzi	publisher	University of Hawai'i Press
My Name Is Asher Lev	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Vigilante 8	publisher	Activision
Sonic Chaos	publisher	Sega
Speed Grapher	publisher	MediaWorks
The Forest House	publisher	Viking Press
Amerzone	publisher	Casterman
Amerzone	publisher	Ubisoft
Puzznic	publisher	Taito
Puzznic	publisher	Ocean Software
Puzznic	publisher	Altron
Puzznic	publisher	Ving Games
Puzznic	publisher	IGS
Ruse	publisher	CrossGen
Mega Man 8	publisher	Capcom
The Godwhale	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Lord of the Rings Strategy Battle Game	publisher	Games Workshop
Capcom vs. SNK 2	publisher	Sega
Dancing at the Edge of the World	publisher	Grove Press
Seastalker	publisher	Infocom
Might and Magic IV: Clouds of Xeen	publisher	New World Computing
Might and Magic II: Gates to Another World	publisher	New World Computing
Might and Magic V: Darkside of Xeen	publisher	New World Computing
Might and Magic VI: The Mandate of Heaven	publisher	3
Fallen Angels	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Suspect	publisher	Infocom
Ballyhoo	publisher	Infocom
Hollywood Hijinx	publisher	Infocom
Crossing the Threshold of Hope	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Resident Evil Zero	publisher	Capcom
Resident Evil Zero	publisher	Pocket Books
Clotel	publisher	Partridge & Oakey
Tribe 8	publisher	Dream Pod 9
Nancy's Mysterious Letter	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Velvet Mask	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Freedom Force vs the 3rd Reich	publisher	Irrational Games
Freedom Force vs the 3rd Reich	publisher	2
The Medium Is the Massage	publisher	Penguin Books
Capcom Fighting All-Stars	publisher	Capcom
Make Room! Make Room!	publisher	Doubleday
Joi Baba Felunath	publisher	Ananda Publishers
The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists	publisher	Grant Richards
Stationfall	publisher	Infocom
Click	publisher	Edizioni Nuova Frontiera
Click	publisher	NBM Publishing
The Web Planet	publisher	Target Books
Trends	publisher	Cell Press
Ecological Genetics	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Chandler: Red Tide	publisher	Pyramid Books
Kingdom Hearts II	publisher	Square Enix
Domino Man	publisher	Bally Midway
The Face on the Cutting-Room Floor	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Harry Potter: Quidditch World Cup	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning	publisher	Square Enix
The Filth	publisher	Vertigo
The Great Monkey Trial	publisher	Doubleday
The Castles of Dr. Creep	publisher	Brøderbund
The Castles of Dr. Creep	publisher	Strobs Canardly
Flight	publisher	Image Comics
Flight	publisher	Ballantine Books
Midnight Club: Street Racing	publisher	Rockstar Games
Midnight Club: Street Racing	publisher	Destination Software
Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential	publisher	Union of International Associations
Fullmetal Alchemist and the Broken Angel	publisher	Square Enix
Call of Duty 2: Big Red One	publisher	Activision
Burnout 2: Point of Impact	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Star Wars Episode I: Racer	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars Episode I: Racer	publisher	Nintendo
The Songs of the Kings	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Moonmist	publisher	Infocom
Mamotte Shugogetten	publisher	1
Mamotte Shugogetten	publisher	2
Mamotte Shugogetten	publisher	Mag Garden
The Confessions of Nat Turner	publisher	Random House
Times Colonist	publisher	David Radler
Knight Online	publisher	MGame
Knight Online	publisher	EGames
Knight Online	publisher	X-legend
Knight Online	publisher	NTTGame
Infinite Crisis	publisher	DC Comics
Gertrud	publisher	Albert Langen
Another Country	publisher	Dial Press
Jinxter	publisher	Rainbird Software
Border Zone	publisher	Infocom
Ecology	publisher	Ecological Society of America
Journal of Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society
Journal of the American Chemical Society	publisher	American Chemical Society
English Hymnal	publisher	Oxford University Press
Humboldt's Gift	publisher	Viking Press
JLA: The Nail	publisher	DC Comics
JLA: The Nail	publisher	Elseworlds
Propeller Arena	publisher	Sega
Sea Dogs	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness	publisher	The Pokémon Company
The Book of the Damned	publisher	Boni and Liveright
Lo!	publisher	Cosimo Books
Journey to Rooted Hold	publisher	Caravel Games
Journal of Zoology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Oikos	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Foundation Oikos
Ikki Tousen	publisher	Wani Books
Ikki Tousen	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Nord and Bert Couldn't Make Head or Tail of It	publisher	Infocom
Skyfox	publisher	Electronic Arts
À Suivre	publisher	Casterman
The Damage Done	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Edmonton Sun	publisher	John Caputo
Pigs in Heaven	publisher	HarperCollins
University of Pennsylvania Law Review	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Law School
Stormwatch: Team Achilles	publisher	Wildstorm
Shatterpoint	publisher	Del Rey Books
Shatterpoint	publisher	Random House Audio
New Atlantis	publisher	no publisher given
Gate Keepers	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Warhammer 40,000: Chaos Gate	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Warhammer 40,000: Chaos Gate	publisher	GOG Ltd
Good-bye, Chunky Rice	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Molbank	publisher	MDPI
Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds	publisher	Richard Bentley, London
Sherlock: The Riddle of the Crown Jewels	publisher	Infocom
Journal of Fluid Mechanics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Farfarers	publisher	Key Porter Books
Jumpgate: The Reconstruction Initiative	publisher	3
Venus and the Seven Sexes	publisher	Avon
Malice Aforethought	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Vigilante 8: 2nd Offense	publisher	Activision
Antarctica	publisher	HarperCollins
Plundered Hearts	publisher	Infocom
Battlefield	publisher	Target Books
A Perfect Spy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Perfect Spy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dragon Prince	publisher	DAW Books
Bomberman Max	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bomberman Max	publisher	Vatical Entertainment
Tandia	publisher	Allen Lane
The Ooze	publisher	Sega
The Legend of the Mystical Ninja	publisher	Konami
Scalped	publisher	Vertigo
Mighty Crusaders	publisher	Archie Comics
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III: The Manhattan Project	publisher	Konami
Star Wars: Rebel Assault	publisher	LucasArts
Out of the Dark	publisher	Groundwood Books
Legend	publisher	Century
Half-Life 2: Episode One	publisher	Valve Corporation
James Clavell's Shōgun	publisher	Infocom
Monolith	publisher	PaperFilms
Star Wars: Rebel Assault II: The Hidden Empire	publisher	LucasArts
Kane and Abel	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Reign of Terror	publisher	Target Books
Contest	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Mathias Sandorf	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Shop Talk	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Pawn	publisher	Rainbird Software
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Our Lady of the Flowers	publisher	Marc Barbezat – L'Arbalete , Grove Press
Classics from the Comics	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Justice, Inc.	publisher	Hero Games
Big Eyes, Small Mouth	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Everything Is Illuminated	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-Chan	publisher	MediaWorks
Planet of Giants	publisher	Target Books
The Souls of Black Folk	publisher	A. C. McClurg & Co., Chicago
Journey	publisher	Infocom
The Hot Zone	publisher	Anchor
Mortal Kombat Mythologies: Sub-Zero	publisher	Midway Games
Islands in the Net	publisher	Arbor House
Untold Legends: Brotherhood of the Blade	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Forty Signs of Rain	publisher	HarperCollins
RollerCoaster Tycoon 2	publisher	Infogrames
RollerCoaster Tycoon 2	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Carnival of Monsters	publisher	Target Books
The Green Death	publisher	Target Books
The Talons of Weng-Chiang	publisher	Target Books
We3	publisher	Vertigo Comics
The Ribos Operation	publisher	Target Books
The Stones of Blood	publisher	Target Books
The Androids of Tara	publisher	Target Books
The Power of Kroll	publisher	Target Books
The Armageddon Factor	publisher	Target Books
Coming Through Slaughter	publisher	House of Anansi
The Leisure Hive	publisher	Target Books
Earthshock	publisher	Target Books
The Visitation	publisher	Target Books
Vengeance on Varos	publisher	Target Books
Hol	publisher	Black Dog Game Factory
Yoshi's Universal Gravitation	publisher	Nintendo
Continuum	publisher	Aetherco
Continuum	publisher	Dreamcatcher Multimedia
Madden NFL 2003	publisher	EA Sports
Mortal Kombat: Special Forces	publisher	Midway Games
The Mysterious Mr Quin	publisher	William Collins
Mortal Kombat Gold	publisher	Midway Games
Green Mansions	publisher	Duckworth & Co.
NBA Live 2002	publisher	Electronic Arts
NBA Live 2001	publisher	Electronic Arts, EA Sports
NBA Live 2003	publisher	EA Sports
Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition	publisher	Rockstar Games
Blade Runner 4: Eye and Talon	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
NBA Live 2000	publisher	Electronic Arts, EA Sports
NBA Live 2004	publisher	Electronic Arts
NBA Live 2005	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mr Standfast	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Mr Standfast	publisher	London
Lord Hornblower	publisher	Penguin Group
The Commodore	publisher	Michael Joseph
War Gods	publisher	Midway Games
War Gods	publisher	GT Interactive
Hot Rod	publisher	TEN: The Enthusiast Network
Primal	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Icarus	publisher	Elsevier
Gunstar Super Heroes	publisher	Sega
Syntactic Structures	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
Street Fighter II V	publisher	Kodansha
The Book of Daniel	publisher	Random House
Nectar in a Sieve	publisher	John Day Company
Nectar in a Sieve	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Countdown to Infinite Crisis	publisher	DC Comics
Last Exit to Brooklyn	publisher	Grove Press
The Official Preppy Handbook	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Stephen Hero	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Plotting	publisher	Taito
Sasa	publisher	ASCII
URB	publisher	Raymond Roker
Kid Kool	publisher	Vic Tokai
Snowboard Kids	publisher	Atlus
Age of Mythology	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Warriors' Gate	publisher	Target Books
Spawn: Armageddon	publisher	Namco
Spawn: Armageddon	publisher	Electronic Arts
Super Star Wars	publisher	JVC
Super Star Wars	publisher	Nintendo
Super Star Wars	publisher	LucasArts
Super Star Wars	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Frontier in Space	publisher	Target Books
Super Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back	publisher	JVC, later re-released by THQ
Super Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back	publisher	LucasArts
A Lesson Before Dying	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
Lá	publisher	Belfast Media Group
Royal Robbins	publisher	La Siesta Press
I, Jedi	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Eschatology: Death and Eternal Life	publisher	Catholic University of America Press
SuperPower 2	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Tales of the Vampires	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Pilgrim Jäger	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003	publisher	EA, JAMDAT
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004	publisher	Electronic Arts
Runaway Horses	publisher	Shinchosha
Runaway Horses	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Star Wars: Yoda Stories	publisher	LucasArts
Sega Worldwide Soccer 97	publisher	Sega
The Brain of Morbius	publisher	Target Books
Coalescent	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Android Invasion	publisher	Target Books
The Seeds of Doom	publisher	Target Books
Resident Evil – Code: Veronica	publisher	Pocket Books
Archon II: Adept	publisher	Electronic Arts
Jack Faust	publisher	Avon Books
Planet of Evil	publisher	Target Books
Revenge of the Cybermen	publisher	Target Books
Terror of the Zygons	publisher	Target Books
Prey	publisher	2
The Hand of Fear	publisher	Target Books
Stronghold	publisher	Take 2 Interactive and God Games
Tri-Stat dX	publisher	Guardians of Order
The Face of Evil	publisher	Target Books
Reach for the Stars	publisher	SSG
Maharashtra Times	publisher	The Times Group
Fire Emblem Gaiden	publisher	Nintendo
Marvel Feature	publisher	Marvel Comics
Timelash	publisher	Target Books
Dragonfire	publisher	Target Books
The Happiness Patrol	publisher	Target Books
The Greatest Show in the Galaxy	publisher	Target Books
Night on the Galactic Railroad	publisher	Bunpodō
Cosmopolis	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Claws of Axos	publisher	Target Books
Adventure into Fear	publisher	Marvel Comics
Police 911	publisher	Konami
Mahoraba	publisher	Enix
Mahoraba	publisher	Square Enix
The Encyclopedia of Fantasy	publisher	Orbit Books UK; St. Martin's Press US
La Stampa	publisher	Editrice La Stampa
The Duplicate	publisher	Penguin Books
Political Liberalism	publisher	Columbia University Press
InfoWorld	publisher	International Data Group
The Great Shark Hunt	publisher	Summit Books
The Rescue	publisher	Target Books
The Romans	publisher	Target Books
Solomon Gursky Was Here	publisher	Viking Canada
Dino Crisis	publisher	Capcom
Jackal	publisher	Konami
Paul Clifford	publisher	Henry Colburn
Paul Clifford	publisher	Richard Bentley
Star Wars Roleplaying Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Depthcharge	publisher	Sega
Depthcharge	publisher	Gremlin Industries
Depthcharge	publisher	Taito Corporation
Scarecrow	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Anvil of Stars	publisher	Warner Books, Inc.
The Drowned World	publisher	Berkley Books
Fighters Megamix	publisher	Sega
Fighters Megamix	publisher	Tiger Electronics
0 A.D.	publisher	Wildfire Games
The Invisible Enemy	publisher	Target Books
Image of the Fendahl	publisher	Target Books
The Keeper of Traken	publisher	Target Books
The Sun Makers	publisher	Target Books
Melty Blood	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gee Bee Air Rally	publisher	Activision
Planet of Fire	publisher	Target Books
Underworld	publisher	Target Books
Empire Earth II	publisher	Vivendi Games
The Crusade	publisher	Target Books
The Space Museum	publisher	Target Books
The Chase	publisher	Target Books
Full Circle	publisher	Target Books
Meglos	publisher	Target Books
Four to Doomsday	publisher	Target Books
A Reader's Manifesto	publisher	Melville House Publishing
Pac-Pix	publisher	Namco
Nanostray	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Promise of the Witch King	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Pluto	publisher	Shogakukan
Berlin Diary	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising	publisher	NovaLogic
Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising	publisher	MicroMouse Co.,Ltd.
Marine Geology	publisher	Elsevier
Thud!	publisher	Doubleday
The Warlord of Mars	publisher	A. C. McClurg
The Gods of Mars	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation	publisher	John Churchill
Shadow of the Colossus	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Lotus	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Duke Mathematical Journal	publisher	Duke University Press
State of Emergency	publisher	Rockstar Games
Turnabout	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Kajika	publisher	Shueisha
S.D.I.	publisher	Cinemaware
The Movies	publisher	Activision
The Movies	publisher	Sega
The Movies	publisher	Feral Interactive
Rainbow Valley	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Kirby: Canvas Curse	publisher	Nintendo
Zen at War	publisher	Lanham, Md. : Rowman & Littlefield Publishers
Slander: Liberal Lies About the American Right	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Harvey Girls	publisher	Random House
Corsaren	publisher	Meïr Aron Goldschmidt
Stargoose	publisher	Logotron
The Artemis Fowl Files	publisher	Hyperion
The Bluest Eye	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Zero Hour: Crisis in Time	publisher	DC Comics
Escape	publisher	Titan Books
Shrine of the Morning Mist	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
The Ark	publisher	Target Books
Tiger Eyes	publisher	Bradbury Press
Knowledge of Angels	publisher	Houghton Mifflin /Colt Books
The Mammoth Hunters	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Striker	publisher	Rage Software
Eine Billion Dollar	publisher	Lübbe
Fooblitzky	publisher	Infocom
Transarctica	publisher	Silmarils
Madden NFL 06	publisher	EA Sports
Leather Goddesses of Phobos 2: Gas Pump Girls Meet the Pulsating Inconvenience from Planet X!	publisher	Activision
Intermere	publisher	The XX. Century Pub. Co
Mister God, This Is Anna	publisher	William Collins
Heroes of Might and Magic IV	publisher	The 3DO Company
The 11th Hour	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Identity	publisher	HarperCollins
Identity	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Time Meddler	publisher	Target Books
Galaxy 4	publisher	Target Books
The Plains of Passage	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Three Uses of the Knife	publisher	Columbia University Press
The Shelters of Stone	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Woken Furies	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Hi-Octane	publisher	Electronic Arts
Escape from Kathmandu	publisher	Tor Books
Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon	publisher	Konami
The Great Train Robbery	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Electronic Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Haunting Ground	publisher	Capcom
Fantastic Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Random Hearts	publisher	Stonehouse
Forza Motorsport	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Circuit's Edge	publisher	Infocom
The Unadulterated Cat	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Unadulterated Cat	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Die Hard Arcade	publisher	Sega
New Super Mario Bros.	publisher	Nintendo
Pacific General	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Pacific General	publisher	GOG Ltd
Nucleic Acids Research	publisher	Oxford University Press
Spelljammer: Pirates of Realmspace	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Shampoo Planet	publisher	Pocket Books
An American Dream	publisher	Dial Press
Notes from a Big Country	publisher	Transworld
Lure of the Temptress	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Last of the Masters	publisher	Hanro Corporation
Black Orchid	publisher	Target Books
SimsVille	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pro Wrestling Illustrated	publisher	Kappa Publishing Group
Modern Fix	publisher	Drone Inc
Streets of Rage 3	publisher	Sega
The Myth Makers	publisher	Target Books
The Family from One End Street	publisher	Frederick Muller
A Midsummer Night's Gene	publisher	Legend
The Savage Nation	publisher	WND Books
Jak X: Combat Racing	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Sleeping Dogs	publisher	Viking Press
Of a Boy	publisher	Viking Press
Cold Sassy Tree	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
Voyage in the Dark	publisher	Constable Press
Coming to Power	publisher	Samois
The Secret Life of a Satanist	publisher	Feral House
Slut Girl	publisher	Fujimi Shuppan
The Story of Doctor Dolittle	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Absolute Friends	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Washington's Crossing	publisher	Oxford University Press
We All Fall Down	publisher	Delacorte Press
Box Office Poison	publisher	Antarctic Press
Box Office Poison	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
The Glass Lake	publisher	Orion Publishing
Shiloh	publisher	Atheneum Books
Sharpe's Regiment	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Consider the Lobster	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Witchaven II: Blood Vengeance	publisher	IntraCorp
Team Fortress 2	publisher	Valve Corporation
Among the Hidden	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
One-pound Gospel	publisher	Shogakukan
Moon Tiger	publisher	André Deutsch
Age of Bronze	publisher	Image Comics
Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade	publisher	The 3DO Company
The Abominable Snowmen	publisher	Target Books
Coins in the Fountain	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Grandia: Parallel Trippers	publisher	Hudson Soft
Anything That Moves	publisher	Bay Area Bisexual Network
Bio F.R.E.A.K.S.	publisher	Midway Games
Grandia: Digital Museum	publisher	Entertainment Software Publishing
Snow Falling on Cedars	publisher	Harcourt
Ultimate Marvel Team-Up	publisher	Marvel Comics
October Sky	publisher	Delacorte Press
JLA: Earth 2	publisher	DC Comics
Kinetica	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Pale View of Hills	publisher	Faber and Faber
Adventure Island	publisher	Hudson Soft
Adventure Island	publisher	CoroCoro Comic
SSX on Tour	publisher	EA Sports Big
Pretty Face	publisher	Shueisha
Brooklyn Brewery	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Donkey Kong Jr. Math	publisher	Nintendo
SolarStriker	publisher	Nintendo
Showdown	publisher	Invincible Press
Star Wars: Rebellion	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith	publisher	Ubisoft
Doctor Dolittle's Garden	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Doctor Dolittle's Zoo	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Doctor Dolittle in the Moon	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Beautiful and Damned	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
20th Century Boys	publisher	Shogakukan
Chameleon Twist 2	publisher	Sunsoft
The Power of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Shadowpact	publisher	DC Comics
Batman: The Long Halloween	publisher	DC Comics
The Moonbase	publisher	Target Books
Kannazuki no Miko	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Good War	publisher	Pantheon Books
Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising	publisher	Codemasters
The Moving Target	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Exiles	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Wings of Fire	publisher	Universities Press
The Tao of Programming	publisher	InfoBooks
Nobody's Buddy	publisher	Goldsmith Publishing
Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones	publisher	Ubisoft
Star Ocean: Blue Sphere	publisher	Enix
Silent Hunter III	publisher	Ubisoft
The Massacre of St Bartholomew's Eve	publisher	Target Books
The Celestial Toymaker	publisher	Target Books
The Gunfighters	publisher	Target Books
The Men in Black	publisher	Aircel Comics
The Men in Black	publisher	Malibu Comics
The Men in Black	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber	publisher	Ming Pao
The Smugglers	publisher	Target Books
The Savages	publisher	Target Books
Doctor Dolittle's Return	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Dead Man's Folly	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Modern Railways	publisher	Key Publishing Ltd
The Last Days of Pompeii	publisher	Richard Bentley
Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Heroes of Might and Magic II	publisher	The 3DO Company
Rebelstar	publisher	Firebird Software
Rebelstar	publisher	Silverbird Software
Dragon Force	publisher	Sega
Cold Winter	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
The Oaken Throne	publisher	Hodder Wayland
Today's Chinese Version	publisher	United Bible Societies
Today's Chinese Version	publisher	Amity Foundation, Nanjing
Life and Death in Shanghai	publisher	Grove Press
Life and Death in Shanghai	publisher	Penguin Books
High Rhulain	publisher	Puffin  & Philomel
Gokusen	publisher	Shueisha
The Longest Journey	publisher	Blackwood
Tony Hawk's American Wasteland	publisher	Activision
The Company of Women	publisher	Viking Press
The Drowning Pool	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Onion Field	publisher	Delacorte Press
Homeward Bound	publisher	Del Rey Books
Hades Project Zeorymer	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Gals!	publisher	Shueisha
Justice League Task Force	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Simon the Sorcerer II: The Lion, the Wizard and the Wardrobe	publisher	Adventure Soft
Breaking Open the Head	publisher	Broadway Books
Dark Sector	publisher	D3 Publisher
Dark Sector	publisher	Aspyr
Nature Reviews Neuroscience	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Far Pavilions	publisher	Viking Press
Xargon	publisher	Epic MegaGames
The Prehistory of The Far Side	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing, LLC
Hunters of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
Unreal Tournament 3	publisher	Midway Games
Pac 'n Roll	publisher	Namco
Sandworms of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
YM	publisher	Gruner + Jahr
YM	publisher	Conde Nast Publications
The Known World	publisher	HarperCollins
Manhunter	publisher	DC Comics
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc	publisher	Harper & Brothers
My Man Jeeves	publisher	George Newnes
The Inimitable Jeeves	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Mission of Gravity	publisher	Doubleday
Hairstyles	publisher	Ediciones Prensa y Video, Barcelona
China Press	publisher	Tun Henry Lee Hau Shik
Archangel	publisher	Ace Books
Pac-Man Fever	publisher	Namco
Fullmetal Alchemist: Dual Sympathy	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Fullmetal Alchemist: Dual Sympathy	publisher	Destineer
King's Quest I	publisher	IBM, Sierra On-Line
King's Quest I	publisher	Parker Brothers
King's Quest II	publisher	Sierra On-Line
King's Quest III	publisher	Sierra On-Line
King's Quest IV	publisher	Sierra On-Line
King's Quest V	publisher	Sierra On-Line
King's Quest V	publisher	Konami
King's Quest VI	publisher	Sierra On-Line
King's Quest VII	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Pulse	publisher	Marvel Comics
Rise of Nations: Rise of Legends	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Dalek Attack	publisher	Admiral Software
Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Paranoia Agent	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Ribbajack	publisher	Penguin Group
The Terminal Experiment	publisher	Harper Prism
Coming of Age in Samoa	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Monster Manual III	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Sims 2: Nightlife	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims 2: Nightlife	publisher	Aspyr
Dungeon Master's Guide II	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Remembering Babylon	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Remembering Babylon	publisher	Random House
Linus Spacehead's Cosmic Crusade	publisher	Camerica
Linus Spacehead's Cosmic Crusade	publisher	Codemasters
Monster Rancher	publisher	Tecmo
Alien Nine	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Three-Arched Bridge	publisher	Skyhorse Publisher
Fringeworthy	publisher	Tri Tac Games
FTL:2448	publisher	Tri Tac Games
Micro Maniacs	publisher	Fox Kids
Micro Maniacs	publisher	THQ
Blood and Gold	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Incursion	publisher	Tri Tac Games
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science	publisher	Dover Publications
Arch Rivals	publisher	Midway
Arch Rivals	publisher	Acclaim
Now We Are Six	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Summoner	publisher	THQ
Summoner	publisher	Nordic Games GmbH
The Lonely Doll	publisher	Doubleday
Organic Syntheses	publisher	Organic Syntheses, Inc., John Wiley & Sons
Phantasmagoria	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin	publisher	Buisson, Paris
The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin	publisher	J. Parson's, London
The News	publisher	Johnston Press
Cry, the Beloved Country	publisher	Scribners
Cry, the Beloved Country	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Di Gi Charat	publisher	Broccoli Books
Di Gi Charat	publisher	Akita Shoten
Di Gi Charat	publisher	SB Creative
Utopia	publisher	Mattel
Gears of War	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Air Master	publisher	Hakusensha
Roman Blood	publisher	Minotaur Books
Kallocain	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
The Three Stooges	publisher	Cinemaware
Lost Odyssey	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Lords of the Rising Sun	publisher	Cinemaware
The War Against the Chtorr	publisher	Timescape Books, et al.
The War of the Flowers	publisher	DAW Books
The Snow Queen	publisher	Dial Press
Project Gotham Racing 3	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Starslayer	publisher	Pacific Comics
Starslayer	publisher	First Comics
Scout	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Super Punch-Out!!	publisher	Nintendo
Lost in the Funhouse	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Virtua Fighter 2	publisher	Sega
Virtua Fighter Kids	publisher	Sega
Cakes and Ale	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd. ; Garden City Publishing Company, Inc.
The Trumpet of the Swan	publisher	Harper & Row
The Trumpet of the Swan	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Beyond Oasis	publisher	Sega
NHL 2004	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 2005	publisher	EA Sports
Theory of Colours	publisher	John Murray
Compute!'s Gazette	publisher	Small System Services
Compute!'s Gazette	publisher	ABC Publishing
Mankind Quarterly	publisher	Council for Social and Economic Studies
Mankind Quarterly	publisher	Ulster Institute for Social Research
Warriors	publisher	HarperCollins and TOKYOPOP
Intelligence	publisher	Elsevier
Rampage World Tour	publisher	Midway Games
Rampage World Tour	publisher	GT Interactive
Invitation to the Game	publisher	HarperCollins
Dead Inside	publisher	Atomic Sock Monkey Press
Dungeon Lords	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Dungeon Lords	publisher	FX Interactive
Dungeon Lords	publisher	Crimson Cow
Dungeon Lords	publisher	1C Company
Dungeon Lords	publisher	Typhoon Games
Dream Police	publisher	Marvel Comics
Super Off Road	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Napalm and Silly Putty	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Source of Magic	publisher	Del Rey Books
Castle Roogna	publisher	Del Rey Books
Night Mare	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Color of Her Panties	publisher	Avon Books
Question Quest	publisher	Avon Books
This Is Blythe	publisher	Chronicle Books
Terra Obscura	publisher	America's Best Comics
Atonement	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Chris Crawford on Game Design	publisher	Peachpit
Spoon River Anthology	publisher	William Marion Reedy
Spoon River Anthology	publisher	Macmillan & Co.
SimTunes	publisher	Maxis
The Way Some People Die	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
50 Cent: Bulletproof	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
50 Cent: Bulletproof	publisher	Vivendi Games
Hellgate: London	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Hellgate: London	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Tower Treasure	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Super Soccer	publisher	Human Entertainment
Tecmo Super NBA Basketball	publisher	Tecmo
Advent Shadow	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Advent Rising	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Metroid Prime Pinball	publisher	Nintendo
Swords of Xeen	publisher	New World Computing
H.E.R.O.	publisher	Activision
X: Beyond the Frontier	publisher	THQ
X: Beyond the Frontier	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
X2: The Threat	publisher	Virtual Programming
X2: The Threat	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories	publisher	Rockstar Games
Foreign Affairs	publisher	Random House
Rabbit at Rest	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Rabbit Is Rich	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Edge of Sadness	publisher	Little, Brown
Car Craft	publisher	TEN: The Enthusiast Network
They Stole a Million	publisher	39
Alan Wake	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Who Killed Palomino Molero%3F	publisher	Seix Barral
The Scions of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
Frontier: First Encounters	publisher	GameTek
Frontier: First Encounters	publisher	Konami
Elite: Dangerous	publisher	Frontier Developments
Nothing's Sacred	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Carry On, Jeeves	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
The Oregon Journal	publisher	Charles Samuel Jackson
The Oregon Journal	publisher	Philip L. Jackson;
The Oregon Journal	publisher	William W. Knight
A Maggot	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Colorado Kid	publisher	Hard Case Crime
Bag of Bones	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
4x4 Evolution	publisher	Gathering of Developers
MVP Baseball 2005	publisher	Electronic Arts
Deep Duck Trouble Starring Donald Duck	publisher	Sega
Axis & Allies: D-Day	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
F355 Challenge	publisher	Sega
F355 Challenge	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
F355 Challenge	publisher	Sony
Ratchet: Deadlocked	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Matrix: Path of Neo	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Destiny of the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Diplomacy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Why I Am Not a Muslim	publisher	Prometheus Books
Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time	publisher	Nintendo
Lord of the World	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Bring the Jubilee	publisher	Ballantine Books
Metroid Prime 3: Corruption	publisher	Nintendo
Divine Right's Trip	publisher	Dial Press
Fighting Vipers	publisher	Sega
Unintended Consequences	publisher	Accurate Press
The Lexus and the Olive Tree	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Cave Story	publisher	Studio Pixel
Cave Story	publisher	Nicalis
Cave Story	publisher	NIS America
Freakonomics	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Stray	publisher	Walker Books
London Fields	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Iron Storm	publisher	Sega
Iron Storm	publisher	Working Designs
Panyo Panyo Di Gi Charat	publisher	Shogakukan
Gods and Generals	publisher	Activision
The Call of Earth	publisher	Tor Books
Player Manager	publisher	Anco Software
Mario Kart Arcade GP	publisher	Nintendo
The Talisman	publisher	Viking Press
The Talisman	publisher	Archibald Constable
To See Every Bird on Earth	publisher	Penguin Group
The Good Apprentice	publisher	Chatto & Windus
1602: New World	publisher	Marvel Comics
Nth Man: The Ultimate Ninja	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mario Party 7	publisher	Nintendo
Ultimate Soccer	publisher	Sega
The Ring of Charon	publisher	Tor Books
Attack of the Mutant Camels	publisher	Llamasoft
Faith of the Fallen	publisher	Tor Books
Sega Rally 2	publisher	Sega
When She Was Good	publisher	Random House
Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Command & Conquer: Generals – Zero Hour	publisher	EA Games
Command & Conquer: Generals – Zero Hour	publisher	MacSoft
Command & Conquer: Generals – Zero Hour	publisher	Aspyr Media
Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood	publisher	Ubisoft, Gameloft
Frogs and Flies	publisher	Mattel
The Mark on the Door	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Mole Mania	publisher	Nintendo
Day of Vengeance	publisher	DC Comics
30 Years of Adventure	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Resistance: Fall of Man	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Mega Man	publisher	Capcom
Command & Conquer: Red Alert	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Command & Conquer: Red Alert	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Galactic Empire	publisher	Brøderbund
Tekken 6	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Command & Conquer: Generals	publisher	EA Games
Command & Conquer: Generals	publisher	Aspyr Media
Theocracy	publisher	Ubisoft
The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism	publisher	Profile Books
The Village of Stepanchikovo	publisher	The Russian Messenger
The Man in the Brown Suit	publisher	Bodley Head
FIFA 06	publisher	Electronic Arts
Something Rotten	publisher	Viking Press
Our Common Future	publisher	Oxford University Press
A Thousand Acres	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Mega Man V	publisher	Capcom
Voyeur	publisher	Philips Interactive Media
Voyeur	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Voyeur	publisher	MacPlay
Voyeur	publisher	Philips Media
SkyRoads	publisher	Creative Dimensions
Tir Na Nog	publisher	Gargoyle Games
Lost in Blue	publisher	Konami
Sarajevo Tango	publisher	Dupuis
World Cup USA '94	publisher	U.S. Gold
Last Guardian of Everness	publisher	Tor Books
Death to the Daleks	publisher	Target Books
Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
8 Man	publisher	Kodansha
8 Man	publisher	Kodansha
Metal Gear Acid 2	publisher	Konami
Little Nemo: The Dream Master	publisher	Capcom
Petit Robert	publisher	Dictionnaires Le Robert
Ham on Rye	publisher	Black Sparrow Books
Tails Adventure	publisher	Sega
Tails' Skypatrol	publisher	Sega
The Thief's Journal	publisher	Gallimard , Grove Press
Prisoners of Power	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Drowned Ammet	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas	publisher	Oxford University Press
Gorgo	publisher	Charlton Comics
Emperor of the Fading Suns	publisher	SegaSoft
3D Tetris	publisher	Nintendo
Shatter	publisher	First Comics
The Violent Bear It Away	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Super Mario Strikers	publisher	Nintendo
Capcom's Gold Medal Challenge '92	publisher	Capcom
Salad Days	publisher	Shogakukan
Monopoly Tycoon	publisher	Infogrames
Emperor: Battle for Dune	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Ghost in the Machine	publisher	Hutchinson
The Ghost in the Machine	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Dino Crisis 2	publisher	Capcom
Silverthorn	publisher	Doubleday
A Happy Death	publisher	French: Gallimard
A Happy Death	publisher	English: Knopf
Sorcerer Hunters	publisher	MediaWorks
Putty	publisher	System 3, U.S. Gold Ltd., Varie
National Journal	publisher	Atlantic Media Company
Digimon World	publisher	Bandai
The Trouble with Islam Today	publisher	Vintage Canada
Strawberry 100%25	publisher	Shueisha
Shamus	publisher	Synapse Software
Anita and Me	publisher	New Press
Sleep It Off Lady	publisher	André Deutsch
Sleep It Off Lady	publisher	Harper & Row
The Island of the Day Before	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Island of the Day Before	publisher	Harcourt
Emma	publisher	Enterbrain
The Wind Singer	publisher	Hyperion Books
Slaves of the Mastery	publisher	Independent Publishers Group
Firesong	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Darth Maul: Saboteur	publisher	Del Rey Books
Everybody's All-American	publisher	Viking Press
Plaque Attack	publisher	Activision
SOCOM 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Golf	publisher	Atari
Cool Spot	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Monkey	publisher	Allen and Unwin
Dying Inside	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
My Secret Garden	publisher	Trident Press
Crash Nitro Kart	publisher	Vivendi Games
Crash Nitro Kart	publisher	Konami
Crash Nitro Kart	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
NASCAR Thunder 2004	publisher	EA Sports
Rock 'n' Roll	publisher	Rainbow Arts
NASCAR: Dirt to Daytona	publisher	Infogrames
Magic Pockets	publisher	Renegade Software
Desolation Angels	publisher	Coward-McCann, Inc
The Peaceable Kingdom: An American Saga	publisher	McClelland and Stewart Ltd.
The Great War: American Front	publisher	Del Rey Books
Decisive Battles of WWII: Korsun Pocket	publisher	Matrix Games
Keystone Kapers	publisher	Activision
Psycho Pinball	publisher	Codemasters
Deathtrap Dungeon	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Nature Reviews Clinical Oncology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Nature Reviews Cardiology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Nature Reviews Urology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Cosmic Trigger I: The Final Secret of the Illuminati	publisher	Hilaritas Press
Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Science & Society	publisher	Guilford Press
The Science of Life	publisher	Cassels ; Nelson Doubleday
Mists of Everness	publisher	Tor Books
Kotoba no Puzzle: Mojipittan	publisher	Namco
Kotoba no Puzzle: Mojipittan	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Deutsches Requiem	publisher	Sur
Perfect Circle	publisher	Small Beer Press
Breathing Lessons	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
High Crimes and Misdemeanors: The Case Against Bill Clinton	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Marianne Dreams	publisher	Faber and Faber
How to Talk to a Liberal	publisher	Crown Forum
Sopwith	publisher	BMB Compuscience
The Rum Diary	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Rum Diary	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing Plc
Kushiel's Dart	publisher	Tor Books
Yu Yu Hakusho: Spirit Detective	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Treason: Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Jeeves in the Offing	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Jeeves in the Offing	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
The Diviners	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Ultima: Worlds of Adventure 2: Martian Dreams	publisher	Origin Systems
Worlds of Ultima: The Savage Empire	publisher	Origin Systems
Worlds of Ultima: The Savage Empire	publisher	Pony Canyon
E-Type	publisher	The Fourth Dimension
Slouching Towards Bethlehem	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Antiquary	publisher	Archibald Constable
The Antiquary	publisher	Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown and Green
Apocalypse	publisher	The Fourth Dimension
Mad TV	publisher	Rainbow Arts
The Eagle of the Ninth	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Lantern Bearers	publisher	Oxford University Press
Ship of Fools	publisher	Little, Brown
Warhawk	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Operation: Desert Storm	publisher	Bungie Software
IEEE Spectrum	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Lula	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Lula	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Ashen	publisher	Nokia
Hot Shots Golf Fore!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
True Swing Golf	publisher	Nintendo
Viewtiful Joe: Double Trouble!	publisher	Capcom
Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios	publisher	Knopf Canada
Twinworld	publisher	Ubi Soft
Jutarnji list	publisher	Europapress Holding
Dirty White Boys	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Rise of the West	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Silent Hill 2	publisher	Konami
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Jungle Storm	publisher	Ubisoft
Syphon Filter 2	publisher	989
Syphon Filter: The Omega Strain	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
GetBackers	publisher	Kodansha
Saint Tail	publisher	Kodansha
Dance 86.4 Funky Radio Station	publisher	Konami
NFL Blitz	publisher	Midway Games
NBA Showtime: NBA on NBC	publisher	Midway
GURPS Black Ops	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Colony in Space	publisher	Target Books
Huxley	publisher	Webzen Games Inc.
Huxley	publisher	NHN Corporation
England, Their England	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
All Select Comics	publisher	Timely Comics
The Seven Storey Mountain	publisher	Harcourt Brace
21 Down	publisher	WildStorm
Alien Encounters	publisher	FantaCo Enterprises
Alien Encounters	publisher	Eclipse Comics
All-Star Western	publisher	DC Comics
Dragon Quest Heroes: Rocket Slime	publisher	Square Enix
Bloom	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ace Lightning	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Elbow Room	publisher	Little, Brown
The Stories of John Cheever	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ninja High School	publisher	Eternity Comics
Ninja High School	publisher	Antarctic Press
The Haunting of Hill House	publisher	The Viking Press
Aliens versus Predator versus The Terminator	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Hitler's Pope	publisher	Viking Press
Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Last Himalayan Kingdom	publisher	Friendly Planet
Apeiron	publisher	Ambrosia Software
The New York Times Magazine	publisher	Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr.
Teenagers from Outer Space	publisher	R. Talsorian Games
Man's Fate	publisher	H. Smith and R. Haas
Star Wars: Battlefront II	publisher	LucasArts
Bellarion the Fortunate	publisher	Hutchinson, also Houghton Mifflin
The Curse of Chalion	publisher	Eos
The Design Revolution	publisher	InterVarsity Press
Sacred	publisher	Encore
Sacred	publisher	Koch Media
Sacred	publisher	Red Ant Enterprises
Sacred	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Dear Boys	publisher	Kodansha
Birthday Letters	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Inner Circle	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
The Bookseller of Kabul	publisher	Virago Press
Wedding Peach	publisher	Shogakukan
The Garden of God	publisher	Hutchinson
The Inner Circle	publisher	Viking Press
The Myth of Islamic Tolerance	publisher	Prometheus Books
Fighting Force	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Fighting Force	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Metal Slug 4	publisher	SNK Playmore
Metal Slug 4	publisher	Noise Factory
Captain Comic II: Fractured Reality	publisher	ComputerEasy
Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones	publisher	Nintendo
Dead Rising	publisher	Capcom
Headhunter	publisher	Sega
Dragon Wars	publisher	Activision
Virtual Kasparov	publisher	Titus Software
Belle et Sébastien	publisher	Hachette
The Blue Lagoon	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Makai Kingdom: Chronicles of the Sacred Tome	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Makai Kingdom: Chronicles of the Sacred Tome	publisher	Koei
Goemon's Great Adventure	publisher	Konami
First They Killed My Father	publisher	HarperCollins
Midway Arcade Treasures 3	publisher	Midway
Leaving Islam	publisher	Prometheus Books
Angel Cop	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Basket Case	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Basket Case	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ocean Waves	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Ocean Waves	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
United States Statutes at Large	publisher	Office of the Federal Register
Islam and Dhimmitude: Where Civilizations Collide	publisher	Fairleigh Dickinson University Press
Justice League Elite	publisher	DC Comics
IEEE Transactions on Information Theory	publisher	IEEE Information Theory Society
Flimbo's Quest	publisher	System 3
Switch Bitch	publisher	Michael Joseph
E's	publisher	Square Enix
The King of Chicago	publisher	Cinemaware
The King of Chicago	publisher	Mindscape
White Niggers of America	publisher	Editions Parti pris
White Niggers of America	publisher	Monthly Review Press, and McClelland and Stewart
Contract J.A.C.K.	publisher	Vivendi Games
Pac-Attack	publisher	Namco
Specter of the Past	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Why Not Me%3F	publisher	Delacorte Press
Amped 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Vision of the Future	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Kingmaker	publisher	PhilMar Ltd.
Kingmaker	publisher	Avalon Hill
Kingmaker	publisher	TM Games
The Tower of Druaga	publisher	Namco
Evil Dead: Regeneration	publisher	THQ
Wizkid	publisher	Ocean Software
Outlaw Golf	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Outlaw Golf	publisher	Global Star Software
Vivian Grey	publisher	Henry Colburn
Super Sidekicks	publisher	SNK
Skool Daze	publisher	Microsphere
Najica Blitz Tactics	publisher	Media Factory
The Nightmare Before Christmas: Oogie's Revenge	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day!	publisher	Nintendo
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney	publisher	Capcom
Bloodsucking Fiends	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tietam Brown	publisher	Jonathan Cape UK, Alfred A. Knopf US
Dengeki Comic Gao!	publisher	MediaWorks
Dengeki Daioh	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Petite Princess Yucie	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Popils	publisher	Tengen
Winning the Future	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Rainbow Prelude	publisher	Kobunsha
Rainbow Prelude	publisher	Kodansha
Rainbow Prelude	publisher	Shogakukan
Sneakers	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Nowhere Man	publisher	Nan A. Talese
Joust 2: Survival of the Fittest	publisher	Williams Electronics
Pogo Joe	publisher	Screenplay
The Weight of Water	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus	publisher	Tor Books
Empire	publisher	Random House
Flaubert's Parrot	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Killing Hope	publisher	Common Courage Press
Beyond Dark Castle	publisher	Silicon Beach Software
The Baby Squad	publisher	Pocket Star Books
3D Crazy Coaster	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Lucky	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Mega Man	publisher	U.S. Gold
A Haunted House and Other Short Stories	publisher	Hogarth Press
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Episode Zero	publisher	Gakken
FIFA Street	publisher	Electronic Arts
Multiple Personality Detective Psycho	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Asterix and the Great Rescue	publisher	Sega
Super Columns	publisher	Sega
Keith Courage in Alpha Zones	publisher	Hudson Soft
Keith Courage in Alpha Zones	publisher	NEC
Food Force	publisher	United Nations World Food Programme
Masters of Doom	publisher	Random House
Masters of Doom	publisher	Audiobooks.com
Replay	publisher	Arbor House
Going Solo	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Merrick	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Scrapland	publisher	Enlight Software
Scrapland	publisher	Deep Silver
Lipstick Jihad	publisher	PublicAffairs
The Tao of Zen	publisher	Charles E. Tuttle Company
Our Gang	publisher	Random House
Lipstick Jungle	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Desert Speedtrap	publisher	Sega
The World Is Flat	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Verdict of Twelve	publisher	Doubleday
Ufouria: The Saga	publisher	Sunsoft
Book of Exalted Deeds	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Abraham in History and Tradition	publisher	Yale University Press
Disclosure	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
My Many Colored Days	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Book of the New Sun	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Book of the New Sun	publisher	Orb / Tor Books
Bernie Wrightson's Frankenstein	publisher	Marvel Comics
Rising Stars	publisher	Joe's Comics
Guy Mannering	publisher	Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown, London; and Archibald Constable and Co. Edinburgh
Chibi-Robo!	publisher	Nintendo
Universal Combat	publisher	3000
The Simpsons: Bart vs. the Space Mutants	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Simpsons: Bart vs. the Space Mutants	publisher	Ocean Software
The Simpsons: Bart vs. the Space Mutants	publisher	Flying Edge
The Simpsons: Bart's House of Weirdness	publisher	Konami
Virtual Bart	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Krusty's Fun House	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Krusty's Fun House	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Night of Knives	publisher	Bantam Books
Night of Knives	publisher	Tor Books
Minty Alley	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Armed and Dangerous	publisher	LucasArts
Armed and Dangerous	publisher	Activision
Ghost Soldiers	publisher	Anchor Books
Doom 64	publisher	Midway Games
He Is My Master	publisher	Square Enix
Paganitzu	publisher	3D Realms
Heroes of Might and Magic: Quest for the Dragon Bone Staff	publisher	The 3DO Company
Hard Time	publisher	DC Comics
Railway Digest	publisher	Australian Railway Historical Society
The Further Adventures of The Joker	publisher	Bantam Books
Traffic Department 2192	publisher	Safari Software
Strange News from Another Star	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Thomas	publisher	Hodder Wayland
Fleabee's Fortune	publisher	Hodder Headline
Mount & Blade	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Dark Portal	publisher	Hodder Wayland
The Crystal Prison	publisher	Hodder Wayland
The Final Reckoning	publisher	Hodder Wayland
Inside, Outside	publisher	Little Brown & Co
The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer	publisher	Open Court Publishing Company
Filth	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Filth	publisher	W. W. Norton
A Game of Thrones	publisher	Guardians of Order
Streets of Rage 2	publisher	Sega
Scarlett	publisher	Warner Books
Street Corner Society	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords	publisher	Stardock
Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Deterring Democracy	publisher	Verso Books
Guess What%3F	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
The Boy Who Lost His Face	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Little Drummer Girl	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Little Drummer Girl	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Will Warburton	publisher	Archibald Constable & Co.
Ministry of Space	publisher	Image Comics
Jedi Search	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Shining Force II	publisher	Sega
Buck Bumble	publisher	Ubisoft
Tiger	publisher	IPC Media
Tiger	publisher	Fleetway
A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy	publisher	T. Becket and P. A. De Hondt
Tikal	publisher	Ravensburger
Tikal	publisher	Rio Grande Games
The Dancers at the End of Time	publisher	Panther
The Dancers at the End of Time	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
The Dancers at the End of Time	publisher	Harper & Row
The Dancers at the End of Time	publisher	W. H. Allen Ltd
The Dancers at the End of Time	publisher	Ace Books
Homunculus	publisher	Shogakukan
SimSafari	publisher	Electronic Arts
Grass	publisher	Euro Games
Grass	publisher	Ventura International
Nurse Witch Komugi	publisher	Hakusensha
Dark Apprentice	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The King's Demons	publisher	Target Books
Dragon Rider	publisher	Dressler
Rune Soldier	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism	publisher	HarperCollins, Macmillan Children's Books
High School Girls	publisher	Futabasha
Barrel Fever	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Jets'n'Guns	publisher	Rake In Grass , Reflexive Entertainment and Stardock
Jets'n'Guns	publisher	Soft-World International Corporation, Win)
Jets'n'Guns	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
The Quest of Ki	publisher	Namco
Moto Racer	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Deptford Mice Almanack	publisher	Macdonald Young Books
The White Company	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The White Company	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Alan Moore's Hypothetical Lizard	publisher	Avatar Press
Confessions of an Advertising Man	publisher	Atheneum
School Library Journal	publisher	Media Source Inc.
The Krotons	publisher	Target Books
The Ties That Bind	publisher	Spengler
The Ties That Bind	publisher	J'ai lu
The Ties That Bind	publisher	Scholastic Press
Bomberman Max 2	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bomberman Max 2	publisher	Majesco Games
Bomberman Max 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Ring of Fire	publisher	Baen Books
American Caesar	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Dominion Wars	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Inequality Reexamined	publisher	Harvard University Press
Warcraft: Lord of the Clans	publisher	Pocket Books
Warcraft: Day of the Dragon	publisher	Pocket Books
Eden's Bowy	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Paul Mooney	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Dinosaur in a Haystack	publisher	Harmony Books
New Mobile Report Gundam Wing Dual Story: G-Unit	publisher	Kodansha
The Story of the Amulet	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Heroes	publisher	Puffin Books
Zaynab	publisher	Haykal
Flora Europaea	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Tramp Royale	publisher	Ace Books
The Little Sister	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Little Sister	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Parineeta	publisher	Roy M. C. Sarkar Bahadur & Sons
Batman: The Man Who Laughs	publisher	DC Comics
Gourmet	publisher	Earle R. MacAusland
Gourmet	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
The Power of Shazam!	publisher	DC Comics
Penny Racers	publisher	THQ
The Dirty Pair	publisher	Eclipse Comics
The Dirty Pair	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Dirty Pair	publisher	Manga Publishing \nSemic Comics
Notes on the Synthesis of Form	publisher	Harvard University Press
The New Hampshire Gazette	publisher	Steven Fowle, Editor in Chief
The Bizarre Adventures of Woodruff and the Schnibble	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw	publisher	THQ
WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw	publisher	Yuke's
Sylvie and Bruno	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Raise the Titanic!	publisher	Viking Press
Bush at War	publisher	Simon & Schuster
DK King of Swing	publisher	Nintendo
Lords of the Realm III	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Galaxy Fight: Universal Warriors	publisher	SNK Playmore
Galaxy Fight: Universal Warriors	publisher	Sunsoft
Berner Zeitung	publisher	Charles von Graffenried
Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor	publisher	Pocket Books
Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health	publisher	Hermitage House
Warcraft: The Last Guardian	publisher	Pocket Books
General Chaos	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mario Golf: Advance Tour	publisher	Nintendo
La Opinión	publisher	Monica C. Lozano
Tecmo's Deception: Invitation to Darkness	publisher	Tecmo
Kessen	publisher	Koei
Kessen	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Occidental Quarterly	publisher	Charles Martel Society
SimIsle: Missions in the Rainforest	publisher	Maxis
The Simpsons: Bart & the Beanstalk	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Simpsons: Cartoon Studio	publisher	Fox Interactive
D4 Princess	publisher	MediaWorks
The Simpsons: Virtual Springfield	publisher	Fox Interactive
The Simpsons: Night of the Living Treehouse of Horror	publisher	THQ
The Simpsons Skateboarding	publisher	Electronic Arts
My Belief: Essays on Life and Art	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Knights and Merchants: The Shattered Kingdom	publisher	(Windows:)Linux:
Knights and Merchants: The Shattered Kingdom	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Mace: The Dark Age	publisher	Midway Games
Tom's Midnight Garden	publisher	Oxford University Press
Plum Bun	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Amazing Spider-Man vs. The Kingpin	publisher	Sega
Double Switch	publisher	Sega
Double Switch	publisher	Digital Pictures
Mansion of Hidden Souls	publisher	Sega
Mansion of Hidden Souls	publisher	Vic Tokai
Rise of the Dragon	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Tomcat Alley	publisher	Sega
Ground Zero: Texas	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
A Stone for Danny Fisher	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
NHL Eastside Hockey Manager	publisher	Sega
Superfudge	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Paragon Software
Dark Seed	publisher	Amiga
Dark Seed	publisher	DOS, Amiga CD32 & Macintosh
Dark Seed	publisher	Cyberdreams
Dark Seed	publisher	Sega Saturn & PlayStation
Dark Seed	publisher	Gaga
The Lonely Silver Rain	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Def Jam: Fight for NY	publisher	Electronic Arts
Beyblade Trading Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
The Lost Symbol	publisher	Doubleday Publishing Group
The Lost Symbol	publisher	Transworld
Independence War 2: Edge of Chaos	publisher	Infogrames
I-War	publisher	Infogrames
Toxic!	publisher	Apocalypse Ltd
Point Blank	publisher	Arcade
Point Blank	publisher	Namco
Point Blank	publisher	PlayStation
Point Blank	publisher	Nintendo DS
The Boy Who Kicked Pigs	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Nature of Truth	publisher	Arte Público Press
Namco Museum	publisher	Namco
Namco Museum	publisher	Namco
Namco Museum	publisher	SCEE
Namco Museum	publisher	Namco Ltd.
Namco Museum	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Namco Museum	publisher	Namco Bandai
Seven Samurai 20XX	publisher	Sega Sammy Holdings
Warcraft: War of the Ancients Trilogy	publisher	Pocket Star
Fahrenheit	publisher	Sega
Dracula Unleashed	publisher	Viacom New Media
Power Blade	publisher	Taito
The Color of Water	publisher	Penguin Group
Time's Eye	publisher	Voyager Books
The Enormous Crocodile	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Lords of the Realm II	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Lords of the Realm	publisher	Impressions Games
El-Fish	publisher	Maxis
Soulcalibur III	publisher	Namco
Steep Slope Sliders	publisher	Sega
Steep Slope Sliders	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Steep Slope Sliders	publisher	Capcom
À rebours	publisher	Charpentier
Blitz	publisher	 Commodore
Crush, Crumble and Chomp!	publisher	Epyx
Soldier, Ask Not	publisher	Dell Books
Ancient Law	publisher	John Murray
Cartoon Action Hour	publisher	Spectrum Games
Silpheed	publisher	Game Arts
Silpheed	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Silpheed	publisher	Sega
Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun	publisher	Electronic Arts
Command & Conquer	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Command & Conquer	publisher	Sega
Command & Conquer	publisher	Nintendo
Command & Conquer	publisher	Electronic Arts
Corpse Killer	publisher	Digital Pictures
Eternal Champions: Challenge from the Dark Side	publisher	Sega
Knights of Honor	publisher	Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
Knights of Honor	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Oh, the Places You'll Go!	publisher	Random House
Gridlock	publisher	Sphere Books
Sewer Shark	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Johnno	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Attack of the Zolgear	publisher	Namco
Tuff E Nuff	publisher	Jaleco
Ronin	publisher	DC Comics
American Family Physician	publisher	American Academy of Family Physicians
Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap	publisher	Sega
Astal	publisher	Sega
The Daily Courant	publisher	Elizabeth Mallet
Socrates in Love	publisher	Shogakukan
Ageha100%25	publisher	Shueisha
Wizard	publisher	Electronic Arts
Neutopia	publisher	Hudson Soft
Neutopia	publisher	NEC
The Murder at the Vicarage	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Rodent's Revenge	publisher	Microsoft
Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass	publisher	Walker Publishing Company
Front Office Football	publisher	EA Sports
Washington, D.C.	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
A Legend of Montrose	publisher	Constable & Co Ltd
The Reader	publisher	Vintage International
The Truth About Hillary	publisher	Sentinel HC
Bio Booster Armor Guyver	publisher	Tokuma Shoten ()
Bio Booster Armor Guyver	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten ()
Kinetic	publisher	DC Focus
Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World	publisher	Gravity
Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World	publisher	AsiaSoft
Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World	publisher	Level Up! Games
Marching Through Georgia	publisher	Baen Books
Outbreak	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Blue Monday	publisher	Oni Press
Blue Monday	publisher	Image Comics
Camp Lazlo	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Three Men on the Bummel	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith
BattleTanx: Global Assault	publisher	3
Sad Cypress	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Spellbinders	publisher	Marvel Next
Final Fantasy Legend II	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy Legend II	publisher	Sunsoft
Final Fantasy Legend II	publisher	Square Enix
Final Fantasy Legend III	publisher	Square
The Redeemer	publisher	Warhammer Monthly
Council of Wyrms	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Legend of Dragoon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Vjesnik	publisher	Narodne novine d.d.
Tabula Rasa	publisher	NCsoft
Whiz Comics	publisher	Fawcett Comics
Casino Tycoon	publisher	Monte Cristo and Davilex Games
Lemonade Tycoon	publisher	Airborne
Lemonade Tycoon	publisher	MacPlay
Lemonade Tycoon	publisher	EA Mobile
Lemonade Tycoon	publisher	Broderbund
Little Men	publisher	Roberts Brothers
Medal of Honor: Airborne	publisher	Electronic Arts
By the Sword	publisher	DAW Books
Animal Dreams	publisher	HarperCollins
X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse	publisher	Activision
Age of Conan	publisher	Funcom
Age of Conan	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Lagoon Engine	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Blic	publisher	Ringier
Bonanza Bros.	publisher	Sega
Bonanza Bros.	publisher	U.S. Gold
Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings	publisher	Kodansha
Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Sweet Valerian	publisher	Kodansha
The Simpsons: Bartman Meets Radioactive Man	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
LCD games from The Legend of Zelda series	publisher	Nintendo
LCD games from The Legend of Zelda series	publisher	Nelsonic Industries
LCD games from The Legend of Zelda series	publisher	Epoch Co.
The Truth About Forever	publisher	Viking
Complicity	publisher	Little, Brown
The House on the Cliff	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret of the Old Mill	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Missing Chums	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Shore Road Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Hunting for Hidden Gold	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of Cabin Island	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Footprints Under the Window	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
What Happened at Midnight	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Great Airport Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
While the Clock Ticked	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Hidden Harbor Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Twisted Claw	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Sinister Signpost	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
A Figure in Hiding	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret Warning	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of the Flying Express	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Disappearing Floor	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Broken Blade	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret Panel	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Flickering Torch Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Melted Coins	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Phantom Freighter	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret of the Lost Tunnel	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Wailing Siren Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Sign of the Crooked Arrow	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of the Spiral Bridge	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Viking Symbol Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Haunted Fort	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Screeching Owl	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Mystery of the Desert Giant	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery at Devil's Paw	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of the Chinese Junk	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret of Wildcat Swamp	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret of Pirates' Hill	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue in the Embers	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Hooded Hawk Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Crisscross Shadow	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Yellow Feather Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Masked Monkey	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret Agent on Flight 101	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Arctic Patrol Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Hissing Serpent	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Danger on Vampire Trail	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Shattered Helmet	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mysterious Caravan	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Witchmaster's Key	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Jungle Pyramid	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Sting of the Scorpion	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Firebird Rocket	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Bombay Boomerang	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Princess Daisy	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Princess Daisy	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Brown Journal of World Affairs	publisher	Brown University
The Book of Illusions	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Champions of the Force	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Cart and Cwidder	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Golgotha	publisher	undecided , Red Hat
Weekly Shōnen Magazine	publisher	Kodansha
Rue Morgue	publisher	Rodrigo Gudiño
I-War	publisher	Atari
Namco × Capcom	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Callaloo	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Amidar	publisher	Stern
Amidar	publisher	Olympia
WWE Day of Reckoning 2	publisher	THQ
WWE WrestleMania 21	publisher	THQ
ESPN NBA 2K5	publisher	Sega
Beatmania	publisher	Konami
Destroy All Humans!	publisher	THQ
Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Destruction Derby	publisher	Psygnosis
The Comedians	publisher	Bodley Head
Twisted Metal: Head-On	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Star Wars: Masters of Teräs Käsi	publisher	LucasArts
Spyro: Attack of the Rhynocs	publisher	Universal Interactive
Spyro: Season of Ice	publisher	Universal Interactive
Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly	publisher	Universal Interactive
Spyro 2: Season of Flame	publisher	Universal Interactive
Lux	publisher	Sillysoft Games
Fantastic Mr Fox	publisher	*
Fantastic Mr Fox	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Fantastic Mr Fox	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
Fantastic Mr Fox	publisher	Penguin Books
Stack-Up	publisher	Nintendo
Streets of Laredo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dead Man's Walk	publisher	Simon & Schuster
ARMA: Armed Assault	publisher	505
ARMA: Armed Assault	publisher	Atari
Burst Angel	publisher	MediaWorks
Dungeons & Dragons: Shadow over Mystara	publisher	Capcom
Nintendo Puzzle Collection	publisher	Nintendo
Nosgoth	publisher	Square Enix
A Ring of Endless Light	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Star Wars: X-Wing	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: X-Wing	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Elephants Can Remember	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Tower of Babel	publisher	Microprose Software
New York Daily Mirror	publisher	Hearst Corporation
The Birthday Boys	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Sentinel Worlds I: Future Magic	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Fifth Sacred Thing	publisher	Bantam
The Gate to Women's Country	publisher	Doubleday
Phantasie	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares	publisher	MicroProse
Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares	publisher	MacSoft
The Candidate for Goddess	publisher	Wani Books
The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun	publisher	HarperCollins
The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Psychic Force	publisher	Taito Corporation
Psychic Force	publisher	Acclaim
The Price of Salt	publisher	Coward-McCann
Cosmic Trigger II: Down to Earth	publisher	New Falcon Publications
EcoQuest	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Cosmic Trigger III: My Life After Death	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Libris Mortis	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Walls Came Tumbling Down	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Prometheus Rising	publisher	New Falcon Publications
The Illuminati Papers	publisher	Ronin Publishing
My Father's Glory	publisher	Pastorelly
Sid & Al's Incredible Toons	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Sunstorm	publisher	Del Rey Books
My Father's Dragon	publisher	Random House
Auf Wiedersehen Monty	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
FIFA 97	publisher	Electronic Arts
FIFA 97	publisher	Black Pearl Software
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98	publisher	EA Sports
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98	publisher	THQ
FIFA 2000	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Horns of Nimon	publisher	Target Books
Nightmare of Eden	publisher	Target Books
The Creature from the Pit	publisher	Target Books
Right Where You Are Sitting Now	publisher	Ronin Publishing
The New Inquisition	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Destined to Witness	publisher	W. Morrow
Rayman: Hoodlums' Revenge	publisher	Ubisoft
International Superstar Soccer 64	publisher	Konami
International Superstar Soccer Pro	publisher	Konami
International Superstar Soccer 2	publisher	Konami
ISS Pro Evolution 2	publisher	Konami
International Superstar Soccer Deluxe	publisher	Konami
International Superstar Soccer 3	publisher	Konami
ISS Pro Evolution	publisher	Konami
Resident Evil Survivor	publisher	Capcom
Resident Evil Outbreak	publisher	Capcom
Elmer and the Dragon	publisher	Random House
Resident Evil 5	publisher	Capcom
Madden NFL 99	publisher	EA Sports
Questron	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Madden NFL 2000	publisher	EA Sports
The Dominica Story	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Guwange	publisher	Atlus
Enemy Territory: Quake Wars	publisher	Activision
Enemy Territory: Quake Wars	publisher	Id Software
Kasumi Ninja	publisher	Atari Games
Phantom	publisher	Tor Books
Flying Corps	publisher	Empire Interactive
The Arm of the Starfish	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Redgauntlet	publisher	Archibald Constable
Without Feathers	publisher	Random House
SNK vs. Capcom: The Match of the Millennium	publisher	SNK Playmore
Caesar II	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Kinda	publisher	Target Books
Mao: The Unknown Story	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Mage: The Awakening	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Time-Flight	publisher	Target Books
Snakedance	publisher	Target Books
Dangaioh	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Songs for the Philologists	publisher	Privately printed in the Department of English, University College, London
Joe Cinque's Consolation	publisher	Picador
How to Lie with Statistics	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Frontios	publisher	Target Books
WWF King of the Ring	publisher	LJN
Hogs of War	publisher	Infogrames
Hogs of War	publisher	Sony
HyperBlade	publisher	Activision
The Invasion	publisher	Target Books
The Time Wanderers	publisher	Richardson & Steirman
Warriors of the Deep	publisher	Target Books
The Awakening	publisher	Target Books
The Mind of Evil	publisher	Target Books
The Ambassadors of Death	publisher	Target Books
The Time Monster	publisher	Target Books
The Monster of Peladon	publisher	Target Books
The Sea Devils	publisher	Target Books
The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments	publisher	Western Publishing
Batman: Dark Victory	publisher	DC Comics
Axelay	publisher	Konami
Mankuthimmana Kagga	publisher	Parijatha Publications
Z-G	publisher	Atomoton
The Ice Warriors	publisher	Target Books
The Space Pirates	publisher	Target Books
The Underwater Menace	publisher	Target Books
Ghost Lion	publisher	Kemco
Dungeons & Dragons: Tower of Doom	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man X	publisher	Capcom
Jagged Alliance 2	publisher	TalonSoft
Jagged Alliance 2	publisher	Titan Computer
Fear on Wheels	publisher	Minstrel Books
Duke Nukem II	publisher	Apogee Software
Duke Nukem II	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Duke Nukem II	publisher	Interceptor Entertainment
Torneko: The Last Hope	publisher	Enix
New Poems	publisher	Die Insel
Long Walk to Freedom	publisher	Macdonald Purnell
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea	publisher	Kodansha
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Faceless Ones	publisher	Target Books
Dagar the Invincible	publisher	Western Publishing
Sex and the Single Girl	publisher	Bernard Geis Associates
The Macra Terror	publisher	Target Books
Aliens Ate My Homework	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
NBA Live 99	publisher	Electronic Arts, EA Sports
Fighters Destiny	publisher	Ocean Software
Fighters Destiny	publisher	Imagineer
Fighters Destiny	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Fighters Destiny	publisher	Xicat
Silent Bob Speaks	publisher	Miramax Books
A History of Western Philosophy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A History of Western Philosophy	publisher	George Allen & Unwin Ltd
Ultra Golf	publisher	Konami
A Loyal Character Dancer	publisher	Soho Press
Harlequin	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse	publisher	WizardWorks Software
PAJ	publisher	MIT Press
The Web of Fear	publisher	Target Books
To Vima	publisher	Lambrakis Press Group
Segata Sanshirō Shinken Yūgi	publisher	Sega
The Vault of Horror	publisher	EC Comics
Frontline Combat	publisher	EC Comics
Two-Fisted Tales	publisher	EC Comics
The Haunt of Fear	publisher	EC Comics
The Colony	publisher	Mindscape
Tintin: Destination Adventure	publisher	Infogrames
The Enemy of the World	publisher	Target Books
Fury from the Deep	publisher	Target Books
The Wheel in Space	publisher	Target Books
Super Army War	publisher	Atlus
Super Army War	publisher	Neko Entertainment
Gold Digger	publisher	Antarctic Press
Long Way Round	publisher	Atria Books
The Minpins	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Chopper Command	publisher	Activision
Enemy Zero	publisher	Sega
Superman: Birthright	publisher	DC Comics
Radiata Stories	publisher	Square Enix
Journal of Economic Theory	publisher	Elsevier
Doc Frankenstein	publisher	Burlyman Entertainment
Spaceward Ho!	publisher	Delta Tao Software
Spaceward Ho!	publisher	Mobilefreon
Spaceward Ho!	publisher	Ariton
Voyage	publisher	Voyager Books
Shaolin Cowboy	publisher	Burlyman Entertainment
Shaolin Cowboy	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Postcards	publisher	HarperCollins
The Sims: Hot Date	publisher	Electronic Arts
Regina's Song	publisher	Ballantine Books
Rebecca's Tale	publisher	Little, Brown
Derailed	publisher	Warner Books
The Sexual Life of Catherine M.	publisher	Grove Press
Seabiscuit: An American Legend	publisher	Random House
The Destruction of Dresden	publisher	William Kimber & Co.
La Nación	publisher	Bartolomé Mitre
Kaze Hikaru	publisher	Shogakukan
Mensch ärgere dich nicht	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
Betrayal in Antara	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Star Wars: Demolition	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: Demolition	publisher	Activision
Riki-Oh	publisher	Shueisha
The Fool's Progress	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
The White Feather	publisher	A & C Black
Wangan Midnight	publisher	Kodansha
Wangan Midnight	publisher	Shogakukan
Spartan: Total Warrior	publisher	Sega
Poor Things	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Space	publisher	Random House
Something Leather	publisher	Canongate Press
A History Maker	publisher	Canongate Books
Signs	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend	publisher	Legend Books
Full Tilt! Pinball	publisher	Maxis
Full Tilt! Pinball	publisher	Microsoft
Day of Deceit	publisher	Free Press, Edition: Touchstone ed
I, Ball	publisher	Firebird Software
Thing on a Spring	publisher	Microprojects for Gremlin Graphics
Earth 2160	publisher	Zuxxez Entertainment
Earth 2160	publisher	Deep Silver
Earth 2160	publisher	Midway Games
Earth 2160	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Gon	publisher	Kodansha
Chaos Legion	publisher	Capcom
Enigmo	publisher	Pangea Software, Beatshapers
Enigmo	publisher	Pangea Software
Xenon 2 Megablast	publisher	Image Works
Little Altars Everywhere	publisher	HarperCollins
Master of Magic	publisher	Mastertronic
The Art of Cookery made Plain and Easy	publisher	Hannah Glasse
The Game	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
A Liar's Autobiography	publisher	Eyre Methuen
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood	publisher	HarperCollins
Debt of Bones	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Blessing Way	publisher	Harper
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Moosewood Cookbook	publisher	Ten Speed Press
Oracle Night	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Robb Report	publisher	David Arnold,
Robb Report	publisher	Group Publisher and Senior Vice President
Ambassador Magma	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Project Stealth Fighter	publisher	MicroProse
The Fourth Hand	publisher	Random House
Daxter	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Nature of Alexander	publisher	Allen Lane
The Nature of Alexander	publisher	Pantheon Books
Roachmill	publisher	Blackthorne Publishing
Roachmill	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Raiden III	publisher	MOSS
Raiden III	publisher	Taito Corporation
Raiden III	publisher	Cyberfront Corporation
Raiden III	publisher	Namco Bandai Games Inc.
Raiden III	publisher	UFO Interactive Games
Raiden III	publisher	505
Raiden III	publisher	Soft-World
Raiden III	publisher	H2 Interactive Co., Ltd.
The Book of the Long Sun	publisher	Tor / Tom Doherty
Fire and Hemlock	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Fire and Hemlock	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Book of the Short Sun	publisher	Tor Books
The Book of the Short Sun	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club
A Course of Modern Analysis	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Nickelodeon Magazine	publisher	Nickelodeon
Road Trip Adventure	publisher	Takara
Road Trip Adventure	publisher	Sonokong
Road Trip Adventure	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Road Trip Adventure	publisher	Play It
Ballblazer	publisher	Atari
Ballblazer	publisher	Activision
Baseball	publisher	Nintendo
Shinzo	publisher	Kodansha
Star Force	publisher	Tehkan
Hopeless Savages	publisher	Oni Press
Keitai Denjū Telefang	publisher	Natsume
Nebulus	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Nebulus	publisher	U.S. Gold
Nebulus	publisher	Nintendo
The Nursery %22Alice%22	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
My Education: A Book of Dreams	publisher	Viking Press
Bliss	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Bliss	publisher	Faber & Faber
Bliss	publisher	Harper & Row
Emotional Intelligence	publisher	Bantam Books
On Beyond Zebra!	publisher	Random House
Gauntlet: Seven Sorrows	publisher	Midway Games
Shining Force III	publisher	Sega
Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons	publisher	Delacorte Press
Kirby's Dream Land 3	publisher	Nintendo
Lords of EverQuest	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Post Office	publisher	Black Sparrow Press
Dawn of Mana	publisher	Square Enix
Fletch Won	publisher	Warner Books
Ninja Gaiden Shadow	publisher	Tecmo
Mexico	publisher	Random House
Ace Combat 2	publisher	Namco
Twisted Metal 4	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Air Combat	publisher	Namco
Jet Moto 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Jet Moto 3	publisher	989
Gran Turismo 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The King of Fighters '97	publisher	SNK
The Corporate Machine	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Madden NFL 98	publisher	EA Sports
The King of Fighters '98	publisher	SNK
The King of Fighters '99	publisher	SNK Playmore
V-Rally 2	publisher	PlayStation
V-Rally 2	publisher	Microsoft Windows & Dreamcast
V-Rally 2	publisher	Infogrames
NBA Live 98	publisher	Electronic Arts
Need for Speed II	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ridge Racer Revolution	publisher	Namco
V-Rally	publisher	PlayStation
V-Rally	publisher	Microsoft Windows, Game Boy Color & Nintendo 64 Game Boy
V-Rally	publisher	Ocean Software
Need for Speed: High Stakes	publisher	Electronic Arts
Need for Speed: Porsche Unleashed	publisher	PlayStation & Microsoft Windows
Need for Speed: Porsche Unleashed	publisher	Electronic Arts
Need for Speed: Porsche Unleashed	publisher	Game Boy Advance
Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Spyro: Year of the Dragon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Syphon Filter 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Twisted Metal: Small Brawl	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tomb Raider Chronicles	publisher	Eidos Interactive
R4: Ridge Racer Type 4	publisher	Namco
Dynasty Warriors 2	publisher	Koei
Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex	publisher	Konami
Searching for David's Heart	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Blinx: The Time Sweeper	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Bloody Roar 4	publisher	Konami
Madden NFL '96	publisher	EA Sports
Madden NFL '94	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fatal Fury 2	publisher	SNK
Fatal Fury 2	publisher	Magical Company
Fatal Fury Special	publisher	SNK
Fatal Fury Special	publisher	JVC Musical Industries
Fatal Fury Special	publisher	Hudson Soft
Fatal Fury Special	publisher	Magical Company
Stargunner	publisher	3D Realms
The Hobbit	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
The Design Inference	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Faery Tale Adventure	publisher	MicroIllusions
The Faery Tale Adventure	publisher	Electronic Arts
Sword of the Berserk: Guts' Rage	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Project Space Station	publisher	HESware
Supreme Injustice	publisher	Oxford University Press
Heroes of Might and Magic V	publisher	Ubisoft
Rainbow Mars	publisher	Tor Books
Hammerhead Ranch Motel	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hammerhead Ranch Motel	publisher	HarperCollins
Cadillac Beach	publisher	William Morrow
Torpedo Juice	publisher	William Morrow
Man Plus	publisher	Random House
Avengers	publisher	DC Comics
Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
DC vs. Marvel	publisher	DC Comics
DC vs. Marvel	publisher	Marvel Comics
Backyard Soccer MLS Edition	publisher	Atari
Mega Man X2	publisher	Capcom
L.A. Rush	publisher	Midway Games
Commander Blood	publisher	Mindscape
The History of the Runestaff	publisher	Panther
Shout at the Devil	publisher	Heinemann
Antic Hay	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Warriors of Fate	publisher	Capcom
Antarctic Adventure	publisher	Konami
Antarctic Adventure	publisher	Konami
Post Mortem	publisher	Microïds
Post Mortem	publisher	The Adventure Company
Post Mortem	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
House of Incest	publisher	Siana Editions
House of Incest	publisher	Gemor Press
The Deep Blue Good-by	publisher	Fawcett Publications
To Heart 2	publisher	MediaWorks
To Heart 2	publisher	Square Enix
To Heart 2	publisher	Ichijinsha
To Heart 2	publisher	ASCII Media Works
John Madden Football '93	publisher	EA Sports
Eastern Daily Press	publisher	Archant
Norwich Evening News	publisher	Archant
The Final Days	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Stanford Law Review	publisher	Stanford Law School
Les Chants de Maldoror	publisher	Gustave Balitout, Questroy et Cie.
The Last Dragonlord	publisher	Tor Books
Dragon and Phoenix	publisher	Tor Books
Complete Arcane	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Full Auto	publisher	Sega
Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone	publisher	Bantam Books
Dictionary of Australian Biography	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Australian Dictionary of Biography	publisher	Melbourne University Press
The Perks of Being a Wallflower	publisher	Pocket Books
Sentinel Returns	publisher	Psygnosis
Confidential Mission	publisher	Sega
Airforce Delta	publisher	Konami
Mumbo Jumbo	publisher	Doubleday
Gunbird 2	publisher	Capcom
Dead or Alive 2	publisher	Tecmo
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana	publisher	Bompiani
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana	publisher	Harcourt
Language Teaching	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Star Wars Episode I: Jedi Power Battles	publisher	LucasArts
Jonathan Troy	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
As Seen on TV	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Brave Cowboy	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Fire on the Mountain	publisher	The Dial Press
Good News	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Big Over Easy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
County of London Plan	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Zahir	publisher	Harper Perennial
Ploughshares	publisher	Emerson College
SiN Episodes	publisher	Ritual Entertainment
In the Woods	publisher	Viking Adult
Tachyon: The Fringe	publisher	NovaLogic
The Night in Lisbon	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Resident Evil Outbreak File 2	publisher	Capcom
Fish Police	publisher	Fishwrap Productions
Fish Police	publisher	Comico
Fish Police	publisher	Apple Press
Fish Police	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dungeons & Dragons Collection	publisher	Capcom
Thrill-Power Overload	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Half-Life 2: Deathmatch	publisher	Valve Corporation
The National Sports Daily	publisher	Peter O. Price
Lejendary Adventure	publisher	Hekaforge Productions
Lejendary Adventure	publisher	Troll Lord Games
Mumbai Mirror	publisher	The Times Group
Button Man	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Terminal Velocity	publisher	3
Terminal Velocity	publisher	MacSoft( )
Terminal Velocity	publisher	Trebuchet Entertainment( )
Ocean	publisher	Wildstorm
Spider-Man: The Video Game	publisher	Sega
Still Life with Woodpecker	publisher	Bantam Books
Star Trek: Invasion	publisher	Activision
Mega Man Zero 4	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Battle Network 2	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Battle Network 4	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Battle Chip Challenge	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Battle Network 3	publisher	Capcom
The Godfather	publisher	Electronic Arts
WWF Raw	publisher	THQ
Hinds' Feet on High Places	publisher	Christian Literature Crusade
LHX Attack Chopper	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mega Man X5	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man X6	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man X7	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man X8	publisher	Capcom
The Sensational Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Nightshade	publisher	Ultra Games
Ghoul School	publisher	Electro Brain
Feng Shui	publisher	Daedalus Entertainment
Feng Shui	publisher	Atlas Games
Gray Matter	publisher	Doubleday
Anna of Byzantium	publisher	Dell Publishing
King's Knight	publisher	Square
Serenity Role Playing Game	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions, Ltd
The Death of Virgil	publisher	Pantheon Books
The g Factor: The Science of Mental Ability	publisher	Greenwood Publishing Group
El Cazador	publisher	CrossGen
Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Sittaford Mystery	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Starblazer	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Beyond Eagle and Swastika	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Might and Magic VII: For Blood and Honor	publisher	3
Might and Magic VIII: Day of the Destroyer	publisher	The 3DO Company, Sold-Out Software
Might and Magic VIII: Day of the Destroyer	publisher	Imagineer
True Crime: New York City	publisher	Activision
Sugar Rush	publisher	Macmillan Children's Books
Smart Mobs	publisher	Basic Books
Stray Bullets	publisher	El Capitan Books
Stray Bullets	publisher	Image Comics
Songbook	publisher	McSweeney's
The Chancellor Manuscript	publisher	Doubleday
Out of the Everywhere and Other Extraordinary Visions	publisher	Del Rey Books
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Shinji Ikari Raising Project	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Crown of Stars	publisher	Tor Books
Star Songs of an Old Primate	publisher	Del Rey Books
Warm Worlds and Otherwise	publisher	Ballantine Books
Ten Thousand Light-Years from Home	publisher	Ace Books
The Labyrinth of Time	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Labyrinth of Time	publisher	The Wyrmkeep Entertainment Co.
GURPS Basic Set	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Sqoon	publisher	Irem
A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin	publisher	Jewett, Proctor & Worthington
The Pact	publisher	Image Comics
Champions	publisher	Marvel Comics
Cyberia	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Dino Stalker	publisher	Capcom
Ultimate Spider-Man	publisher	Activision
Fear Effect	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Witchcraft Today	publisher	Various
Eco Fighters	publisher	Capcom
Alice Through the Needle's Eye	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Frak!	publisher	Aardvark Software
Frak!	publisher	State Soft
SiN: Wages of Sin	publisher	Activision
The Superman Family	publisher	DC Comics
Sword of the Samurai	publisher	MicroProse
Agent Aika	publisher	Wani Books
The Bunker	publisher	Deutsche Verlagsanstalt
Loveless	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Gammage Cup	publisher	Harcourt Brace, Scholastic
Big Sky Trooper	publisher	JVC
Atomix	publisher	Thalion Software
Henry and June	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Seiklus	publisher	Indie gaming
WinBack	publisher	Koei
The Thief and the Dogs	publisher	Maktabat Misr
And the Sea Will Tell	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Relativity of Wrong	publisher	Doubleday
Heavy on the Magick	publisher	Gargoyle Games, Ltd.
Formula 1 97	publisher	Psygnosis
Split Personalities	publisher	Domark
Formula 1 98	publisher	Psygnosis
Formula One 99	publisher	Psygnosis
Formula One 99	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Sorcery!	publisher	Penguin Books
Sorcery!	publisher	Puffin Books
Sorcery!	publisher	Wizard Books
Formula One 2000	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Formula One 2000	publisher	Midway Games
Formula One 2000	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Formula One 2001	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Formula One Arcade	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Formula One 2002	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Formula One 2003	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Formula One 04	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Formula One 05	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Reliquary	publisher	Tor Books
Cato Journal	publisher	Cato Institute
Battalion Wars	publisher	Nintendo
The Flight from the Enchanter	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Riddle-Master of Hed	publisher	Del Rey Books
Shadow of the Ninja	publisher	Natsume
Shadow of the Ninja	publisher	Taito
Turok: Rage Wars	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Turok: Rage Wars	publisher	Western Publishing
List of Pokémon video games	publisher	Nintendo
Rage	publisher	White Wolf, FRPG
The House of the Dead 2	publisher	Sega
Zombie Revenge	publisher	Sega
Daily Breeze	publisher	Ron Hasse
B.A.T.	publisher	Ubisoft
The 480	publisher	McGraw Hill
Red Prophet	publisher	Tor Books
The PracTeX Journal	publisher	TeX Users Group
Mega Man Battle Network 5	publisher	Capcom
Heroes of Might and Magic: A Strategic Quest	publisher	New World Computing
Appointment with Death	publisher	Collins Crime Club
City Connection	publisher	Jaleco
The Fire Next Time	publisher	Dial Press
TUGboat	publisher	TeX Users Group
The Iron Dream	publisher	Avon Books
A Dance with Dragons	publisher	Voyager Books
A Dance with Dragons	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Walking Dead	publisher	Image Comics
Pyongyang: A Journey in North Korea	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Magician	publisher	Taxan
Bases Loaded 3	publisher	Jaleco
How to Design Programs	publisher	MIT Press
Country Living	publisher	Hearst Magazines
Yale Review of Law and Social Action	publisher	Yale University
Thief II	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Laser Squad Nemesis	publisher	Got Game
Laser Squad Nemesis	publisher	Merscom
Astro Boy: Omega Factor	publisher	Sega
Astro Boy: Omega Factor	publisher	Sony Pictures Television
Astro Boy: Omega Factor	publisher	Sony Pictures Entertainment
Astro Boy: Omega Factor	publisher	Tezuka Productions
Jagged Alliance	publisher	Sir-tech Software, Inc., Cypronia
Ruule	publisher	Beckett Comics
Death Jr.	publisher	Konami
Guerrilla War	publisher	SNK
The King of Fighters: Maximum Impact	publisher	SNK Playmore
Kirby's Star Stacker	publisher	Nintendo
Until I Find You	publisher	Random House
Under and Alone	publisher	Random House
Barney's Hide & Seek Game	publisher	Sega
Barney's Hide & Seek Game	publisher	Tec Toy
Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness	publisher	SCEE
Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Pac-Man World	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Pac-Man World	publisher	SCEE
Pac-Man World	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Parallel	publisher	Kodansha
Secret Wars II	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Adventures of Robby Roto!	publisher	Midway Games
Legends II	publisher	Del Rey Books
Cheeky Angel	publisher	Shogakukan
Apache Skies	publisher	MAX
Blaze of Glory: The Last Ride of the Western Heroes	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mindstar Rising	publisher	Pan Books
A Quantum Murder	publisher	Pan Books
The Nano Flower	publisher	Pan Books
Runner's World	publisher	Rodale Inc.
Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone	publisher	Atari
OutRunners	publisher	Sega
Blood Fever	publisher	Puffin Books
The Riddle of the Sands	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Italian Girl	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Set This House on Fire	publisher	Random House
Engel	publisher	Sword & Sorcery Studios
Skipping Towards Gomorrah	publisher	Dutton Adult
Genome Research	publisher	Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press
Journal of the British Dragonfly Society	publisher	British Dragonfly Society
Amen: The Awakening	publisher	GT Interactive
Power Without Glory	publisher	Realist Printing & Publishing Co
Vietcong	publisher	Gathering of Developers
3 in Three	publisher	Cinemaware
3 in Three	publisher	Inline Design
Yōtōden	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Labyrinth: The Computer Game	publisher	Activision
Titus Groan	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Floor Games	publisher	Frank Palmer; in U.S., Small, Maynard and Company
Legends	publisher	Voyager Books
The Deep End of the Ocean	publisher	Allen Lane
Ralph S. Mouse	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Misadventures of Tron Bonne	publisher	Capcom
Lasher	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Les Tuniques Bleues	publisher	Dupuis
Les Tuniques Bleues	publisher	Cinebook
Cadaver	publisher	Image Works
It Takes a Family	publisher	Intercollegiate Studies Institute
Double Dribble	publisher	Konami
Jill the Reckless	publisher	George H. Doran Company
MRC: Multi-Racing Championship	publisher	Imagineer
MRC: Multi-Racing Championship	publisher	Ocean
Green Lantern Versus Aliens	publisher	DC Comics
Green Lantern Versus Aliens	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
A Star Called Henry	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Steps to an Ecology of Mind	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Books of Magick: Life During Wartime	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Geneforge 3	publisher	Spiderweb Software
Geneforge 2	publisher	Spiderweb Software
Quest for Fame	publisher	IBM for PC, SCEI for PS
Nature Reviews Immunology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
X-Men: Next Dimension	publisher	Activision
Tecmo World Cup Soccer	publisher	Tecmo
Tecmo Baseball	publisher	Tecmo
Ice Hockey	publisher	Nintendo
Nature Reviews Microbiology	publisher	Nature Research
Nature Reviews Genetics	publisher	Nature Research
Dan Doh!!	publisher	Shogakukan
C Traps and Pitfalls	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	publisher	Nintendo
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	publisher	LucasArts
Dark Champions	publisher	Hero Games
Star Hero	publisher	Hero Games
The Temple of the Golden Pavilion	publisher	Shinchosha
Raid over Moscow	publisher	U.S. Gold
Eureka Seven	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Eureka Seven	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Where's My Cow%3F	publisher	Doubleday
Where's My Cow%3F	publisher	HarperCollins
WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw 2006	publisher	THQ
Super Robot Wars GC	publisher	Banpresto
X-Men: Mutant Academy 2	publisher	Activision
Notes from a Small Island	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Little Fighter Online	publisher	U1 Technology
Past & Present	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Past and Present Society
Big Mutha Truckers 2	publisher	THQ
Jazz Jackrabbit	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Jazz Jackrabbit	publisher	Jaleco
Spycraft	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Spycraft	publisher	Crafty Games
Accelerando	publisher	Orbit Books
Accelerando	publisher	Ace Books
The Third Eye	publisher	Harvill Secker
Blood II: The Chosen	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Nylon Angel	publisher	Orbit Books
The Music of Dolphins	publisher	Scholastic Press
1985	publisher	Hutchinson
Bare-faced Messiah	publisher	Michael Joseph
If I Forget Thee, Oh Earth	publisher	Columbia Publications
Garfield: His 9 Lives	publisher	Ballantine Books
Kill Switch	publisher	Namco
Kill Switch	publisher	Destination Software
Neuron	publisher	Cell Press
The Butcher Boy	publisher	Picador
Breath of Fire: Dragon Quarter	publisher	Capcom
Breakfast on Pluto	publisher	Picador
All Star Batman & Robin, the Boy Wonder	publisher	DC Comics
Etherlords	publisher	Fishtank Interactive
Etherlords	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Etherlords	publisher	Strategy First
Nature Reviews Gastroenterology & Hepatology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Fantastic Four	publisher	Activision
Nature Reviews Nephrology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Nature Reviews Rheumatology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Carrier Command	publisher	Telecomsoft
Nature Reviews Neurology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Devil World	publisher	Nintendo
The Atrocity Archives	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Dune II	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Argumentative Indian	publisher	Allen Lane
Tobal 2	publisher	Square
Three Act Tragedy	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Inuyasha: Feudal Combat	publisher	Namco Bandai
Why Didn't They Ask Evans%3F	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Montezuma's Revenge	publisher	Parker Brothers
Murder in Mesopotamia	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Avara	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Dumb Witness	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Hercule Poirot's Christmas	publisher	Collins Crime Club
MotorStorm	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Secret of the Silver Blades	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc., WizardWorks Software
Kabumpo in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Hot Coffee mod	publisher	Rockstar Games
The Snapper	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Camelot 30K	publisher	Tor Books
The Woman Who Walked into Doors	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Woman Who Walked into Doors	publisher	Viking Press
Thidwick the Big-Hearted Moose	publisher	Random House
Running with Scissors	publisher	Picador
At Swim, Two Boys	publisher	Scribner
Kauno diena	publisher	Diena Media News
UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino	publisher	University of the Philippines Press, Sentro ng Wikang Filipino-Diliman, and Anvil Publishing
Kokoro Library	publisher	MediaWorks
The Landlord's Game	publisher	Economic Game Company
The Landlord's Game	publisher	Adgame Company
The Landlord's Game	publisher	Newbie Game Company
The Landlord's Game	publisher	Parker Brothers
The Landlord's Game	publisher	ASS Altenburger Spielkarten
Isis	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Annie on My Mind	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Moetan	publisher	Idea Factory
Back to the Future Part II & III	publisher	LJN
The Nature of the Judicial Process	publisher	Yale University Press
The Third World War	publisher	Micronet,Extreme
Wonder Dog	publisher	JVC
Captain Planet and the Planeteers	publisher	Mindscape
Self	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Self	publisher	Canada
Spider-Man: Return of the Sinister Six	publisher	LJN
Spider-Man: Return of the Sinister Six	publisher	Flying Edge
Yo! Noid	publisher	Capcom
NBA 2K6	publisher	2
Yie Ar Kung-Fu	publisher	Konami
Yie Ar Kung-Fu	publisher	Imagine
Konami Krazy Racers	publisher	Konami
Countdown Vampires	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Gekido	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Gekido	publisher	Infogrames
Gekido	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Vampire Hunter D	publisher	Jaleco
Carrier	publisher	Jaleco
Jet Set Willy II	publisher	Software Projects
Information World Review	publisher	VNU Business Publications
War Wind	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
War Wind	publisher	GOG Ltd
A Secret Vice	publisher	HarperCollins
The Master	publisher	Picador
Guy Domville	publisher	J. Miles & Co., London
A Long Way Down	publisher	Penguin Group
The South	publisher	Serpent's Tail
Gold	publisher	Heinemann
Die Hard Trilogy	publisher	Fox Interactive
The Summoning	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Wildsiderz	publisher	Wildstorm Productions
Dino Crisis 3	publisher	Capcom
Hybrid Heaven	publisher	Konami
D-Lib Magazine	publisher	Corporation for National Research Initiatives
The Assassins: A Radical Sect in Islam	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Assassins: A Radical Sect in Islam	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Assassins: A Radical Sect in Islam	publisher	Basic Books
Murder Is Easy	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Body in the Library	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
My Michael	publisher	Am Oved
The Benson Murder Case	publisher	Ernest Benn
The Benson Murder Case	publisher	Scribner's
Jihad vs. McWorld	publisher	Times Books
The Dragon Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Dragon Murder Case	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Power Instinct	publisher	Atlus
Power Instinct	publisher	Atlus
Power Instinct	publisher	SNK Playmore
Power Instinct	publisher	Excite
Shattered Steel	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Towards Zero	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Sparkling Cyanide	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Parker Pyne Investigates	publisher	William Collins
Blood Money	publisher	Psygnosis
Batman: Vengeance	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Dark Water	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Milestones	publisher	Kazi Publications
Grand Prix 2	publisher	MicroProse
The Heather Blazing	publisher	Picador
The Rising	publisher	Delirium Books
Romance of the Three Kingdoms X	publisher	Koei
The Case for Democracy	publisher	Public Affairs
Society	publisher	Stardock
Race and Slavery in the Middle East	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Warriors	publisher	Rockstar Games
Mindkiller	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Tetris 2	publisher	Ultrasoft
The Scarlet Citadel	publisher	Weird Tales
The Tower of the Elephant	publisher	Weird Tales
GURPS Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Phoenix on the Sword	publisher	Weird Tales
Jewels of Gwahlur	publisher	Weird Tales
Queen of the Black Coast	publisher	Weird Tales
Beyond the Black River	publisher	Weird Tales
Rogues in the House	publisher	Weird Tales
The Hour of the Dragon	publisher	Gnome Press
The God in the Bowl	publisher	Space Science Fiction
Shadows in Zamboula	publisher	Weird Tales
Quentin Durward	publisher	Archibald Constable
Quentin Durward	publisher	Hurst, Robinson
Red Nails	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Tetris Plus	publisher	Bulletproof Software
Tetris Plus	publisher	Jaleco
Tetris Plus	publisher	Nintendo
Urban Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
GURPS Uplift	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Black Colossus	publisher	Weird Tales
The Slithering Shadow	publisher	Weird Tales
Shadows in the Moonlight	publisher	Weird Tales
The Devil in Iron	publisher	Weird Tales
The Vale of Lost Women	publisher	The Magazine of Horror
The Pool of the Black One	publisher	Weird Tales
The Frost-Giant's Daughter	publisher	Weird Tales
A Walk on the Wild Side	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Cudahy
The Hot Kid	publisher	William Morrow, Phoenix, HarperTorch
The Story of the Night	publisher	Picador
Pascali's Island	publisher	Michael Joseph
Mythology	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
DDR Festival Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
Death of a Train	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Resident Evil: Dead Aim	publisher	Capcom
Transformers	publisher	Dreamwave Productions
Kick Ass	publisher	University Press of Florida
Nancy Drew: The Haunted Carousel	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Battle Engine Aquila	publisher	Infogrames
Battle Engine Aquila	publisher	Encore Software
Servant of the Bones	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Blue Like Jazz	publisher	Thomas Nelson
A, A Prime	publisher	Akita Shoten
A, A Prime	publisher	Shogakukan
Domination	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Sweet Home	publisher	Capcom
Details	publisher	Condé Nast
Kushiel's Chosen	publisher	Tor Books
Kushiel's Avatar	publisher	Tor Books
Himitsu no Akko-chan	publisher	Shueisha
Vittorio the Vampire	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Looking for Alaska	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
The Unix Programming Environment	publisher	Prentice Hall
The Sandcastle	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Trustee from the Toolroom	publisher	Heinemann
WWE SmackDown! Here Comes the Pain	publisher	THQ
Elizabeth Costello	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Radar Rat Race	publisher	Commodore International
The Smart Set	publisher	William d'Alton Mann
The Smart Set	publisher	John Adams Thayer
The Smart Set	publisher	Eugene Crowe and Eltinge F. Warner
WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth	publisher	THQ
WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth	publisher	Yuke's
Hard Hat Mack	publisher	Electronic Arts
Michigan Law Review	publisher	University of Michigan Law School
Armored Trooper Votoms	publisher	Kodansha
Inconstant Moon	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Inconstant Moon	publisher	Sphere Books
Gunvalkyrie	publisher	Sega
The Enchanted Wood	publisher	George Newnes
The Blue Castle	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Blue Castle	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Guardian Heroes	publisher	Sega
Freshmen	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Chester Cheetah: Too Cool to Fool	publisher	Kaneko
Chester Cheetah: Wild Wild Quest	publisher	Kaneko
Eberouge	publisher	Takara
Rex Nebular and the Cosmic Gender Bender	publisher	MicroProse
Super Ninja Boy	publisher	Culture Brain
Eye of Cat	publisher	Underwood-Miller
Arrow's Fall	publisher	DAW Books
Doorways in the Sand	publisher	Harper & Row
X2: Wolverine's Revenge	publisher	Activision
X2: Wolverine's Revenge	publisher	Aspyr
Battle Tank	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Becoming Madame Mao	publisher	Mariner Books
Spider-Man: The Manga	publisher	Kodansha
Castle of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Sega
Jutland	publisher	Avalon Hill
Flight Unlimited III	publisher	Electronic Arts
Children of the Arbat	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Closing Time	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Gruffalo	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
New African	publisher	IC Publications
Eloise	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Vampire's Assistant	publisher	HarperCollins
Wario Blast	publisher	Nintendo
Hime-chan's Ribbon	publisher	Shueisha
Djustine	publisher	E.F.edizioni
Djustine	publisher	Carnal Comics
Djustine	publisher	Eros Comix
Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny	publisher	Schmidt Spiel & Freizeit GmbH
Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny	publisher	Sir-Tech
Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny	publisher	U.S. Gold
Realms of Arkania: Star Trail	publisher	Sir-Tech
Realms of Arkania: Star Trail	publisher	U.S. Gold
Realms of Arkania: Shadows over Riva	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Realms of Arkania: Shadows over Riva	publisher	Sir-Tech
Realms of Arkania: Shadows over Riva	publisher	U.S. Gold
Revolutionary Road	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Temple of Elemental Evil	publisher	Atari
Contest of Champions II	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ultra Maniac	publisher	Shueisha
Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	publisher	THQ
Someday's Dreamers	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Chuck Rock	publisher	Core Design
Chuck Rock	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Chuck Rock	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Chuck Rock	publisher	Krisalis Software
RoboCop Versus The Terminator	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Everything's Eventual	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Folk of the Fringe	publisher	Phantasia Press
Give Me Liberty	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Rescue at Rigel	publisher	Epyx
Saturday Night Slam Masters	publisher	Capcom
Ring	publisher	Vertical, Inc.
Virtual Boy Wario Land	publisher	Nintendo
Famicom Tantei Club Part II: Ushiro ni Tatsu Shōjo	publisher	Nintendo
Your Best Life Now	publisher	FaithWords
The Covenant	publisher	Random House
Where Is Joe Merchant%3F	publisher	Avon Books
Densha Otoko	publisher	Shinchosha
Densha Otoko	publisher	Akita Shoten
Densha Otoko	publisher	Shogakukan
Densha Otoko	publisher	Kodansha
Killshot	publisher	Arbor House
Killshot	publisher	Viking Press
Death Comes as the End	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Taken at the Flood	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
A Murder Is Announced	publisher	Collins Crime Club
They Came to Baghdad	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Mrs McGinty's Dead	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
A Pocket Full of Rye	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Destination Unknown	publisher	Collins Crime Club
They Do It with Mirrors	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Hickory Dickory Dock	publisher	Collins Crime Club
S.C.A.R.S.	publisher	Ubisoft
I Kissed Dating Goodbye	publisher	Multnomah Books
Crime SuspenStories	publisher	EC Comics
EyeToy: Play 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
OpenSym	publisher	ACM Digital Library
Chaos Island: The Lost World	publisher	DreamWorks Interactive
Doctor Who: Destiny of the Doctors	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Project Eden	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Psychic Detective	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Awkward Age	publisher	William Heinemann, London
The Awkward Age	publisher	Harpers Brothers Publishers, New York City
The Water Is Wide	publisher	Random House
DP 7	publisher	Marvel Comics
Flowers in the Attic	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Devil Kings	publisher	Capcom
Area 51	publisher	Midway Games
Axis & Allies	publisher	Atari, Inc.
The Eidolon	publisher	Epyx
Fuck You	publisher	Ed Sanders
Koronis Rift	publisher	Epyx
Drac's Night Out	publisher	Parker Brothers
The Matchlock Gun	publisher	Dodd, Mead & Company
Skylark DuQuesne	publisher	Pyramid Books
Sisterhood of Steel	publisher	Epic Comics
The 35th of May, or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas	publisher	New English Library
Cavewoman	publisher	Basement Comics
Mega Man IV	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man II	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man II	publisher	Nintendo
Mega Man III	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man: Dr. Wily's Revenge	publisher	Capcom
The Female American	publisher	Broadview Literary Texts
The Law of Ueki	publisher	Shogakukan
Entomologist's Monthly Magazine	publisher	Pemberley Books
China Mountain Zhang	publisher	Tor Books
Cyteen	publisher	Warner Books
The West End Horror	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Persian Boy	publisher	Longman
The Persian Boy	publisher	Pantheon Books
Interpreter of Maladies	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Komm, süßer Tod	publisher	Rowohlt Taschenbuch Verlag
Aria	publisher	Enix
Aria	publisher	Mag Garden
Aria	publisher	Mag Garden
Portable Island: Te no Hira no Resort	publisher	Namco
Spinout	publisher	Ghostlight
The Pale Horse	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Ordeal by Innocence	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Cat Among the Pigeons	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Clocks	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Third Girl	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Endless Night	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Pool Shark 2	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Passenger to Frankfurt	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Postern of Fate	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Konami Collector's Series: Arcade Advanced	publisher	Konami
S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team	publisher	Natsume Co., Ltd
S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team	publisher	Infogrames  Konami
Delta Force 2	publisher	NovaLogic
Grand Theft Auto IV	publisher	Rockstar Games
Exultant	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Murderous Maths	publisher	Scholastic
The Boat of a Million Years	publisher	Tor Books
Marvel Fanfare	publisher	Marvel Comics
Master Keaton	publisher	Shogakukan
Socket	publisher	Vic Tokai
Galaxy of Fear: Ghost of the Jedi	publisher	Skylark
Pilgrim	publisher	HarperFlamingo
The Cookie Monster	publisher	Analog
Excellent Cadavers	publisher	Vintage
Mutant, Texas: Tales of Sheriff Ida Red	publisher	Oni Press
Laser Arena	publisher	ValuSoft
Furry Pirates	publisher	Atlas Games
Ted Scott Flying Stories	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
By the Pricking of My Thumbs	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Norton Anthology of English Literature	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Terminator 3: War of the Machines	publisher	Atari
WWE Survivor Series	publisher	THQ
British Journal of Social Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society
The Spectacular Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Know-It-All	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Operation Barracuda	publisher	Penguin Group
I Want a Dog	publisher	Tundra Books
Web of Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Inuyasha: The Secret of the Cursed Mask	publisher	Namco Bandai
Be Here Now	publisher	Lama Foundation
Be Here Now	publisher	Taos County, New Mexico
Bomberman Hardball	publisher	Ubisoft
The King Beyond the Gate	publisher	Century
Untold Tales of Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
In the Garden of Iden	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Modern C++ Design	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Azure Dreams	publisher	Konami
Passage Meditation	publisher	Nilgiri Press; others
The Fairyland Story	publisher	Taito
Black Kiss	publisher	Vortex Comics
It Takes a Village	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hyper Lode Runner	publisher	Bandai
Marvel Land	publisher	Namco
Ground Control II: Operation Exodus	publisher	Vivendi
The Burning Wheel	publisher	Luke Crane
Condemned: Criminal Origins	publisher	Sega
Condemned: Criminal Origins	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Conversations at Curlow Creek	publisher	Chatto and Windus, London, England
Haunted House	publisher	Atari, Inc.
The 101 Ranch	publisher	Norman
Zoo Tycoon	publisher	Microsoft
The American Economic Review	publisher	American Economic Association
Quarterly Journal of Economics	publisher	Oxford University Press for Harvard University Department of Economics
Spider-Ham	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Jew of Linz	publisher	Century Books, an imprint of Random House
The Jew of Linz	publisher	In Germany as Der Jude aus Linz: Hitler und Wittgenstein  by Ullstein Verlag
The Sensational Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Manhattan Nocturne	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Angel Eyes	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Web of Scarlet Spider	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Spectacular Scarlet Spider	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Amazing Scarlet Spider	publisher	Marvel Comics
Scarlet Spider	publisher	Marvel Comics
Old School	publisher	Vintage Books
Portal	publisher	Activision
Onmyō Taisenki	publisher	Shueisha
The Icarus Agenda	publisher	Random House
Psycho Fox	publisher	Sega
Trojan	publisher	Capcom, Romstar
The Edge Chronicles Twig Saga	publisher	Random House
Hidden & Dangerous	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Hidden & Dangerous	publisher	TalonSoft
Hidden & Dangerous	publisher	Global Star Software
Hidden & Dangerous	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Felidae	publisher	Wilhem Goldmann Verlag
Gotham by Gaslight	publisher	DC Comics
Weird Wars	publisher	Pinnacle Entertainment Group
Gossip	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
The Sewanee Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press for Sewanee: The University of the South
The Mouse and the Motorcycle	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Mine Storm	publisher	General Consumer Electronics
Wittgenstein's Mistress	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Cobra	publisher	Shueisha
Sacrifice	publisher	Windows:
Sacrifice	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Sacrifice	publisher	Mac:
Sacrifice	publisher	MacPlay
Super ZZT	publisher	Epic Games
Summer Games	publisher	U.S. Gold
Winter Games	publisher	Epyx
Winter Games	publisher	U.S. Gold
Winter Games	publisher	Acclaim
Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific	publisher	University of Chicago Press for the Astronomical Society of the Pacific
Spider-Man's Tangled Web	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer	publisher	THQ
Seed	publisher	Runestone Game Development
Bill & Ted's Excellent Video Game Adventure	publisher	LJN
The Bugs Bunny Birthday Blowout	publisher	Kemco
Death by Degrees	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
DC: The New Frontier	publisher	DC Comics
Conference of the Birds: The Story of Peter Brook in Africa	publisher	Faber and Faber
Through the Desert	publisher	Kosmos
Through the Desert	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Vinci	publisher	Descartes Editeur
Casino Kid	publisher	Sofel
Solo	publisher	DC Comics
Juiced	publisher	THQ
Kangaroo Notebook	publisher	Alfred A Knopf
Journal of the ACM	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Jushin Liger	publisher	Kodansha
Tomb Raider III	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Molecules	publisher	MDPI
A History of the Arab Peoples	publisher	Faber and Faber
Serious Sam 2	publisher	2
Serious Sam 2	publisher	Devolver Digital
Tales from the Crypt	publisher	EC Comics
Shock SuspenStories	publisher	EC Comics
The King of the Golden River	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Rygar	publisher	Tecmo
The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Burnout Revenge	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kalki	publisher	Random House
Space Station Silicon Valley	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Anno 1602	publisher	Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
Falcon 4.0: Allied Force	publisher	Graphsim Entertainment
Falcon 4.0: Allied Force	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
Magic Carpet 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spider-Man: Chapter One	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ilse Witch	publisher	Del Rey Books
Antrax	publisher	Del Rey Books
Morgawr	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sega Marine Fishing	publisher	Sega
Weetzie Bat	publisher	Harper Collins
Working Classics	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Avalon Hill's Advanced Civilization	publisher	Avalon Hill
Sarrasine	publisher	Charles Gosselin
Black	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dungeons & Dragons: Dragonshard	publisher	Atari
North and South	publisher	Chapman & Hall
I Am David	publisher	Gyldendal
I Am David	publisher	Methuen Publishing
A-10 Cuba!	publisher	Activision
TNA Wrestling Impact!	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Batman Begins	publisher	Electronic Arts
Do You Speak American%3F	publisher	Nan A. Talese
Do You Speak American%3F	publisher	Mariner Books
Do You Speak American%3F	publisher	Nan A. Talese, Random House Digital, Inc.
What Is Life%3F	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Batman Forever: The Arcade Game	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Cry to Heaven	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ace of Aces	publisher	Accolade
Ace of Aces	publisher	U.S. Gold
Ace of Aces	publisher	Tiertex Design Studios
Aces of the Pacific	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
GURPS Middle Ages I	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
NFL SuperPro	publisher	Marvel Comics
Magic: The Gathering – Battlegrounds	publisher	Atari
Secret War	publisher	Marvel Comics
Steel Battalion: Line of Contact	publisher	Capcom
The Jungles of Chult	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Complete Adventurer	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Complete Warrior	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Beilstein Journal of Organic Chemistry	publisher	Beilstein Institute for the Advancement of Chemical Sciences, until February 2008 in partnership with BioMed Central
Today We Choose Faces	publisher	New American Library
Aggressive Inline	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Airborne Ranger	publisher	MicroProse
Delta Force: Xtreme	publisher	NovaLogic
Inside Job	publisher	Dell Magazines
Inside Job	publisher	Subterranean Press
Remake	publisher	Shingletown
Bellwether	publisher	Bantam Books
Weird Fantasy	publisher	EC Comics
Weird Science	publisher	EC Comics
Command & Conquer: Renegade	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Dominion: Storm Over Gift 3	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Kennedy Approach	publisher	MicroProse
Wolverine	publisher	LJN
Batman: Return of the Joker	publisher	Sunsoft
Captain America and The Avengers	publisher	Data East
Captain America and The Avengers	publisher	Mindscape
The Buddha of Suburbia	publisher	Faber and Faber
G.I. Joe	publisher	Taxan
Silver Surfer	publisher	Arcadia Systems
Hillsfar	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Hillsfar	publisher	U.S. Gold
Hillsfar	publisher	Pony Canyon
Hillsfar	publisher	FCI
Adventure Island 3	publisher	Hudson Soft
Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the Imperfects	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Making of The Wizard of Oz	publisher	Hyperion
Metropolismania	publisher	Natsume
Pacific Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
Super Tennis	publisher	Nintendo
Jurassic Park III	publisher	Konami
The Robber Bridegroom	publisher	Doubleday
The Robber Bridegroom	publisher	The Bodley Head
Area 51: Site 4	publisher	Atari Games
Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
Detective School Q	publisher	Kodansha
Armor Ambush	publisher	M-Network
Tribulations of a Chinaman in China	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Atlantis	publisher	Imagic
The Great Waldo Search	publisher	THQ
Warriors of Might and Magic	publisher	The 3DO Company
Warriors of Might and Magic	publisher	Success
Bachelor Party	publisher	Mystique
Chase the Chuck Wagon	publisher	Spectravideo
Artillery Duel	publisher	Xonox
Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure	publisher	Activision
Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure	publisher	GAMEBANK Corp.
Toonstruck	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Noon: 22nd Century	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
World's End	publisher	Viking Press
World's End	publisher	T. Werner Laurie
Honey and Clover	publisher	Shueisha
Forktail	publisher	Oriental Bird Club
An Instance of the Fingerpost	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Syndicate Wars	publisher	Electronic Arts
Heavenly Sword	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Escape Attempt	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Poirot Investigates	publisher	The Bodley Head
Horrible Science	publisher	Scholastic
Pokémon Ranger	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Rocks'n'Diamonds	publisher	Artsoft Entertainment
Hornblower in the West Indies	publisher	Penguin Group
Guardic	publisher	Compile, D4 Enterprise
Sky Coyote	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
A Little Snow Fairy Sugar	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
To Reign in Hell: The Exile of Khan Noonien Singh	publisher	Pocket Books
Outpost 2: Divided Destiny	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Honour Among Thieves	publisher	HarperCollins
Super Battletank	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Cromartie High School	publisher	Kodansha
Little Birds	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Far Rainbow	publisher	Mir in USSR,
Far Rainbow	publisher	Macmillan in U.S.
Almost Transparent Blue	publisher	Kodansha
River Raid	publisher	Activision
A Bug's Life	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Bug's Life	publisher	Disney Interactive
A Bug's Life	publisher	THQ
A Bug's Life	publisher	Activision
Mendoza in Hollywood	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Gates of Morning	publisher	Hutchinson
Monster Rancher 2	publisher	Tecmo
A Prehistoric Tale	publisher	Thalion Software
A Question of Sport	publisher	Elite Systems
A Question of Sport	publisher	Superior Software
The Mount	publisher	Small Beer Press
March Violets	publisher	Viking Press, London
Cain Rose Up	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Pac-Man Collection	publisher	Namco
Robo Aleste	publisher	Compile
NASCAR Racing 3	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Snows of Kilimanjaro	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Men Without Women	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Winner Take Nothing	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Rocko's Modern Life: Spunky's Dangerous Day	publisher	Viacom New Media
Starship Traveller	publisher	Puffin Books
Starship Traveller	publisher	Wizzard Books
The Devil Finds Work	publisher	The Dial Press
Legend of Ogre Battle Gaiden: Prince of Zenobia	publisher	SNK
Doctors	publisher	Bantam Books
The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life	publisher	Anchor Books
A-10 Attack!	publisher	Parsoft Interactive
Aaargh!	publisher	Arcadia Systems
Aaargh!	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
VBS1	publisher	BIS and BIA , Coalescent Technologies
Gridrunner++	publisher	Llamasoft
The Graveyard Game	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Formula One Grand Prix	publisher	MicroProse
The Rose and the Yew Tree	publisher	Heinemann
Strider	publisher	HarperCollins
Aardvark	publisher	Bug-Byte
Team Apache	publisher	Mindscape Group
Physics Today	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Scandal at High Chimneys	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Scandal at High Chimneys	publisher	Harper
Abandoned Places	publisher	Electronic Zoo
Abandoned Places	publisher	International Computer Entertainment
Maine Law Review	publisher	University of Maine School of Law
Auto Modellista	publisher	Capcom
How to Eat Fried Worms	publisher	Franklin Watts
The Life of the World to Come	publisher	Tor Books
Lord of the Rings	publisher	Kosmos
Lord of the Rings	publisher	Hasbro
Lord of the Rings	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Lord of the Rings	publisher	999
Tales of Destiny	publisher	Namco
Tales of Destiny	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Splatterhouse	publisher	Namco
Splatterhouse	publisher	Namco Networks America
Super Adventure Island	publisher	Hudson Soft
California Games II	publisher	Epyx
The Shadow Line	publisher	J. M. Dent
Porky Pig's Haunted Holiday	publisher	Sunsoft
The Human Factor	publisher	The Bodley Head
NFL Quarterback Club 98	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Weird Science-Fantasy	publisher	EC Comics
Giant's Bread	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Unfinished Portrait	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Absent in the Spring	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Too Many Magicians	publisher	Doubleday
Samurai Warriors	publisher	Koei
Colonization: Second Contact	publisher	Del Rey Books
Abandoned Places 2	publisher	International Computer Entertainment
Pentagram	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Complete Divine	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Bully	publisher	Rockstar Games
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers or The Roly-Poly Pudding	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
ABC Monday Night Football	publisher	Data East
Tomie	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Rocket: Robot on Wheels	publisher	Ubisoft
Abba Abba	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Dreaming	publisher	Vertigo
Pitfall II: Lost Caverns	publisher	Activision
Pitfall II: Lost Caverns	publisher	Sega
The Jagged Orbit	publisher	Ace Books
The Ren & Stimpy Show: Veediots!	publisher	THQ
Beat 'Em & Eat 'Em	publisher	Mystique
Lucky Child	publisher	HarperCollins
Here Is Greenwood	publisher	Hakusensha
Miss Rumphius	publisher	Viking Press
Cantarella	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Burden	publisher	Heinemann
The Labours of Hercules	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Poirot's Early Cases	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Partners in Crime	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Hell Island	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Hydro Thunder	publisher	Midway Games
ABPA Backgammon	publisher	Mattel
ABPA Backgammon	publisher	Sears
Eyes	publisher	Rock-Ola
Lunar Jetman	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Gunparade March	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Abyss	publisher	Cases Computer Simulations
Ring	publisher	HarperCollins
The Batman Adventures: Mad Love	publisher	DC Comics
Yummy Fur	publisher	Self-publishing
Yummy Fur	publisher	Vortex Comics
Yummy Fur	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
The White Bull	publisher	1773
Hacking: The Art of Exploitation	publisher	No Starch Press
Capitalism	publisher	Interactive Magic
A-10 Tank Killer	publisher	Dynamix
The Return	publisher	Pocket Books
Our Island Story	publisher	Civitas
Our Island Story	publisher	Galore Park
Armies of Exigo	publisher	Electronic Arts
Burnout Legends	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pit-Fighter	publisher	Atari Games
Pit-Fighter	publisher	Tengen
Pit-Fighter	publisher	Konami
Comic Book Artist	publisher	TwoMorrows Publishing
Comic Book Artist	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Emerson Review	publisher	Emerson College
Shadowrun	publisher	Compile
War of the Spider Queen	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Shadowrun	publisher	Data East
Bullet Park	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
NFL Quarterback Club 99	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Atic Atac	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Alisia Dragoon	publisher	Sega
Jackie Chan Adventures	publisher	Hip Games
WTA Tour Tennis	publisher	Konami
A2 Racer	publisher	Davilex Games
Cyberun	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Mario's Picross	publisher	Nintendo
Front Mission 4	publisher	Square Enix
Bubbler	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
The Sheep Look Up	publisher	Harper & Row
Scooby-Doo! Mystery of the Fun Park Phantom	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
A320 Airbus	publisher	Thalion Software
FantaVision	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Stanford Review	publisher	Stanford University
After Worlds Collide	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes Company
Hard to Be a God	publisher	Seabury Press
Fantasia	publisher	Sega
Scorpia	publisher	Walker Books
Eagle Strike	publisher	Walker Books
Shadow President	publisher	DC True
Jim the Boy	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
The Constant Gardener	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Dinamani	publisher	The New Indian Express Group
Voyage: Inspired by Jules Verne	publisher	The Adventure Company
Mermaid Saga	publisher	Shogakukan
The Kid from Hell	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Dr. Heidenhoff's Process	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Mega Man X Collection	publisher	Capcom
Dungeons & Dragons Online	publisher	*
Dungeons & Dragons Online	publisher	Atari
Dungeons & Dragons Online	publisher	Codemasters
Dungeons & Dragons Online	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Midtown Madness 2	publisher	Microsoft
Midtown Madness 3	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Third Wave	publisher	Bantam Books
The Wave	publisher	Dell Publishing
G.U.	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Magical Taluluto	publisher	Shueisha
Stiff Upper Lip, Jeeves	publisher	Simon & Schuster, Inc.
Avalon	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
A Certain Smile	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Destination: Morgue!	publisher	Vintage
All-Star Superman	publisher	DC Comics
PowerSlave	publisher	Playmates Interactive Entertainment
PowerSlave	publisher	BMG Interactive
Crime Wave	publisher	Vintage
Hollywood Nocturnes	publisher	Otto Penzler
Who Wants to Beat Up a Millionaire%3F	publisher	Simon & Schuster Interactive
The Train: Escape to Normandy	publisher	Accolade
Psychic Academy	publisher	Kodansha
NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup	publisher	EA Sports
Kaspar	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Back Issue!	publisher	TwoMorrows Publishing
Lucky You	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Duncton Wood	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Shonan Junai Gumi	publisher	Kodansha
The Point Reyes Light	publisher	Marin Media Institute.html
The Black Dwarf	publisher	William Blackwood, Edinburgh
The Black Dwarf	publisher	John Murray, London
Bible and Spade	publisher	Associates for Biblical Research
Gunfright	publisher	U.S. Gold
Piracy	publisher	EC Comics
Arcadians	publisher	Acornsoft
Ibid: A Life	publisher	Cage
Sepia	publisher	George Levitan
Faggots	publisher	Random House
Suikoden IV	publisher	Konami
Panic Park	publisher	Namco
Sonnets to Orpheus	publisher	Die Insel
Countdown	publisher	Polystyle Publications
Ōkami	publisher	Capcom
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Crusader Kings	publisher	Paradox Interactive
En Garde!	publisher	Margam Evans Limited
DuckTales: The Quest for Gold	publisher	Walt Disney Computer Software
The Beast in the Jungle	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Beast in the Jungle	publisher	London
The Beast in the Jungle	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons, New York City
Animal Yokochō	publisher	Shueisha
City of Night	publisher	Grove Press
The Real Eve	publisher	Basic Books
Military Madness	publisher	Hudson Soft
Star Trek: The Role Playing Game	publisher	FASA Corporation
Star Trek: The Next Generation Role-playing Game	publisher	Last Unicorn Games
Star Trek Roleplaying Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
Blue	publisher	Magazine House
Fightball	publisher	Cheapass Games
Sexy Voice and Robo	publisher	Shogakukan
Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards	publisher	Nintendo
Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association	publisher	Sage Publications
Sammy Lightfoot	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Fahrenheit	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Fahrenheit	publisher	Aspyr
Fahrenheit	publisher	Quantic Dream
Sabotage	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Nitro	publisher	Psygnosis
Tattoo Assassins	publisher	Data East
Silent Möbius	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
North & South	publisher	Infogrames
Zeus: Master of Olympus	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Nightrunners of Bengal	publisher	Michael Joseph
Sugar Busters!	publisher	Ballantine Books
Kirby's Block Ball	publisher	Nintendo
Harvest Moon: Save the Homeland	publisher	Natsume
Harvest Moon 2 GBC	publisher	Natsume Co., Ltd
Harvest Moon 2 GBC	publisher	Nintendo Australia
Boy's Next Door	publisher	Hakusensha
Dragon Ball Z: Idainaru Dragon Ball Densetsu	publisher	Bandai
Americana	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Harvest Moon 3 GBC	publisher	Natsume
Harvest Moon 3 GBC	publisher	Nintendo Australia
Harvest Moon: Back to Nature	publisher	Natsume
The Last Samurai	publisher	Hyperion Books
Conflict: Desert Storm	publisher	SCi
Takeshi no Chōsenjō	publisher	Taito Corporation
Railway Age	publisher	Simmons-Boardman Publishing Corporation
The White Dragon	publisher	Ballantine Books
Trinity's Child	publisher	Putnam Pub Group
Book of Vile Darkness	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
ABC Sports Indy Racing	publisher	ABC Interactive
Monster Allergy	publisher	Buena Vista Comics
Monster Allergy	publisher	Panini Comics
Great Jones Street	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Transition Magazine	publisher	Indiana University Press for the Hutchins Center, Harvard University
Madness and the Minotaur	publisher	Radio Shack
Killing Aurora	publisher	Penguin Books
Front Mission Alternative	publisher	Square
Devil Bunny Needs a Ham	publisher	Cheapass Games
Get Out	publisher	Cheapass Games
Beach Music	publisher	Doubleday
Space Spartans	publisher	Mattel
Space Spartans	publisher	Sears, Roebuck and Company
Goodnight Opus	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
Gameplay	publisher	ITC Publishing
Tales of Ten Worlds	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Stonkers	publisher	Imagine Software
Of Time and Stars	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Motherless Brooklyn	publisher	Doubleday
The Fortress of Solitude	publisher	Doubleday
Test Drive Unlimited	publisher	Atari
Manifold: Time	publisher	Voyager Books
Manifold: Time	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Big Bamboo	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hunter Patrol	publisher	Mastertronic
ABC Wide World of Sports Boxing	publisher	Data East
Cyberforce	publisher	DC Comics
Cyberforce	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Leander	publisher	Psygnosis
The Hours	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Tron: Deadly Discs	publisher	Mattel
Astrosmash	publisher	Mattel
One Man and His Droid	publisher	Mastertronic
The Hero and the Crown	publisher	Greenwillow Books
The Cook Political Report	publisher	Charlie Cook
NASCAR Thunder 2003	publisher	Electronic Arts
CSI: Miami	publisher	Ubisoft
CSI: Miami	publisher	Gameloft
Romola	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Abbot	publisher	Longman
The Europeans	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Europeans	publisher	London
The Europeans	publisher	Houghton, Osgood and Company, Boston
Battle Realms	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Battle Realms	publisher	Ubisoft
187 Ride or Die	publisher	Ubisoft
Psi-Force	publisher	Marvel Comics
Flags of Our Fathers	publisher	Bantam Books
Devil in a Blue Dress	publisher	Norton
Abomination: The Nemesis Project	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Der Untertan	publisher	Kurt Wolff
House & Garden	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Wild Arms 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wild Arms 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
I'll	publisher	Shueisha
ATV: Quad Frenzy	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Polarium Advance	publisher	Nintendo
Polarium Advance	publisher	Atlus
The Death Trap	publisher	Square
The Gnome King of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Blades of Thunder II	publisher	Summitsoft Entertainment
The Liar	publisher	Heinemann
Emily of New Moon	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Looking for Mr. Goodbar	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Rebel Moon Rising	publisher	GT Interactive
Atlantis	publisher	Imagic
Putt-Putt	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Putt-Putt	publisher	Atari
The Fourth Way	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Halsbury's Statutes	publisher	LexisNexis Butterworths
Women	publisher	Black Sparrow Press
The Man Without Qualities	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
Space Mowgli	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Jump Super Stars	publisher	Nintendo
Jump Super Stars	publisher	Tommo Inc.
DarkSpace	publisher	Palestar, Got Game Entertainment
BattleTanx	publisher	3
Birds & Blooms	publisher	Reiman Publications
Eastern Front	publisher	APX, Atari, Inc.
The Rub Rabbits!	publisher	Sega
2001 Nights	publisher	Futabasha
Caverns of Mars	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Greendog: The Beached Surfer Dude!	publisher	Sega
The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg	publisher	Harper & Brothers
In Defense of Internment	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Spider-Man: Web of Fire	publisher	Sega
Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Detective	publisher	ICOM Simulations
Colors	publisher	Gizmondo
Gun	publisher	Activision
Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Baseball Mogul	publisher	Sports Mogul
Mortal Kombat: Shaolin Monks	publisher	Midway Games
Sandgrouse	publisher	Ornithological Society of the Middle East
Encyclopedia of White Power	publisher	AltaMira Press
Resident Evil: Caliban Cove	publisher	Pocket Books
Invasion: How America Still Welcomes Terrorists, Criminals, and Other Foreign Menaces to Our Shores	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Resident Evil: Underworld	publisher	Pocket Books
Crimson	publisher	Cliffhanger
Crimson	publisher	Wildstorm Comics
Classics Illustrated	publisher	Elliot Publishing Co.
Classics Illustrated	publisher	Gilberton Company, Inc.
Classics Illustrated	publisher	Frawley Corporation
Bringing Down the House	publisher	Free Press
NetStorm: Islands At War	publisher	Activision
The Education of Robert Nifkin	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Poseidon: Master of Atlantis	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Out of the Dust	publisher	Scholastic Press
Goblin Commander: Unleash the Horde	publisher	Jaleco
Phantasy Star Universe	publisher	Sega
Shalimar the Clown	publisher	Jonathan Cape
An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews	publisher	A. Dodd
Siege of Avalon	publisher	Take 2
Siege of Avalon	publisher	Globalstar
Siege of Avalon	publisher	Sendit.com
My Sister's Keeper	publisher	Atria
The Bacta War	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Red Tree	publisher	Lothian Books
The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers	publisher	Random House
Colin McRae Rally	publisher	Codemasters
Colin McRae Rally	publisher	Feral Interactive
GURPS Cabal	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Sunset Song	publisher	Jarrolds Publishing
BattleTech: The Crescent Hawk's Inception	publisher	Infocom
Ridge Racer V	publisher	Namco
Ridge Racer 2	publisher	Namco
Rage Racer	publisher	Namco
Rave Racer	publisher	Namco
Marvel Knights 4	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Field of Swords	publisher	HarperCollins
Neanderthal	publisher	Random House
Can You Forgive Her%3F	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Spider-Man and Venom: Maximum Carnage	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Shannara	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Bram Stoker's Dracula	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Bram Stoker's Dracula	publisher	Psygnosis
Master Comics	publisher	Fawcett Comics
Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Rabbit, Run	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Frankie Goes to Hollywood	publisher	Ocean Software
Nightshade	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Free Inquiry	publisher	Council for Secular Humanism
The End	publisher	HarperCollins
Demon Sword	publisher	Taito Corporation
Stolen Valor	publisher	Verity Press, INC., Dallas, TX.
Goal!	publisher	Jaleco
The Book of Good Love	publisher	None
Famicom Wars	publisher	Nintendo
Casino Royale	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Incredibly Strange Films	publisher	Search
Drakan: Order of the Flame	publisher	Psygnosis
Annie John	publisher	Hill & Wang Pub
Annie John	publisher	Vintage
Shuffle!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shuffle!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Silent Storm	publisher	1
Silent Storm	publisher	JoWood
Ares	publisher	Ambrosia Software
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation	publisher	Ubisoft
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation	publisher	Aspyr
Invasion!	publisher	DC Comics
Báiki	publisher	Center for Environmental Economic Development
CSI: Dark Motives	publisher	Ubisoft
A World Out of Time	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Knees Up Mother Earth	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Legion of the Lost	publisher	Berkley Books
The Pandora Directive	publisher	Access Software
Pharaoh	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Nuts	publisher	IPC Publishing Divisions
All I Need Is Love	publisher	Random House
All I Need Is Love	publisher	Viking Press
The Emperor of Dreams	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Hoity Toity	publisher	Überplay
Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game	publisher	Palladium Books
The Fox and the Crow	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research	publisher	Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence
The Story of B	publisher	Bantam Dell
NCAA Football 06	publisher	EA Sports
Philosophical Magazine	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The OMAC Project	publisher	DC Comics
The Incredible Toon Machine	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Spacemaster	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
Rann–Thanagar War	publisher	DC Comics
The DNAgents	publisher	Eclipse Comics
High Seas Havoc	publisher	Data East
High Seas Havoc	publisher	Codemasters
Soldiers: Heroes of World War II	publisher	Codemasters
Sunrunner's Fire	publisher	DAW Books
Mabinogi	publisher	Nexon Corporation
All Tomorrow's Parties	publisher	Viking Press
The Star Scroll	publisher	DAW Books
South of the Border, West of the Sun	publisher	Kodansha
Kriminal	publisher	Editoriale Corno
Wiz 'n' Liz	publisher	Psygnosis
Night Watch	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
Cliffhanger	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Cliffhanger	publisher	Psygnosis
The Book of Lost Souls	publisher	Icon Comics imprint
In Search of the Cradle of Civilization	publisher	Quest Books
Hello America	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Den of Thieves	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Cannonball Blitz	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Mars	publisher	Kodansha
J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, Vol. I	publisher	Interplay
Dying to Win	publisher	Random House
Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers	publisher	Capcom
The Three Hostages	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Strip Tease	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Austerlitz	publisher	C. Hanser
Star Trek: Vanguard	publisher	Pocket Books
Ultima Online: Mondain's Legacy	publisher	Electronic Arts
Villains United	publisher	DC Comics
The Glove of Darth Vader	publisher	Skylark
The Super Barbarians	publisher	1962
To Conquer Chaos	publisher	Ace Books
Heart of the Comet	publisher	Bantam Spectra
If I Ran the Zoo	publisher	Redbook
If I Ran the Zoo	publisher	Random House
Carrie's War	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Army Moves	publisher	Imagine Software
Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game	publisher	West End Games
Rick Dangerous 2	publisher	Micro Style
Caesar IV	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Illywhacker	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Illywhacker	publisher	Faber & Faber
Illywhacker	publisher	Harper & Row
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth II	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX 2	publisher	Activision
Black Holes and Time Warps	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Lost King of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Grampa in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Hungry Tiger of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
RFactor	publisher	Self published by Image Space Incorporated
The Giant Horse of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Twisted Metal: Black	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Handy Mandy in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Runaway: A Road Adventure	publisher	Dinamic Multimedia
Runaway: A Road Adventure	publisher	FX Interactive
Runaway: A Road Adventure	publisher	Tri Synergy
Merry Go Round in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Hidden Valley of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Magical Mimics in Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Gold Rush!	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Gold Rush!	publisher	The Software Farm
Gold Rush!	publisher	Sunlight Games
The Shaggy Man of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Wonder City of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Scalawagons of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Below the Root	publisher	Windham Classics
Sanitarium	publisher	ASC Games
Sanitarium	publisher	DotEmu
Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns	publisher	Gottfried Bermann Fischer
Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
John Saul's Blackstone Chronicles	publisher	Mindscape
Ark Angel	publisher	Puffin Books
Fatal Racing	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Republican News	publisher	Sinn Fein
Wings	publisher	Cinemaware
Turrican II: The Final Fight	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Turrican II: The Final Fight	publisher	Accolade
The White Peacock	publisher	Heinemann
Plan 9 from Outer Space	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
The Killing Zone	publisher	\
Flint the Time Detective	publisher	Kodansha
I, Lucifer	publisher	Souvenir Press
Obscure	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Obscure	publisher	MC2-Microïds
Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Brian Lara International Cricket 2005	publisher	Codemasters
Blast Off	publisher	Namco
Shadowfist	publisher	Inner Kingdom Games
Shadowfist	publisher	Z-Man Games
Shadowfist	publisher	Daedalus Entertainment
The White Guard	publisher	Художественная литература
The White Guard	publisher	Yale University Press
The Magic Toyshop	publisher	Heinemann
Desire	publisher	Tokuma Shoten Publishing
Drake of the 99 Dragons	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Demon's Crest	publisher	Capcom
Time Traveler	publisher	Arcade published by Sega, PC/DVD by Digital Leisure
Solar Lottery	publisher	Ace Books
The Lost Girl	publisher	Martin Secker
The Lost Girl	publisher	Thomas Seltzer
A Closed Book	publisher	Faber & Faber
Secret Origins	publisher	DC Comics
NCAA Football 2005	publisher	EA Sports
Dark Messiah of Might and Magic	publisher	Ubisoft
Legendary Wings	publisher	Capcom
Incorruptible	publisher	Boom! Studios
Blake Stone: Planet Strike	publisher	Apogee Software
Extreme Justice	publisher	DC Comics
Robotech Defenders	publisher	DC Comics
Little Fuzzy	publisher	Avon
The Gulf Today	publisher	Dar Al Khaleej
The Trespasser	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
Vimanarama	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Umihara Kawase	publisher	XING
Umihara Kawase	publisher	Agatsuma Entertainment
Umihara Kawase	publisher	Degica
Greek Homosexuality	publisher	Harvard University Press
Slipback	publisher	Target Books
The Quarterly Review of Biology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Judge	publisher	Futabasha
GURPS Alternate Earths	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Utsurun Desu.: Kawauso Hawaii e Iku!!!	publisher	Takara
Utsurun Desu.: Kawauso Hawaii e Iku!!!	publisher	Shogakukan Productions Co.,Ltd.
Utsurun Desu.	publisher	Shogakukan
Trailblazer	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Trailblazer	publisher	Mindscape, Inc.
Trailblazer	publisher	Gizmondo Games
Family Album	publisher	Random House
GURPS Alternate Earths II	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Heir of Sea and Fire	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Queen's Nose	publisher	Gollancz
Haunted Junction	publisher	MediaWorks
Beetlejuice	publisher	LJN
Beetlejuice	publisher	Hi Tech
Felix the Cat	publisher	Hudson Soft
Jungle Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fighting Force 2	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Space Wars	publisher	Cinematronics
Grand Prix 4	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
GURPS Infinite Worlds	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
More Than Human	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Young
The Hampdenshire Wonder	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
The Space Bar	publisher	Rocket Science Games
The Space Bar	publisher	SegaSoft
Son of Blagger	publisher	Alligata
Mortal Kombat Kard Game	publisher	BradyGames
Dragon View	publisher	Kemco
GURPS Atomic Horror	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Prehistorik	publisher	Titus Interactive
Pushover	publisher	Ocean Software
Hare Raising Havoc	publisher	Disney Software
Nursing Standard	publisher	RCNi
Narcissu	publisher	insani
Narcissu	publisher	Sekai Project
Birds of Prey	publisher	Baen
Rapture	publisher	Villard
The Death of the West	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Close Range: Wyoming Stories	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Palomita Blanca	publisher	Zig-Zag
Conflict: Desert Storm II	publisher	SCi
Conflict: Desert Storm II	publisher	Gotham Games
Double Dragon	publisher	Technōs Japan, SNK
Phantom	publisher	Doubleday
Small Is Beautiful	publisher	Blond & Briggs , HarperCollins
Nancy Drew: Treasure in the Royal Tower	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Nancy Drew: The Final Scene	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
The Club Dumas	publisher	required
The Ticket That Exploded	publisher	Olympia Press
Angewandte Chemie	publisher	Wiley-VCH
The Poetics of Space	publisher	Presses Universitaires de France
The Third Chimpanzee	publisher	Hutchinson Radius
F-22 Interceptor	publisher	Electronic Arts
Boy Commandos	publisher	DC Comics
Life Expectancy	publisher	Bantam Books
Titan	publisher	Titus Software
Slayer	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Noble Causes	publisher	Image Comics
The Mummy, or Ramses the Damned	publisher	Ballantine Books
Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Poor White	publisher	B. W. Huebsch
The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Red Pony	publisher	Covici Friede
Final Exit	publisher	Dell
Three Guineas	publisher	Hogarth Press
Allure	publisher	Condé Nast
The Man Who Loved Only Numbers	publisher	Hyperion Books
Croc 2	publisher	*
Croc 2	publisher	Fox Interactive
Croc 2	publisher	THQ
PLOS Medicine	publisher	Public Library of Science
Bully for Brontosaurus	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Ladysmith	publisher	Faber and Faber
Bomb Jack	publisher	Tehkan
Journal of Film and Video	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Cinema Journal	publisher	University of Texas Press
The Last King of Scotland	publisher	Faber and Faber
Envy	publisher	Hogarth Press
The Wars	publisher	Clarke, Irwin
The Hidden Past	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Dark Rival	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Rising Force	publisher	Scholastic Press
Away	publisher	Currency Press
Return to Krondor	publisher	Sierra Studios
Return to Krondor	publisher	Activision
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events	publisher	Activision
Amanda	publisher	Scholastic Press
Fast Food	publisher	Codemasters
The Recycler	publisher	E Z Buy & E Z Sell Recycler Corporation of Southern California through Target Media Partners
Fantasy World Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Kwik Snax	publisher	Codemasters
Magicland Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Message in a Bottle	publisher	Warner Books
Metamorphosis Alpha	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Metamorphosis Alpha	publisher	Fast Forward Entertainment
Metamorphosis Alpha	publisher	Mudpuppy Games
Metamorphosis Alpha	publisher	WardCo.
Khaleej Times	publisher	Galadari Printing and Publishing
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	publisher	Viking Press
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	publisher	Signet Books
Dizzy Down the Rapids	publisher	Codemasters
Bubble Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Dizzy Prince of the Yolkfolk	publisher	Codemasters
Elseworlds 80-Page Giant	publisher	DC Comics
Dizzy Panic!	publisher	Codemasters
The Trigger	publisher	Voyager Books
The Trigger	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Switchblade II	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
The Mark of the Crown	publisher	Scholastic Press
Epic	publisher	Ocean Software
The Defenders of the Dead	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Uncertain Path	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Captive Temple	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Day of Reckoning	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Fight for Truth	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Shattered Peace	publisher	Scholastic Press
Heimdall	publisher	Core Design
Heimdall	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Deadly Hunter	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Evil Experiment	publisher	Scholastic Press
Cisco Heat	publisher	Jaleco
Cisco Heat	publisher	Image Works
Coala	publisher	Empire Interactive
Cannon Fodder 2	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Conflict: Vietnam	publisher	SCi
Conflict: Vietnam	publisher	Global Star Software
Moon Tycoon	publisher	Anarchy Enterprises
Feather Boy	publisher	HarperCollins
Obitus	publisher	Psygnosis
Obitus	publisher	Bullet-Proof Software
Campaign	publisher	Empire Interactive
GeGeGe no Kitarō	publisher	Kodansha
Operation: Inner Space	publisher	Software Dynamics
Ring of Red	publisher	Konami
Hecatomb	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Brain Powerd	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Categories for the Working Mathematician	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Gaia Gear	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pop'n music 8	publisher	Konami
Pop'n music 9	publisher	Konami
Dersu Uzala	publisher	McPherson
Spellbound Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
%22...And Ladies of the Club%22	publisher	*
%22...And Ladies of the Club%22	publisher	Ohio State University Press
%22...And Ladies of the Club%22	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
%22...And Ladies of the Club%22	publisher	Berkley Books
Shivers	publisher	Sierra On-Line, Inc.
Crystal Kingdom Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Super Robin Hood	publisher	Codemasters
The Adventures of El Ballo	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Ghost Hunters	publisher	Codemasters
Wonderland Dizzy	publisher	Codemasters
Doomdark's Revenge	publisher	Beyond Software
Compliance Week	publisher	Wilmington Group plc
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man	publisher	Berrett-Koehler Publishers
Eleanor Rigby	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Delta Force: Black Hawk Down	publisher	NovaLogic
Delta Force: Black Hawk Down	publisher	Aspyr
The Excellent Dizzy Collection	publisher	Codemasters
The Dangerous Rescue	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Death of Hope	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Call to Vengeance	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Only Witness	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Threat Within	publisher	Scholastic Press
One Must Fall: 2097	publisher	Epic Games
Among the Thugs	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Guardians	publisher	Friedlander Publishing Group
Lords of Conquest	publisher	Don Daglow
The Prestige	publisher	Touchstone, Simon & Schuster
Ecks vs. Sever	publisher	Bam! Entertainment
Ecks vs. Sever	publisher	Franchise Interactive
Silent Steel	publisher	Tsunami Games
The Prime Minister	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Operation Neptune	publisher	The Learning Company
The Odessa File	publisher	Hutchinson
Red Star Over China	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Time's Arrow	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Company of Heroes	publisher	THQ
Company of Heroes	publisher	Sega
Tablet of Destinies	publisher	HarperCollins
Cowboy Bebop: Tsuioku no Serenade	publisher	Bandai
Flux	publisher	HarperCollins
Enthusia Professional Racing	publisher	Konami
Dance of the Yellow-Breasted Luddites	publisher	Tor Books
The Halloween Tree	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Julie of the Wolves	publisher	Harper & Row
Liberator	publisher	Atari Games
Shakugan no Shana	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Shakugan no Shana	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Tales of the World: Narikiri Dungeon 3	publisher	Namco
The Runaway in Oz	publisher	Books of Wonder
BattleDragons	publisher	Spartacus Publishing
Amnesia	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pinball, 1973	publisher	Kodansha
Deep Core	publisher	International Computer Entertainment
Azuki-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Aria: Canticle of the Monomyth	publisher	Last Unicorn Games
The Thirteenth Tribe	publisher	Hutchinson
The Pothunters	publisher	A & C Black
James Pond 2	publisher	Millennium Interactive
James Pond 2	publisher	U.S. Gold
James Pond 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
James Pond 2	publisher	Play It Ltd
James Pond 2	publisher	Ocean Software
James Pond 2	publisher	Valcon Games
James Pond 2	publisher	Codemasters
My Street	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment of America
The Logia of Yeshua	publisher	Counterpoint
The Guy Game	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Star Wars: The New Droid Army	publisher	THQ
Twice-Told Tales	publisher	American Stationers Co.
Impact	publisher	EC Comics
Tsurikko Penta	publisher	Konami
Zoda's Revenge: StarTropics II	publisher	Nintendo
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Champions: Return to Arms	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Patton Versus Rommel	publisher	Electronic Arts
Winston's War	publisher	HarperCollins
Rainbow Fish	publisher	NordSüd Verlag
Players	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Running Dog	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tales of Legendia	publisher	Namco
Never Surrender	publisher	HarperCollins
Tass Times in Tonetown	publisher	Activision
Someone Like You	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Abominable Man	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Abominable Man	publisher	Pantheon Books
Targ	publisher	Exidy
A Stranger in the Mirror	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Half-Life 2: Lost Coast	publisher	Valve Corporation
Base Jumpers	publisher	Rasputin Software
The Streets of Ankh-Morpork	publisher	Corgi Books
Green Shadows, White Whale	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A Prefect's Uncle	publisher	A & C Black
The Sign of the Twisted Candles	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Password to Larkspur Lane	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Eco	publisher	Ocean Software
Alpha Mission	publisher	SNK
Zeliard	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Frenzy	publisher	Stern
Lawrence of Arabia: The Authorised Biography of T. E. Lawrence	publisher	William Heinemann
Tales from the Perilous Realm	publisher	HarperCollins
Hidden Ivies	publisher	New York City : Cliff Street Books
Futaba-kun Change!	publisher	Shueisha
Strawberry Marshmallow	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit and Other Plays	publisher	Bantam Books
SegaSonic the Hedgehog	publisher	Sega
The City of Falling Angels	publisher	Penguin Press
The Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
3rd Super Robot Wars Alpha: To the End of the Galaxy	publisher	Banpresto
Ricochet	publisher	Superior Software
Ricochet	publisher	Superior Interactive
The Agony and the Ecstasy	publisher	Doubleday
Don't Go to Jail	publisher	Parker Brothers
Baribari Legend	publisher	Kodansha
Blue Rose	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
Five Weeks in a Balloon	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Widow's Broom	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Oku-sama wa Joshi Kōsei	publisher	Shueisha
The Hungry Tide	publisher	HarperCollins
Language Made Plain	publisher	English Universities Press
An Imaginary Life	publisher	George Braziller
An Imaginary Life	publisher	Chatto & Windus
I Heard the Owl Call My Name	publisher	Clarke, Irwin & Company
What Is Literature%3F	publisher	Methuen & Co. LTD.
A Mouthful of Air	publisher	Hutchinson
A Mouthful of Air	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Setting Free the Bears	publisher	Random House
The Shattered Chain	publisher	DAW Books
Doom Trooper	publisher	Target Games
To Have and to Hold	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Rigveda: A Historical Analysis	publisher	Aditya Prakashan
The European Miracle	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Men's World	publisher	Paul Raymond Publications
Gotcha! The Sport!	publisher	LJN
Typhoon Thompson	publisher	Brøderbund
The Chrysanthemum and the Sword	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Sword of the Lictor	publisher	Timescape Books
The Claw of the Conciliator	publisher	Timescape Books
The Shadow of the Torturer	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Homeworld	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Pillar of Fire and Other Plays	publisher	Simon & Schuster
nWo Thunder	publisher	THQ
Formal Aspects of Computing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
WWE Road to WrestleMania X8	publisher	THQ
Black Enterprise	publisher	Earl G. Graves, Sr.
The Impossible Man	publisher	Berkley Books
Galactic Empire	publisher	Coktel Vision
International Conference on Software Engineering	publisher	ACM and IEEE Computer Society
The Ingoldsby Legends	publisher	J. M. Dent
Tales of the Unexpected	publisher	Michael Joseph
Hooking Up	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
ZanZarah: The Hidden Portal	publisher	THQ
ZanZarah: The Hidden Portal	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Black Gate	publisher	New Epoch Press
Mega Morphs	publisher	Marvel Comics
BioEssays	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Short-Timers	publisher	Harper and Row
The Short-Timers	publisher	Bantam Books
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny Astray	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Maestro	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Dragon Valor	publisher	Namco
Battle Athletes	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Martian Gothic: Unification	publisher	TalonSoft
Martian Gothic: Unification	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Soul of the Samurai	publisher	Konami
TrickStyle	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Birdy the Mighty	publisher	Shogakukan
Meanjin	publisher	Melbourne University Publishing
Intellivision Lives!	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Intellivision Lives!	publisher	Virtual Play Games
Basilisk	publisher	Kodansha
Heritage	publisher	BBC Books
Pyro 2	publisher	Mike O'Brien
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	publisher	Grove Press
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	publisher	Penguin Books
BioForge	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Fourth %22R%22	publisher	Ballantine Books
Bentley's Miscellany	publisher	Richard Bentley
Slightly Magic	publisher	Codemasters
Rum Punch	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Crystal Cave	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Crystal Cave	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Colony	publisher	Viking Press
Manual of the Warrior of Light	publisher	HarperCollins
The Incredible Tide	publisher	Westminster Press
Heat and Dust	publisher	John Murray UK, Harper and Row US
Lunch at the Gotham Café	publisher	Philtrum Press
Roger's Profanisaurus	publisher	\
Roger's Profanisaurus	publisher	Dennis Publishing
Storm Warning	publisher	DAW Books
Sonic the Hedgehog 2	publisher	Sega
Puzzle Bobble 3	publisher	Taito, Acclaim, Natsume
Modern Drunkard Magazine	publisher	Frank Kelly Rich
Ghost Master	publisher	Empire Interactive
Ghost Master	publisher	Feral Interactive
G-LOC: Air Battle	publisher	Sega
Herc's Adventures	publisher	LucasArts
Herc's Adventures	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Herc's Adventures	publisher	Bullet Proof Software
Xain'd Sleena	publisher	Technos, Taito
Jarka Ruus	publisher	Del Rey Books
Tanequil	publisher	Del Rey Books
Straken	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Batman Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
Metaltech: Earthsiege	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Earthsiege 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Daily Gleaner	publisher	James K. Irving
Armor Alley	publisher	Three-Sixty Pacific
The Purple Cloud	publisher	Chatto and Windus and others
Chack'n Pop	publisher	Taito Corporation
NASCAR 06: Total Team Control	publisher	EA Sports
Harry Potter Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Mega Man Battle Network 6	publisher	Capcom
Legion Lost	publisher	DC Comics
Ghost Sweeper Mikami	publisher	Shogakukan
Ghost Sweeper Mikami	publisher	Banalex
Popular Computing Weekly	publisher	Sunshine Publications
Popular Computing Weekly	publisher	Focus Publishing
GamesMaster International	publisher	Newsfield Publications
X-Men: The End	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mr. Popper's Penguins	publisher	Little, Brown Young Readers
Alan Moore's The Courtyard	publisher	Avatar Press
Utopia	publisher	More
Microsoft Baseball 2001	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Little Archie	publisher	Archie Comics
Savage Worlds	publisher	Pinnacle Entertainment Group
Chibi Maruko-chan	publisher	Shueisha
The Ingenuity Gap	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Amped 3	publisher	2
A Tale of Time City	publisher	Methuen Publishing
A Tale of Time City	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Astron Belt	publisher	Sega
Astron Belt	publisher	Midway Games
Inpress	publisher	Street Press Australia
The Time of the Ghost	publisher	Macmillan Children's Books
Best Student Council	publisher	MediaWorks
Courtney Crumrin	publisher	Oni Press
Cannon Spike	publisher	Capcom
Airwolf	publisher	List of Sega arcade system boards
Airwolf	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Gunman Chronicles	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices	publisher	Harper & Row
Troll Bridge	publisher	Pan Books
Super Stardust	publisher	Team17
A Single Shard	publisher	Clarion Books
IEEE Annals of the History of Computing	publisher	IEEE
Demo	publisher	Planet Lar
Demo	publisher	Vertigo
Bud, Not Buddy	publisher	Delacorte Books for Adult Readers
O.R.B: Off-World Resource Base	publisher	Strategy First
O.R.B: Off-World Resource Base	publisher	Mindscape Group
Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Survival Kids	publisher	Konami
Economics Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Peter Jackson's King Kong	publisher	Ubisoft
Indogermanische Forschungen	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Diana: Warrior Princess	publisher	Heliograph Incorporated
Dogs in the Vineyard	publisher	Lumpley Games
Horror Zombies from the Crypt	publisher	Millennium Interactive
Horror Zombies from the Crypt	publisher	U.S. Gold
Hot Rod	publisher	Sega
Hot Rod	publisher	Activision
World Policy Journal	publisher	Duke University Press for the World Policy Institute
Hudson Hawk	publisher	Ocean Software
F-15 Strike Eagle II	publisher	MicroProse
Carry On, Mr. Bowditch	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
No Longer at Ease	publisher	Heinemann
From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Merchant of Death	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Super Princess Peach	publisher	Nintendo
Jacob Have I Loved	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Downtime	publisher	Virgin Books
Puzzle De Pon	publisher	Taito Corporation
Journals	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Golden Globe	publisher	Berkley Books
Neon Genesis Evangelion	publisher	Namco Bandai
Albion	publisher	WildStorm
Pacific Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Mathematical Sciences Publishers
A Kiss Before Dying	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Despair	publisher	Sovremennye Zapiski Publishing House; John Long Ltd. ; Putnam
Spellcross	publisher	SCi
The Magic Candle	publisher	Mindcraft
Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection	publisher	Namco
Rogue Squadron	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Week	publisher	Michael Wolfe
Direct Action: Memoirs of an Urban Guerrilla	publisher	AK Press
Direct Action: Memoirs of an Urban Guerrilla	publisher	Between the Lines Books
Beetle in the Anthill	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Dark Frigate	publisher	Little, Brown
Hitty, Her First Hundred Years	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Wedge's Gamble	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Wraith Squadron	publisher	Bantam Spectra
30 Days of Night	publisher	IDW Publishing
MediEvil: Resurrection	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Diamond Dogs, Turquoise Days	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Xin	publisher	Anarchy Studio
Wild 9	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Panzer Front	publisher	Agetec
C-12: Final Resistance	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Listen, Germany!	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Thirteen Days	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Puzzle Bobble 4	publisher	Taito Corporation
Puzzle Bobble 4	publisher	Natsume
Puzzle Bobble 4	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Puzzle Bobble 4	publisher	Club Acclaim
Poor Man's Orange	publisher	Angus & Robertson, Australia
Dirty Harry	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive
The Darkness	publisher	2
Blue Dragon	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Monster Madness: Battle for Suburbia	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Asteroids Deluxe	publisher	Atari
Impossamole	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
I'm Not Who You Think I Am	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Hey Pa! There's a Goat on the Roof	publisher	Parker Brothers
Eggerland Episode 0: Quest of Rara	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Black Cat: The Evil that Men Do	publisher	Marvel Comics
Waterless Mountain	publisher	Longmans, Green
Brute Force: Cracking the Data Encryption Standard	publisher	Copernicus Books
Sonic Riders	publisher	Sega
O.D.T.	publisher	Psygnosis
Asimov's Mysteries	publisher	Doubleday
Tony Hawk's American Sk8land	publisher	Activision
Just Imagine...	publisher	DC Comics
Cock and Bull	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Zucchini	publisher	Harper & Row
The Krytos Trap	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Northwest Passage	publisher	Doubleday
Wimmen's Comix	publisher	Last Gasp
Wimmen's Comix	publisher	Renegade Press
Wimmen's Comix	publisher	Rip Off Press
Pâté de Foie Gras	publisher	Street & Smith
Juiced: Eliminator	publisher	THQ
The Mind Benders	publisher	Neville Spearman Limited
Reaper	publisher	HarperCollins
Lemmings Paintball	publisher	Psygnosis
Racing Destruction Set	publisher	Electronic Arts & Ariolasoft
The Shrinking of Treehorn	publisher	Holiday House
Treehorn's Treasure	publisher	Holiday House
Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist	publisher	Mother Earth Publishing Association
A Medicine for Melancholy	publisher	Doubleday & Company
The Rainmaker	publisher	Doubleday
The Machineries of Joy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Maze of Death	publisher	Doubleday
EA Sports F1 series	publisher	EA Sports
F1 Challenge	publisher	Sega
The Parrot's Theorem	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Desolation Jones	publisher	Wildstorm
Gladiator	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Imperial Glory	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Imperial Glory	publisher	Feral Interactive
Motor City Online	publisher	Electronic Arts
Escape from the Mindmaster	publisher	Starpath
Formula One 06	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Legends of Wrestling	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Virtual Pro Wrestling 64	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
The Political Machine	publisher	Ubisoft
Virtual Pro Wrestling 2: Ōdō Keishō	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Waiting for the Barbarians	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Paradise of Death	publisher	Target Books
TransAmerica	publisher	Rio Grande Games
A Man Without a Country	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Revolutionary Voices	publisher	Alyson Publications
Strumpet City	publisher	Hutchinson
The Door in the Wall	publisher	Doubleday
A Short History of Progress	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Isard's Revenge	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Iron Fist	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Solo Command	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Psychomech	publisher	Panther Books
Notable Last Facts	publisher	Reference Desk Press
Kuma%5CWar	publisher	Kuma Reality Games
Poland	publisher	Random House
Kickle Cubicle	publisher	Irem
Journal of the American Research Center in Egypt	publisher	American Research Center in Egypt
Spectar	publisher	Exidy
SWAT 4	publisher	Vivendi Games
SWAT 4	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Queen: The eYe	publisher	Electronic Arts
Amazon Adventure	publisher	John Day Company
South Sea Adventure	publisher	John Day Company
African Adventure	publisher	John Day Company
African Adventure	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Swords of Night and Day	publisher	Bantam
The Hallowed Hunt	publisher	Eos
Waiting for the Mahatma	publisher	Michigan State University Press
In the Lake of the Woods	publisher	Penguin Books
The Westing Game	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Shadow of a Bull	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Witch of Blackbird Pond	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Vintage Bradbury	publisher	Vintage
Aftermath!	publisher	Fantasy Games Unlimited
Secret of the Andes	publisher	Viking Press
Gauntlet Dark Legacy	publisher	Midway Games
Turbo Sliders	publisher	Jollygood Games
Shen of the Sea	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Sigil	publisher	CrossGen
Nightmare in Wichita	publisher	Penguin Books
Tuva or Bust!	publisher	W. W. Norton
Poy Poy 2	publisher	Konami
Rama	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Only	publisher	Darren Atwater
Bell Labs Technical Journal	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Nuremberg and Vietnam	publisher	Quadrangle
Hacker	publisher	Activision
Coin Locker Babies	publisher	Kodansha
The Art of Deception	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society	publisher	American Mathematical Society
Sonic Pinball Party	publisher	Sega
Bokosuka Wars	publisher	ASCII
Victory Unintentional	publisher	Popular Publications
Satisfaction Guaranteed	publisher	Ziff Davis
Terminator 2: Judgment Day	publisher	Midway
Terminator 2: Judgment Day	publisher	Acclaim
Star Fire	publisher	Exidy
The Jesus Mysteries	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Risk	publisher	Street & Smith
The Sundial	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Cuddahy
Old Farmer's Almanac	publisher	Yankee Publishing, Inc.
IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Fell	publisher	Image Comics
Very Bad Deaths	publisher	Baen Books
Rygar: The Legendary Adventure	publisher	Tecmo
The March	publisher	Random House
Not Final!	publisher	Street & Smith
The Light in the Forest	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Crop & Pasture Science	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
The Gadfly	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Adam Loveday	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Ape and Essence	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Loveday Fortunes	publisher	Hodder Headline
The Loveday Trials	publisher	Hodder Headline
Red Baron	publisher	Atari, Inc
Serenity: Those Left Behind	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Black Widow	publisher	Atari
Prologue	publisher	National Archives and Records Administration
Kathimerini	publisher	Giannis Alafouzos
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers	publisher	Electronic Arts
Sugar and Spike	publisher	DC Comics
Monster	publisher	WestBow Press
The Klingon Hamlet	publisher	Pocket Books
The Deadly Curse of Toco-rey	publisher	Word Publishing
Letters from an American Farmer	publisher	Davies & Davis
Such a Long Journey	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Stranger Music	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Commonwealth Saga	publisher	Pan Macmillan  & Del Rey
If Tomorrow Comes	publisher	Warner Books
Nothing Lasts Forever	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Best Laid Plans	publisher	William Morrow
Morning, Noon and Night	publisher	William Morrow
Bloodline	publisher	William Morrow
The Sky Is Falling	publisher	William Morrow
Master of the Game	publisher	Warner Books
Lexikon der indogermanischen Verben	publisher	Dr. Ludwig Reichert Verlag
Passage	publisher	Bantam Books
The Body Artist	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Airport Tycoon	publisher	TalonSoft
Airport Tycoon	publisher	Global Star Software
The Gold Bat	publisher	A & C Black
Desirable Daughters	publisher	Theia
Leave It to Me	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Holder of the World	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Holder of the World	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Darkness	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Ascension	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Common Grounds	publisher	Top Cow Productions
The Loveday Scandals	publisher	Hodder Headline
The Tiger's Daughter	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Loveday Honour	publisher	Hodder Headline
G1 Jockey	publisher	Koei
Sonic the Hedgehog	publisher	Sega
Ride the Wind	publisher	Ballantine Books
Shadow Patriots	publisher	Forge Books
Last Words: The Final Journals of William S. Burroughs	publisher	Grove Press
Nový čas	publisher	Ringier Slovakia a.s.
Ghost Warrior	publisher	Tor Books
Tithe: A Modern Faerie Tale	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Hollow Hills	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Hole in Texas	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Manifold: Space	publisher	Voyager Books
Manifold: Space	publisher	Del Rey Books
Manifold: Origin	publisher	Voyager Books
Cadillacs and Dinosaurs	publisher	Capcom
The Best Awful There Is	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Crazy Arcade	publisher	Nexon
Crazy Arcade	publisher	Nexon America
Crazy Arcade	publisher	Shanda
Crazy Arcade	publisher	DigiCell  -formerly\nGamania
Crazy Arcade	publisher	VNG
Crazy Arcade	publisher	INNOVA
Mary's Land	publisher	Back in Print
Fearless, A Novel of Sarah Bowman	publisher	Ballantine Books
Light a Distant Fire	publisher	Ballantine Books
Walk in My Soul	publisher	Ballantine Books
Jessica Jones	publisher	Marvel Comics
Every Extend Extra	publisher	PlayStation Portable
Every Extend Extra	publisher	(JP) Bandai Namco Games
Every Extend Extra	publisher	(NA/PAL) Buena Vista Games
Every Extend Extra	publisher	Xbox 360
Every Extend Extra	publisher	Q Entertainment
SonSon	publisher	Capcom
Mixed-Up Mother Goose	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Pani Poni	publisher	Square Enix
Interzone	publisher	Viking Press
Baten Kaitos Origins	publisher	Nintendo
Incest: From a Journal of Love	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Earl Weaver Baseball	publisher	Electronic Arts
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Mayhem	publisher	THQ
The Doors of His Face, The Lamps of His Mouth, and Other Stories	publisher	Doubleday
Bank Panic	publisher	Sega
The Loveday Pride	publisher	Hodder Headline
Yamada Tarō Monogatari	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Magic Realm	publisher	Avalon Hill
Mint na Bokura	publisher	Shueisha
Black & White: Creature Isle	publisher	Electronic Arts
Black & White: Creature Isle	publisher	Feral Interactive
Unnatural Causes	publisher	Faber and Faber
A Winter Haunting	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Ninety-Nine Nights	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Journal of Cold War Studies	publisher	MIT Press
Predator Cities	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Ciência e Cultura	publisher	Sociedade Brasileira para o Progresso da Ciência
Bill Elliott's NASCAR Challenge	publisher	Konami
7 Sins	publisher	Digital Jesters
The Intelligent Investor	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Smoky the Cowhorse	publisher	Charles Scribner’s Sons
The Fly	publisher	MAMA & Company
Arachnophobia	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Dobry	publisher	The Viking Press
Saoirse Irish Freedom	publisher	Republican Sinn Féin
NightCaster	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Jikkyō Oshaberi Parodius	publisher	Konami
Mission: Impossible	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Earl Cain	publisher	Hakusensha
Contra: Hard Corps	publisher	Konami
X-Day	publisher	Akita Shoten
Mystery in Space	publisher	DC Comics
Heart of China	publisher	Sierra On-line
The Devil's Alternative	publisher	Hutchinson
Madō Monogatari: Hanamaru Daiyōchienji	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Adventures in the Screen Trade	publisher	Warner Books
Trantor: The Last Stormtrooper	publisher	Go!
No Comebacks	publisher	Hutchinson
The Shepherd	publisher	Hutchinson
Gump and Co.	publisher	Pocket Books
Exterminator!	publisher	Viking Press
Dungeon Siege: Legends of Aranna	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Dungeon Siege: Legends of Aranna	publisher	Rockstar New England
Rocket Ranger	publisher	Cinemaware, Kemcohttp://www.gamefaqs.com/nes/563454-rocket-ranger
Harvest Home	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Spriggan	publisher	Shogakukan
Candy	publisher	Olympia Press
Candy	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Candy	publisher	Lancer Books
The Russia House	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Magic Street	publisher	Del Rey Books
Beyond the Beyond	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Appointment with Venus	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Destiny: A Chronicle of Deaths Foretold	publisher	DC Comics
Arx Fatalis	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Arx Fatalis	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Fourth K	publisher	Random House
Generation	publisher	Mindscape
The New Atlantis	publisher	The Center for the Study of Technology and Society
The New Atlantis	publisher	Ethics and Public Policy Center
Guin Saga	publisher	Hayakawa Publishing
Guin Saga	publisher	Media Factory
Guin Saga	publisher	Jive
The Ski Bum	publisher	Harper & Row
Hyperspace	publisher	Oxford University Press
Marathon 2: Durandal	publisher	Bungie Software
Viewtiful Joe: Red Hot Rumble	publisher	Capcom
Viewtiful Joe: Red Hot Rumble	publisher	Nintendo Australia
Airburst	publisher	Freeverse
You Know They Got a Hell of a Band	publisher	Pocket Books
Call of Duty 3	publisher	Activision
Anarchism and Other Essays	publisher	Mother Earth Publishing Association
The Brothers Lionheart	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Gil Blas	publisher	Pierre Ribou
Tokyo Xtreme Racer	publisher	Genki
Tokyo Xtreme Racer	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Tokyo Xtreme Racer	publisher	Ubisoft
Mother Goose in Prose	publisher	Way and Williams Publishers
Mother Goose in Prose	publisher	George M. Hill Company
Mother Goose in Prose	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
The Nanny Diaries	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Sheep	publisher	Empire Interactive
Lost Kingdoms	publisher	Activision
Indian Country Today Media Network	publisher	Arthur Raymond Halbritter
Helena	publisher	Chapman and Hall
The Silent Boy	publisher	Random House
The Beauty Myth	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Heroes of the Pacific	publisher	Codemasters
Heroes of the Pacific	publisher	Ubisoft
Souls in the System	publisher	StarPlay
Alongside Night	publisher	Crown Publishers
The Coffin Dancer	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Da Capo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
When the Robbers Came to Cardamom Town	publisher	J.W. Cappelens Forlag
The Machine Gunners	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Eureka!	publisher	Domark
ShadowWraith	publisher	StarPlay
A Distant Soil	publisher	WaRP Graphics
A Distant Soil	publisher	Starblaze Graphics
A Distant Soil	publisher	Aria Press
A Distant Soil	publisher	Image Comics
Regency Buck	publisher	Heinemann
Su-27 Flanker	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Friday's Child	publisher	Heinemann
The Prowler in the City at the Edge of the World	publisher	Doubleday
Star Wars Republic Commando: Hard Contact	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Cestus Deception	publisher	Del Rey Books
Intellivision World Series Baseball	publisher	Mattel
Trizeal	publisher	Taito Corporation
Trizeal	publisher	Triangle Service
Trizeal	publisher	Datam Polystar
Trizeal	publisher	BBMF
Memories of Midnight	publisher	William Morrow
Raster Blaster	publisher	BudgeCo
Snakes	publisher	Nokia
The Traveler	publisher	Doubleday
Sea Dragon	publisher	Adventure International
Dead Fingers Talk	publisher	Calder Publishing
Dung Beetles	publisher	Datasoft
Behold the Man	publisher	Allison & Busby
Legends of Wrestling II	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Victory in the Pacific	publisher	Avalon Hill
Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan	publisher	Nintendo
Haru no Ashioto	publisher	Minori
Haru no Ashioto	publisher	Alchemist
Speed of Dark	publisher	Orbit Books
No Enemy But Time	publisher	Timescape Books
No Enemy But Time	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Declare	publisher	HarperCollins
The Computer Journal	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Never War	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Infernal Devices	publisher	Scholastic Press
Journal of Homosexuality	publisher	Routledge
Imperialism	publisher	Cosimo
Melbourne Journal of International Law	publisher	University of Melbourne
Port of Saints	publisher	Covent Garden Press
The Funnies	publisher	Dell Publishing
Revenant	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tumblepop	publisher	Data East Later, Nintendo
Tornado Alley	publisher	Cherry Valley Editions
Sheep, Dog 'n' Wolf	publisher	Infogrames
The Satanic Rituals	publisher	Avon
Tokyo Xtreme Racer 2	publisher	Genki
Tokyo Xtreme Racer 2	publisher	Crave
Tokyo Xtreme Racer 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Tokyo Xtreme Racer: Zero	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Weapons of Choice	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Yage Letters	publisher	City Lights Books
Lord Loss	publisher	Harper Collins
The Last Words of Dutch Schultz	publisher	Cape Goliard
Ace Combat Zero: The Belkan War	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
An Equal Music	publisher	Phoenix House
The Meaning of Things	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Predator	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Star Wars: Behind the Magic	publisher	LucasArts
The Perilous Road	publisher	Harcourt Brace & World
The Monkees: The Day-by-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation	publisher	Thunder Bay Press
The Grimoire	publisher	Speakeasy Comics
Pokémon Trozei!	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Hannibal's Children	publisher	Ace Books
The Wheel on the School	publisher	Harper & Brothers
More Fun Comics	publisher	National Allied Publications
Big Sur	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Cudahy
Maggie Cassidy	publisher	Avon
Visions of Gerard	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Company
Doctor Sax	publisher	Grove Press
Tokyo Xtreme Racer 3	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Pic	publisher	Grove Press
Satori in Paris	publisher	Grove Press
City of Pearl	publisher	HarperCollins
Guitar Hero	publisher	RedOctane
Galactic Pinball	publisher	Nintendo
The Art of Electronics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Bulletin of the British Ornithologists' Club	publisher	British Ornithologists' Club
Blitz: The League	publisher	Midway Games
A Voyage to Arcturus	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
The Joiner King	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Football Manager 2006	publisher	Sega
Namco Museum Battle Collection	publisher	Namco
Namco Museum Battle Collection	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A History of Philosophy	publisher	Continuum , Doubleday , Paulist Press
A Mule for the Marquesa	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Fools Die	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Sicilian	publisher	Random House
Rise 2: Resurrection	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Thornyhold	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Online Bomberman	publisher	Wizgate
Online Bomberman	publisher	Fullerton
The Palm-Wine Drinkard	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Palm-Wine Drinkard	publisher	Grove Press
The Italian Secretary	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Never at War	publisher	Yale University Press
The Image	publisher	Gala
The Image	publisher	Grove Press
Five Equations That Changed the World	publisher	Hyperion
Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings	publisher	Viking Press
Norakuro	publisher	Kodansha
Ashita no Joe	publisher	Kodansha
Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim	publisher	Infogrames
Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim	publisher	MacPlay
Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim	publisher	MicroProse
The Unseen Queen	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Swarm War	publisher	Del Rey Books
NES Play Action Football	publisher	Nintendo
Gerald's Party	publisher	Linden Press
Fighting Foodons	publisher	Kodansha
Bloodlines	publisher	Del Rey Books
Betrayal	publisher	Del Rey Books
Japanese Language and Literature	publisher	The Association of Teachers of Japanese
King's Valley	publisher	Konami
Plawres Sanshiro	publisher	Akita Shoten
Rizospastis	publisher	Communist Party of Greece
Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra	publisher	Arrow Books
Gilead	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Wild Sheep Chase	publisher	Kodansha
The Punisher War Journal	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Outfit	publisher	THQ
The Yale Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for Yale University
The Ringworld Engineers	publisher	Phantasia Press
The Ringworld Throne	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Concept of Anxiety	publisher	Princeton University Press 1980
Torico	publisher	Sega
Torico	publisher	Atlus Software
Myths and Legends	publisher	SALO, Comic Images, Geniohi
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
No Great Mischief	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Strawberry Girl	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 2	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 2	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Shin Megami Tensei If...	publisher	Atlus
The Kingdom of the Wicked	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Reich Star	publisher	Creative Encounters
Scars of the Soul Are Why Kids Wear Bandages When They Don't Have Bruises	publisher	Akashic Books
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
Disney's Cartoon Arcade	publisher	View-Master
Itsumo Misora	publisher	Shogakukan
Katsu!	publisher	Shogakukan
Cross Game	publisher	Shogakukan
Nine	publisher	Shogakukan
Jinbē	publisher	Shogakukan
Short Program	publisher	Shogakukan
Hiatari Ryōkō!	publisher	Shogakukan
Rough	publisher	Shogakukan
The Lost City of Faar	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Miyuki	publisher	Shogakukan
Times Union	publisher	George Randolph Hearst III
Tony La Russa Baseball	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Tony La Russa Baseball	publisher	Maxis
Tony La Russa Baseball	publisher	Electronic Arts
Scions of Fate	publisher	CDC Games, Gemscool
The Fan Man	publisher	Avon Books
Ganbare, Kickers!	publisher	Shogakukan
In Search of The La's	publisher	Helter Skelter
The Poky Little Puppy	publisher	Golden Books
Picture This	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Birds	publisher	Penguin Books
Stranglehold	publisher	Midway Games
Stranglehold	publisher	Success
Chemical Communications	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Gub Gub's Book	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Hulk Comic	publisher	Marvel UK
The Daredevils	publisher	Marvel UK
Claudine at School	publisher	Henry Gauthier-Villars
Cosmic Rift	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
The Mighty World of Marvel	publisher	Marvel UK
City of Silence	publisher	Image Comics
Void Indigo	publisher	Epic Comics
The Bard's Tale Construction Set	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bubble Memories	publisher	Taito
Little Boy Blue	publisher	Viking Press
EyeToy: Kinetic	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Shinsetsu Samurai Spirits Bushidō Retsuden	publisher	SNK
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Double Agent	publisher	Ubisoft
Read Between the Lies	publisher	Doubleday  Warner Books
Pulseman	publisher	Sega
Batman & Dracula trilogy	publisher	DC Comics
Tales of Rebirth	publisher	Namco
Tales of Rebirth	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Tales of Destiny 2	publisher	Namco
Tales of Destiny 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tales of Destiny 2	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The St. Petersburg Times	publisher	Sanoma
Earth and High Heaven	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Earth and High Heaven	publisher	Thomas Nelson & Sons
Earth and High Heaven	publisher	J. B. Lippincott
Muv-Luv	publisher	MediaWorks
Muv-Luv	publisher	Shueisha
Muv-Luv	publisher	Enterbrain
Warped Passages	publisher	Harper Collins: Ecco Press
Ginga Legend Weed	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
The Punisher War Zone	publisher	Marvel Comics
Punisher	publisher	Marvel Edge
Claremont Review of Books	publisher	The Claremont Institute
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Knights
Skizz	publisher	2000
Rogue Warrior	publisher	Pocket Books
Mount Dragon	publisher	Tor Books
Demon Thief	publisher	HarperCollins
Jane's AH-64D Longbow	publisher	Electronic Arts
My Style	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Z	publisher	Virgin Interactive( )
Z	publisher	GT Interactive( )
Moscow 2042	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Striker	publisher	The Sun newspaper, Striker 3D and Nuts Magazine
Journal of Organic Chemistry	publisher	American Chemical Society
Ribbit King	publisher	Bandai
Ribbit King	publisher	Media Factory
GURPS Traveller	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Star Wars: The Interactive Video Board Game	publisher	Parker Brothers
Star Wars: The Interactive Video Board Game	publisher	Hasbro
Home Alone 2	publisher	THQ
Home Alone 2	publisher	Sega
Home Alone 2	publisher	Capstone Software
J R	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Algebra i Logika	publisher	Siberian Fund for Algebra and Logic
Bonecruncher	publisher	Superior Software
Ghost Rider: Travels on the Healing Road	publisher	ECW Press
The Sceptical Chymist	publisher	J. Cadwell
Theoretical Computer Science	publisher	Elsevier
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science	publisher	Elsevier
Polar Star	publisher	Random House
Red Square	publisher	Random House
Shattered Union	publisher	2
Redline	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Daily Trojan	publisher	University of Southern California
In the Presence of Mine Enemies	publisher	New American Library
Sweet Thursday	publisher	Viking Press
Delta Force: Black Hawk Down – Team Sabre	publisher	NovaLogic
Delta Force: Black Hawk Down – Team Sabre	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Delta Force: Black Hawk Down – Team Sabre	publisher	Ubisoft
Delta Force: Black Hawk Down – Team Sabre	publisher	Vivendi Games
Twilight of the Dark Master	publisher	Shinshokan
Comics International	publisher	Quality Communications
Comics International	publisher	Cosmic Publications Ltd.
The Death of Grass	publisher	Michael Joseph
Allegiance	publisher	Del Rey Books
Outbound Flight	publisher	Del Rey Books
A World of Difference	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dragon's Claws	publisher	Marvel UK
The Hammer of God	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Hammer of God	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Survivor's Quest	publisher	Del Rey Books
Late Show Top Ten List	publisher	Bantam Books
A Year Down Yonder	publisher	Dial Books
A Year Down Yonder	publisher	Scholastic Inc.
A Year Down Yonder	publisher	Penguin Putnam Inc.
EyeToy: Play 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Lime Twig	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Your and My Secret	publisher	Enix , Mag Garden
Your and My Secret	publisher	Mag Garden
Nervous Conditions	publisher	The Women's Press
Blinx 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Night of the Big Heat	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Warden	publisher	Longman, Brown, Green, and Longmans
RHEM	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
RHEM	publisher	Micro Application
Knightmare	publisher	Konami
Across the Nightingale Floor	publisher	Hodder Headline
Across the Nightingale Floor	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Across the Nightingale Floor	publisher	Penguin Books
Grass for His Pillow	publisher	Hodder Headline
Brilliance of the Moon	publisher	Hodder Headline
Freeway	publisher	Activision
Dead or Alive 4	publisher	Tecmo
The Goonies	publisher	Konami
Bad Day L.A.	publisher	American McGee
Dragoncharm	publisher	Voyager Books
Meccano Magazine	publisher	Meccano Ltd
King's Valley II	publisher	Konami
Big Karnak	publisher	Gaelco
Deathstalker	publisher	UK: Gollancz
Deathstalker	publisher	USA: Penguin/Roc
Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane	publisher	Marvel Comics
Spaceship Zero	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
Quantum and Woody	publisher	Valiant Comics
Old Time Baseball	publisher	Stormfront Studios
Galaxian 3	publisher	Namco
Junk	publisher	Andersen Press
Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Tank Battalion	publisher	Namco
The Dream Master	publisher	Ace Books
Missing in Action	publisher	Konami
The Drums of Jeopardy	publisher	Kessinger Publishing
Rockman EXE The Medal Operation	publisher	Capcom
Crystal's Pony Tale	publisher	Sega
Summer of the Swans	publisher	Viking Press
Trio The Punch – Never Forget Me...	publisher	Data East
Momoko 120%25	publisher	Jaleco
Populous II: Trials of the Olympian Gods	publisher	Electronic Arts
Special Forces	publisher	MicroProse
The Terror Timeline	publisher	ReganBooks
Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns	publisher	Skandisk
Cast of Shadows	publisher	Knopf
Beard's Roman Women	publisher	Hutchinson
Liwayway	publisher	Manila Bulletin
The Secret of Mirror Bay	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Winter Assault	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Winter Assault	publisher	Sega
Legend of the Burning Sands	publisher	Five Rings Publishing Group
Paste	publisher	Wolfgang's Vault
Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa	publisher	Konami
Stronghold	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Mario Hoops 3-on-3	publisher	Nintendo
Consuelo	publisher	Louis de Potter
Genji: Dawn of the Samurai	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Mystery of the Fire Dragon	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Z Was Zapped	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Rollcage	publisher	Psygnosis
Herr Lehmann	publisher	Goldmann
HMS Ulysses	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Simulacra	publisher	Ace Books
Two Steps from Heaven	publisher	Eksmo
Space Dungeon	publisher	Taito Corporation
And Having Writ...	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Azumi	publisher	Shogakukan
High School! Kimengumi	publisher	Shueisha
High School! Kimengumi	publisher	Shueisha
High School! Kimengumi	publisher	Square Enix
4x4 EVO 2	publisher	Gathering of Developers
4x4 EVO 2	publisher	Aspyr
Space Opera	publisher	Pyramid Books
Pro Evolution Soccer 5	publisher	Konami
Twisted ToyFare Theatre	publisher	Wizard Entertainment
Othello	publisher	Kodansha
Wild Ducks Flying Backward	publisher	Bantam Books
Dynasty Warriors 5	publisher	Koei
Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Delta Force: Task Force Dagger	publisher	NovaLogic
Konami 80's Arcade Gallery	publisher	Konami
The Outforce	publisher	Pan Interactive
The Outforce	publisher	Strategy First
Gateway to the Savage Frontier	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland	publisher	Nintendo
Densetsu no Stafy 4	publisher	Nintendo
Magical Starsign	publisher	Nintendo
Crosswords DS	publisher	Nintendo
Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin	publisher	Konami
Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney	publisher	Capcom
Monster Truck Madness	publisher	Microsoft
Not Quite the Diplomat	publisher	Allen Lane
Dark•Matter	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius: Attack of the Twonkies	publisher	THQ
Guru Logi Champ	publisher	Compile
Guru Logi Champ	publisher	Nintendo
Return Fire	publisher	Prolific Publishing
Return Fire	publisher	Williams
Return Fire	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius: Jet Fusion	publisher	THQ
Hellspawn	publisher	Image Comics
Shadowmancer	publisher	Mount Publishing Ltd
Alfred Chicken	publisher	Mindscape Group
Alfred Chicken	publisher	Sunsoft
The Homeward Bounders	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Hoyle's Official Book of Games	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Destroyer Duck	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Destroyer Duck	publisher	Image Comics
The Soddit	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
I'm Sorry	publisher	Sega
Treasures of the Savage Frontier	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Treasures of the Savage Frontier	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Flood	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Stone Angel	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Far Cry Instincts	publisher	Ubisoft
Cheyenne	publisher	Exidy
Who Dunit	publisher	Exidy
The Parsifal Mosaic	publisher	Random House
A Mother's Gift	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers
XOR	publisher	Logotron Ltd
Geometry & Topology	publisher	Mathematical Sciences Publishers
Bush on the Couch	publisher	Regan Books
Wonder Momo	publisher	Namco
The Practice of Programming	publisher	Addison–Wesley
Pac-Man World 3	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Pac-Man World 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dragon Quest Monsters: Caravan Heart	publisher	Enix
Samurai Gun	publisher	Shueisha
Disciples II: Dark Prophecy	publisher	Strategy First
The Thin Red Line	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Game Boy Wars	publisher	Nintendo
Game Boy Wars	publisher	Hudson Soft
Nor Crystal Tears	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Patrician	publisher	Ascaron
The Suffering: Ties That Bind	publisher	Midway Games
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King	publisher	Electronic Arts
Shrak	publisher	Quantum Axcess
The Saracen	publisher	Ballantine Books
Fjords	publisher	Hans im Glück
Fjords	publisher	Rio Grande Games
The Eight Doctors	publisher	BBC Books
The Harafish	publisher	Maktabat Misr
The Harafish	publisher	Doubleday
Harrier Attack	publisher	Durell Software
The Review of Communication	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb	publisher	Ace Books
Have a Nice Day: A Tale of Blood and Sweatsocks	publisher	ReganBooks
Foley Is Good	publisher	ReganBooks
Starfire	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
Stubbs the Zombie in Rebel Without a Pulse	publisher	Aspyr Media
The Civil War: A Narrative	publisher	Random House
Animaniacs: The Great Edgar Hunt	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Mio, My Son	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Uriel's Machine	publisher	Random House
They Would Never Hurt a Fly	publisher	Abacus Books
Aquaman: Battle for Atlantis	publisher	TDK Mediactive
The Trials of Nikki Hill	publisher	Time Warner
Pirate's Cove	publisher	Amigo Spiele
Pirate's Cove	publisher	Days of Wonder
Shinobi Legions	publisher	Sega
Asterix & Obelix XXL	publisher	Atari
Facing Mount Kenya	publisher	Secker and Warburg
ATV Quad Power Racing 2	publisher	AKA Acclaim]]
Golden Axe Warrior	publisher	Sega
Dig Dug: Digging Strike	publisher	Namco
Dig Dug: Digging Strike	publisher	Atari
Showdown: Legends of Wrestling	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Insect Dreams: The Half Life of Gregor Samsa	publisher	Blue Hen
Rakugakids	publisher	Konami
My Life as a Man	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Mary	publisher	Slovo
Mary	publisher	McGraw Hill
Lionheart: Legacy of the Crusader	publisher	Black Isle Studios
Grey	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Black Sunday	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Eternal Dagger	publisher	Strategic Simulations
All the Shah's Men	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Julie, or the New Heloise	publisher	Marc-Michel Rey
Journal of Molecular Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Neat Stuff	publisher	Fantagraphics
The Sea	publisher	Picador
Green Green	publisher	Media Factory
Tribes of Redwall Mice	publisher	Red Fox  & Philomel
Tribes of Redwall Badgers	publisher	Red Fox  & Philomel
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back	publisher	Atari Games
The Richest Man in Babylon	publisher	Penguin Books
Bugle-Observer	publisher	James K. Irving
Falling Free	publisher	Baen Books
Sukisho	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Camrose Canadian	publisher	Jim Clark
Season of Migration to the North	publisher	Tayeb Salih
Threshold	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Fantastic Children	publisher	Media Factory
Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies	publisher	Harvard-Yenching Institute
Wetworks	publisher	Wildstorm
Bad Boys: Miami Takedown	publisher	Empire Interactive
Bad Boys: Miami Takedown	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Heaven Makers	publisher	Avon
Inkspell	publisher	Meredith
Journal of Clinical Investigation	publisher	American Society for Clinical Investigation
Tom Brown at Oxford	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Tea Society of a Witch	publisher	Front Wing
Tea Society of a Witch	publisher	Hirameki
Vampire Science	publisher	BBC Books
Memories of the Ford Administration	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The New York Review of Science Fiction	publisher	Burrowing Wombat Press
The Cat's Pajamas: Stories	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Everything Bad Is Good for You	publisher	Riverhead Books
Sango Fighter	publisher	Panda Entertainment
The Clue of the Broken Locket	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Me & My Katamari	publisher	Namco
Project Firestart	publisher	Electronic Arts
Raiden Fighters 2	publisher	Fabtek
Raiden Fighters 2	publisher	The Metrotainment Network
Raiden Fighters 2	publisher	Tuning Electronic
Raiden Fighters 2	publisher	DotEmu
Bug!	publisher	Sega
Enemies, A Love Story	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Mushiking: The King of Beetles	publisher	Sega
Air Gear	publisher	Kodansha
Lola Cordova	publisher	Casterman
Dying of the Light	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Castle to Castle	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Fortunes of Nigel	publisher	Constable and Co.
Contra: Legacy of War	publisher	Konami
ShadowCaster	publisher	Electronic Arts
The First Man	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Ring King	publisher	Data East
Ring King	publisher	Woodplace, Inc.
Eichmann in Jerusalem	publisher	Viking Press
The Center of Winter	publisher	HarperCollins
SNK vs. Capcom: SVC Chaos	publisher	SNK
SNK vs. Capcom: SVC Chaos	publisher	Capcom
Kizuna: Bonds of Love	publisher	Biblos
Profession	publisher	Street & Smith
Vegas Stakes	publisher	Nintendo
Vegas Stakes	publisher	Imagineer
Galatea 2.2	publisher	HarperCollins
Grand Prix	publisher	Activision
Suzuka	publisher	Kodansha
Peter Duck	publisher	Jonathan Cape
British National Formulary for Children	publisher	British Medical Journal Group, Pharmaceutical Press, and Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health
Journal of Biogeography	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Satanik	publisher	Editoriale Corno
Rock and the Pop Narcotic	publisher	Redoubt Press
Ra	publisher	Alea
Ra	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Ra	publisher	Überplay
Power Grid	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Amazing Engine	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Alien vs Predator	publisher	Atari Corporation
The Journal of American History	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Organization of American Historians
Armored Core	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Rats Saw God	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Armored Core: Nexus	publisher	Agetec
Armored Core: Formula Front	publisher	Agetec
Armored Core: Nine Breaker	publisher	Agetec
Armored Core: Last Raven	publisher	Agetec
Digimon World 2	publisher	Bandai
Digimon World 2	publisher	Fox Kids
Computational Intelligence	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Reality Bug	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Off the Road	publisher	Black Spring Press
Sleeping Beauty	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Fear Effect 2: Retro Helix	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Code of the Woosters	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
The Code of the Woosters	publisher	Doubleday
Born	publisher	Max
Nicolae	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Fate Is the Hunter	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The New Century Family Money Book	publisher	Dell Publishing
Punisher P.O.V.	publisher	Marvel Comics
Airborn	publisher	HarperCollins
Lizard	publisher	Shinchosha
Developmental Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Teen Vogue	publisher	Condé Nast
Wallenstein	publisher	Queen Games
Scarface: The World Is Yours	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The English Constitution	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Dakar 2: The World's Ultimate Rally	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Way to Rainy Mountain	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
A Redwall Winter's Tale	publisher	Hutchinson  & Philomel
Risky Woods	publisher	Electronic Arts
Future Cop: LAPD	publisher	Electronic Arts
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Tournament Fighters	publisher	Konami
Brute Force	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Samurai Executioner	publisher	Kodansha
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's	publisher	Gakken
Tonic Trouble	publisher	Ubi Soft
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha	publisher	Gakken
Virtua Fighter 5	publisher	Sega
Ai Shite Knight	publisher	Shueisha
FlatOut 2	publisher	Empire Interactive
FlatOut 2	publisher	Strategy First
Room Temperature	publisher	Grove Press
Communication Arts	publisher	Patrick Coyne
Frogger Beyond	publisher	Konami
Beach Spikers	publisher	Sega
The Journal of Medical Practice Management	publisher	Greenbranch Publishing
Slow Man	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Club Caribe	publisher	Quantum Link
Lunar: Samposuru Gakuen	publisher	Game Arts
The Lady Tasting Tea	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Rocketo	publisher	Speakeasy Comics
Rocketo	publisher	Image Comics
Hell Teacher Nūbē	publisher	Shueisha
Inside Sport	publisher	Nextmedia
Green Lantern Corps: Recharge	publisher	DC Comics
Misty of Chincoteague	publisher	Rand McNally
Sleepwalker	publisher	Ocean Software
The Fourth Estate	publisher	HarperCollins
Gladiators of Rome	publisher	Activision Value
James Bond 007	publisher	Nintendo
Final Fight: Streetwise	publisher	Capcom
The Age of the Pussyfoot	publisher	Ballantine Books
Design of Cities	publisher	Thames & Hudson
The Albuquerque Tribune	publisher	Albuquerque Publishing Company
The Penultimate Peril	publisher	HarperCollins
7 Colors	publisher	Infogrames
7 Colors	publisher	PC-9801 HOT-B
World of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck	publisher	Sega
Simon Necronomicon	publisher	Avon
Mahō Gakuen Lunar!	publisher	Entertainment Software Publishing
Mahō Gakuen Lunar!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Silver Mistress	publisher	Souvenir Press
Iggy's Reckin' Balls	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
WWE Raw 2	publisher	THQ
Garfield: The Search for Pooky	publisher	The Game Factory
Under the Frog	publisher	The New Press
Under the Frog	publisher	Polygon Books
Between the Rivers	publisher	Tor Books
Urban Assault	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Tale of Despereaux	publisher	Candlewick Press
The Heart of the Serpent	publisher	Foreign Languages Publishing House
The Heart of the Serpent	publisher	Collier Books
The Bull's Hour	publisher	Molodaya Gvardiya
The Pickup	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
The Pickup	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Eagle	publisher	Viking Press
Stormy Weather	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Seek: Reports from the Edges of America & Beyond	publisher	HarperCollins
Fitzpatrick's War	publisher	Daw Books
Team Titans	publisher	DC Comics
The Master of Ballantrae	publisher	Cassell
Mass Effect	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Mass Effect	publisher	Electronic Arts
Looking for Jake	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Looking for Jake	publisher	Del Rey Books
Zone of the Enders: The Fist of Mars	publisher	Konami
Lufia & the Fortress of Doom	publisher	Taito
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Certain Justice	publisher	Faber & Faber
Mutant	publisher	Target Games
Front Mission 5: Scars of the War	publisher	Square Enix
The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp	publisher	A. C. Fifield, London
D6 System	publisher	West End Games
Transformers	publisher	Atari
The Adventures of Augie March	publisher	Viking Press
Challenge of the Ancient Empires!	publisher	The Learning Company
Speak, Memory	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Death Gate	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Annuario Pontificio	publisher	Holy See
4D Sports Boxing	publisher	Mindscape
Danger Unlimited	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Elder Scrolls: Arena	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Fast Second	publisher	Jossey-Bass, San Francisco
Veniss Underground	publisher	Night Shade Books and Prime Books
Pursuit Force	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
In God We Trust: All Others Pay Cash	publisher	Doubleday
In God We Trust: All Others Pay Cash	publisher	Broadway Books
Millie the Model	publisher	Timely Comics
Millie the Model	publisher	Atlas Comics
Millie the Model	publisher	Marvel Comics
Beyond Apollo	publisher	Random House
Beyond Apollo	publisher	Pocket Books
Shinobi	publisher	Sega
Snowboard Kids 2	publisher	Atlus
The Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow	publisher	Scholastic Inc.New York
Virtua Fighter 3	publisher	Sega
Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon and the Blade of Light	publisher	Nintendo
Postal III	publisher	Akella
X-Men: Reign of Apocalypse	publisher	Activision
Democracy & Nature	publisher	Aigis Publications
Democracy & Nature	publisher	Routledge
Rugby League	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Chickenhawk	publisher	Viking Press
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory video games	publisher	2K Play
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory video games	publisher	Game Boy Advance:
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory video games	publisher	2
Bonk's Return	publisher	Hudson Soft
Milon no Hoshizora Shabon: Puzzle Kumikyoku	publisher	Hudson Soft
Metallica: This Monster Lives	publisher	Saint Martin's Press Inc.
Hot Gimmick	publisher	Shogakukan
Soldiers of Anarchy	publisher	Bigben Interactive
Soldiers of Anarchy	publisher	Simon & Schuster Interactive
The Day of Creation	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Barbarian	publisher	Titus Software
Mortal Kombat: Armageddon	publisher	Midway Games
Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures	publisher	Midway Games
The Baseball 2003	publisher	Konami
Way of the Peaceful Warrior	publisher	HJ Kramer
Mystery Mile	publisher	Jarrolds Publishing
Mystery Mile	publisher	Doubleday
PÜNCT	publisher	Rio Grande Games
PÜNCT	publisher	Don & Co.
The Adventures of Pussycat	publisher	Magazine Management Company
Boiled Angel	publisher	Mike Diana
The Atlas of the Land	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Ode Less Travelled	publisher	Hutchinson
Who%3F	publisher	Pyramid Books
Space Ace	publisher	Shueisha
Dark Angel	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Crusader of Centy	publisher	Sega
Blood	publisher	American Society of Hematology
The Whimper of Whipped Dogs	publisher	Harper & Row
The Strawberry Statement	publisher	Random House
Where the Sidewalk Ends	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
Cat and Mouse	publisher	Luchterhand Literaturverlag
Word Rescue	publisher	Apogee Software
The Crown of Dalemark	publisher	Mandarin Publishing
Rifles for Watie	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell
Redline	publisher	Accolade
Gothic II	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Gothic II	publisher	Atari
Batman: Dark Tomorrow	publisher	Kemco
Batman: Dark Tomorrow	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Batman: Dark Tomorrow	publisher	DC Comics
A&F Quarterly	publisher	Shahid & Company, New York
Rise of the Phoenix	publisher	Koei
WRC: Rally Evolved	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Mark Twain's	publisher	Sheldon
Edgar & Ellen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Leisure Suit Larry: Magna Cum Laude	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Leisure Suit Larry Goes Looking for Love	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Leisure Suit Larry III: Passionate Patti in Pursuit of the Pulsating Pectorals	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Leisure Suit Larry 5: Passionate Patti Does a Little Undercover Work	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Leisure Suit Larry 6: Shape Up or Slip Out!	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Corrector Yui	publisher	NHK
Corrector Yui	publisher	Shogakukan
Tonde Burin	publisher	Shogakukan
Three Junes	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Magic Labyrinth	publisher	Phantasia Press
QST	publisher	American Radio Relay League
Demokratizatsiya	publisher	Institute for European, Russian and Eurasian Studies
Zoo Tycoon 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Zoo Tycoon 2	publisher	MacSoft Games
Secret Agent of Terra	publisher	Ace Books
Tales from the Empire	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Mushishi	publisher	Kodansha
Feminism and Nationalism in the Third World	publisher	Zed Books
The Vietnamese Gulag	publisher	Paris : R. Laffont
The Vietnamese Gulag	publisher	New York : Simon & Schuster
Romancing SaGa 3	publisher	Square
Noctropolis	publisher	Electronic Arts
Noctropolis	publisher	Night Dive Studios
NBA Street Showdown	publisher	EA Sports BIG
Gods of Riverworld	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Death and Life of Great American Cities	publisher	Random House, New York
Grandia Xtreme	publisher	Enix
Grandia Xtreme	publisher	Square Enix
Grandia III	publisher	Square Enix
Daniel Martin	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Daniel Martin	publisher	Little Brown
Grandia Online	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Night Shift	publisher	Lucasfilm Games
Chemische Berichte	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Chemische Berichte	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Tetrahedron	publisher	Elsevier
Nova 9: The Return of Gir Draxon	publisher	Sierra On-Line, Inc.
Tao Feng: Fist of the Lotus	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Romancing SaGa 2	publisher	Square
The Alphabet of Manliness	publisher	Kensington Books
The Alphabet of Manliness	publisher	Penguin Books
Forbidden Colors	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists	publisher	ReganBooks
European Physical Journal	publisher	EDP Sciences
European Physical Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
European Physical Journal	publisher	Società Italiana di Fisica
NOiSE	publisher	Kodansha
Australian Rugby League	publisher	EA Sports
Iceberg	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts	publisher	Faber and Faber
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts	publisher	Grove Press
The Ivory Trail	publisher	Viking Press
Togainu no Chi	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Togainu no Chi	publisher	Biblos
Togainu no Chi	publisher	Enterbrain
Lagoon	publisher	Kemco
SpongeBob SquarePants: Lights, Camera, Pants!	publisher	THQ
Motocross Madness 2	publisher	Microsoft Games
GURPS Monsters	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Red Earth	publisher	Capcom
A Memory of Light	publisher	Tor Books
A Memory of Light	publisher	Orbit Books
Children's Digest	publisher	Parents
Children's Digest	publisher	The Saturday Evening Post Society
The Aspern Papers	publisher	Macmillan and Co., London, New York City
Magyk	publisher	HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing
Skullmonkeys	publisher	EA Los Angeles
Sports Car GT	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mega Man Zero	publisher	Capcom
Evangeline	publisher	Comico Comics
Evangeline	publisher	Lodestone Comics
Evangeline	publisher	First Comics
Bee Season	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell Publishing Group
Mega Man Battle & Chase	publisher	Capcom
Earth Defense Force	publisher	Jaleco
Fatal Labyrinth	publisher	Sega
System Rush	publisher	Nokia
Designated Targets	publisher	Del Rey Books
Confidence Men	publisher	Harper
Kōtarō Makaritōru!	publisher	Kodansha
Kōtarō Makaritōru!	publisher	Kodansha
Michelle Remembers	publisher	Pocket Books
Firebug	publisher	MUSE Software
Overboard!	publisher	Psygnosis
Colossus	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
Blubber	publisher	Bradbury Press
Techno Cop	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor	publisher	Ubisoft
New Oxford Book of Carols	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Great God Pan	publisher	John Lane
Lufia: The Ruins of Lore	publisher	Taito Corporation
Lufia: The Ruins of Lore	publisher	Atlus
Xiaolin Showdown Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Klonoa: Empire of Dreams	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Tales of Eternia Online	publisher	Namco
De Legibus	publisher	Presumably Titus Pomponius Atticus
Rise and Fall: Civilizations at War	publisher	Midway Games
Malone Dies	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
RF Online	publisher	CCR International
RF Online	publisher	Lyto
RF Online	publisher	RedFox Games
Kosala	publisher	Popular Publications
The Scorpio Illusion	publisher	HarperCollins
Apple Panic	publisher	Brøderbund
Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Beyblade: Super Tournament Battle	publisher	Atari
Beyblade: Super Tournament Battle	publisher	Takara
Beyblade: Super Tournament Battle	publisher	Nelvana Limited
Star Trek: Elite Force II	publisher	Activision
Exolon	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Advances in Physics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Kaze no Klonoa: Moonlight Museum	publisher	Namco
A Dozen Tough Jobs	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Saviour	publisher	Trident Comics
Blood Follows	publisher	PS Publishing
Blood Follows	publisher	Night Shade Books
The Link	publisher	Hebdo-Litho
Siren	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Confidential Agent	publisher	Heinemann
Brisingr	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets	publisher	Scholastic
Captain Underpants and the Invasion...	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Invasion...	publisher	Scholastic
Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants	publisher	Scholastic
Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman	publisher	Scholastic
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy	publisher	Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy	publisher	Scholastic
Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts	publisher	Capcom
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Klonoa 2: Dream Champ Tournament	publisher	Namco
BioMetal	publisher	Activision
Argentinisches Tageblatt	publisher	Roberto Alemann
LiberoGrande	publisher	Namco
Quarantine	publisher	Penguin Putnam
Chronicle of Current Events	publisher	Soviet human rights movement
Lui	publisher	Hachette Filipacchi Médias
Creepy	publisher	Warren Publishing, Dark Horse Comics
The Hill of Dreams	publisher	Grant Richards
Empire	publisher	Gorilla Comics
Empire	publisher	DC Comics
Empire	publisher	Thrillbent
Butterfly Economics	publisher	Faber and Faber Limited
C The Contra Adventure	publisher	Konami
Blood & Magic	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Disciples: Sacred Lands	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Boyhood	publisher	Sovremennik
I Know What You Need	publisher	Doubleday
The History of Henry Esmond	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Ledge	publisher	Doubleday
Klonoa: Door to Phantomile	publisher	Namco
Klonoa: Door to Phantomile	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
52	publisher	DC Comics
Jack Cross	publisher	DC Comics
Stuntman	publisher	Infogrames
Shop till You Drop Dead	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Trident	publisher	Trident Comics
Spider-Man: House of M	publisher	Marvel Comics
Railroad Tycoon II	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Railroad Tycoon II	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Railroad Tycoon 3	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Doctor Who and the Pescatons	publisher	Target Books
The Ghosts of N-Space	publisher	Virgin Books
Ground Defense Force! Mao-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Big Numbers	publisher	Mad Love
Outlander	publisher	Delacorte Books
The Last Rung on the Ladder	publisher	Doubleday
Tex Murphy: Overseer	publisher	Access Software
Oink!	publisher	Fleetway
XGRA: Extreme G Racing Association	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Samurai Shodown 64: Warriors Rage	publisher	SNK Playmore
On Heroes and Tombs	publisher	Compañía General Fabril Editora
New England Review	publisher	Middlebury College
Gotcha Force	publisher	Capcom
The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel	publisher	John Murray
Cho Aniki	publisher	Bandai
Cho Aniki	publisher	Masaya
Hi no Tori Hououhen	publisher	Konami
Conquest: Frontier Wars	publisher	Ubisoft
Without Warning	publisher	Capcom
Romulus, My Father	publisher	The Text Publishing Company Pty. Ltd., Melbourne
Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of Steel	publisher	14
Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of Steel	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Jyllands-Posten	publisher	Politikens Hus
Nightshade	publisher	Sega
NES Open Tournament Golf	publisher	Nintendo
The Sheep-Pig	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Juiced: Wild Times, Rampant 'Roids, Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big	publisher	Regan Books
Lemmings Revolution	publisher	Psygnosis
Lemmings Revolution	publisher	Talonsoft
Ridge Racer 6	publisher	Namco
Tintin	publisher	Le Lombard
Garfield: Caught in the Act	publisher	Sega
Kessen III	publisher	Koei
I Capture the Castle	publisher	William Heinemann ; McClelland and Stewart ; Little, Brown
Trojan Odyssey	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
StarQuest Online	publisher	NeXeon Technologies Inc
Kamikaze Girls	publisher	Shogakukan
Acidity	publisher	Chowk.com
EyeToy: Operation Spy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Little Boy Lost	publisher	Cresset Press
Little Boy Lost	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Wired	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wired	publisher	Pocket Books
When Genius Failed	publisher	Random House
Duke Nukem: Zero Hour	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Proceedings of the Physical Society	publisher	IOP Publishing
The King's Stilts	publisher	Random House
The Seven Lady Godivas	publisher	Random House
Scrambled Eggs Super!	publisher	Random House
Bartholomew and the Oobleck	publisher	Random House
If I Ran the Circus	publisher	Random House
McElligot's Pool	publisher	Random House
Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book	publisher	Random House
I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew	publisher	Random House
The Shape of Me and Other Stuff	publisher	Random House
Did I Ever Tell You How Lucky You Are%3F	publisher	Redbook
Did I Ever Tell You How Lucky You Are%3F	publisher	Random House
Oh, the Thinks You Can Think!	publisher	Random House
Oh Say Can You Say%3F	publisher	Random House
I Can Read with My Eyes Shut!	publisher	Random House
You're Only Old Once!	publisher	Random House
Daisy-Head Mayzie	publisher	Random House
The Counterplot	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Psy-Phi	publisher	Sega
Spyman	publisher	Harvey Comics
Pyjamarama	publisher	Mikro-Gen
Darkman	publisher	Ocean Software
Quarterback Attack with Mike Ditka	publisher	Digital Pictures
Chibi Vampire	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Chibi Vampire	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Tecmo Cup Football Game	publisher	Sega
Auschwitz and After	publisher	Yale University Press
Mickey Mania: The Timeless Adventures of Mickey Mouse	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Summerland	publisher	Miramax
A Man for All Islands	publisher	Times Editions
Plaza Magazine	publisher	Christopher Östlund
The Whispering Statue	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
P.N.03	publisher	Capcom
Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes	publisher	Edmond Werdet
Arthur Mervyn	publisher	H. Maxwell & Co.
Kizuna Encounter	publisher	SNK
Ninja Baseball Bat Man	publisher	Irem Corporation
Ninja Baseball Bat Man	publisher	Irem America
On Paradise Drive	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ganbare Goemon! Karakuri Dōchū	publisher	Konami
Shin Kidō Senki Gundam Wing: Endless Duel	publisher	Bandai
The Cyber Shinobi	publisher	Sega
Felix Holt, the Radical	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
Marca	publisher	Unidad Editorial
RAF News	publisher	Ministry of Defence
Total Annihilation: The Core Contingency	publisher	GT Interactive
Which Lie Did I Tell%3F	publisher	Pantheon Books
War Game	publisher	Pavilion Books
Herland	publisher	Forerunner
Herland	publisher	Pantheon Books
Call It Sleep	publisher	Robert O. Ballou
Dogsong	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Technological Forecasting and Social Change	publisher	Elsevier
Wizardry 8	publisher	Sir-Tech
Wizardry 8	publisher	Night Dive Studios
The Truth	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood	publisher	Broadway
Wall Around a Star	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Crime at Black Dudley	publisher	Jarrolds Publishing
Konami's Ping Pong	publisher	Konami
Saga of Cuckoo	publisher	Ballantine Books
Saga of Cuckoo	publisher	Del Rey Books
Journal of the Chemical Society	publisher	Chemical Society
The G.G. Shinobi	publisher	Sega
Global Operations	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Global Operations	publisher	Electronic Arts
Summa Theologica	publisher	Benzinger Brothers Printers to the Holy Apostolic See
Samurai Shodown 64	publisher	SNK Playmore
Doc Savage: His Apocalyptic Life	publisher	Doubleday
Stellaluna	publisher	Harcourt
Stellaluna	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Merlin Conspiracy	publisher	HarperCollins
Tales of the Slayers	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Dungeon Explorer	publisher	Hudson Soft
Rune: Halls of Valhalla	publisher	Gathering of Developers
The Ambler Warning	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Apocalypse Watch	publisher	HarperCollins
Gangland	publisher	Whiptail Interactive
The Janson Directive	publisher	St. Martin's Press
When We Were Orphans	publisher	Faber and Faber
Hover Car Racer	publisher	Pan MacMillan
My Career Goes Bung	publisher	Georgian House, Australia
The Settlers III	publisher	Blue Byte Software
The Brightonomicon	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Maniac Road	publisher	MediaWorks
Hangover Square	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Hangover Square	publisher	Random House
Whiteout	publisher	Oni Press
The Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix	publisher	Marvel Comics
PS, I Love You	publisher	Thorndike Press
Tunnels of Blood	publisher	HarperCollins
Samurai Shodown II	publisher	SNK
Metal Slug 2	publisher	SNK
Metal Slug 2	publisher	D4 Enterprise
Metal Slug 2	publisher	Agetec
Fury3	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Foundation	publisher	Science Fiction Foundation
Burntime	publisher	Max Design
Extrapolation	publisher	Liverpool University Press
The Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix	publisher	Marvel Comics
The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle	publisher	Avon Books
Deliria	publisher	Laughing Pan Productions
Violinist of Hameln	publisher	Enix
Violinist of Hameln	publisher	Square Enix
Wings of Fury	publisher	Brøderbund
Bunte	publisher	Hubert Burda Media
Disney Magazine	publisher	The Walt Disney Company
Kimi no Kakera	publisher	Shogakukan
Monster Truck Madness 2	publisher	Microsoft
Monster Truck Madness 2	publisher	Rockstar
Mathilukal	publisher	DC Books
Direct Descent	publisher	Ace Books
Imperium Galactica II: Alliances	publisher	GT Interactive
Jungle Action	publisher	Atlas Comics
Jungle Action	publisher	Marvel Comics
Red Steel	publisher	Ubisoft
One for the Road	publisher	Doubleday
The Aquitaine Progression	publisher	Random House
Samurai Shodown III	publisher	SNK
Alien Storm	publisher	Sega
Richter 10	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Enemy of My Enemy	publisher	University Press of Kansas
Contra: Shattered Soldier	publisher	Konami
Haunting	publisher	Electronic Arts
Neo Contra	publisher	Konami
Spider-Man and the X-Men in Arcade's Revenge	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Spider-Man and the X-Men in Arcade's Revenge	publisher	LJN
Spider-Man and the X-Men in Arcade's Revenge	publisher	Flying Edge
Samurai Shodown! 2	publisher	SNK
Tommy's Tale	publisher	Regan Books
The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Outsider	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Santa Barbara News-Press	publisher	Wendy P. McCaw
Santa Barbara News-Press	publisher	Arthur von Wiesenberger
Zillion	publisher	Sega
Star Wars: Obi-Wan	publisher	LucasArts
Brothers	publisher	Warner Books
The Necromancer	publisher	Top Cow
RPG Maker 2003	publisher	Enterbrain
The Black Pearl	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Castles Made of Sand	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Demon Stalkers	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cowl	publisher	Tor Books
Another Fine Myth	publisher	Starblaze Graphics
More Flanimals	publisher	Faber and Faber
Arch of Triumph	publisher	Appleton-Century
Samurai Shodown: Warriors Rage	publisher	SNK
Klonoa Heroes: Densetsu no Star Medal	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Anno 1503	publisher	Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
Alien Soldier	publisher	Sega
The General	publisher	Avalon Hill
Kamichu!	publisher	MediaWorks
In His Steps	publisher	Chicago Advance
The Tolkien Reader	publisher	Ballantine Books
Black Edelweiss	publisher	Aegis Consulting Group
Molon Labe!	publisher	Javelin Press
Metal Slug 3	publisher	SNK
Metal Slug 3	publisher	D4 Enterprise
Midnight Lamp	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Band of Gypsys	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Big Nowhere	publisher	The Mysterious Press
Sonic the Hedgehog 2	publisher	Sega
Jarhead	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Secret Texts	publisher	Aspect, Millennium Fantasy
The Chosen	publisher	Bantam Books UK, a division of Random House
The Standing Dead	publisher	Bantam Books UK, a division of Random House
Samurai Shodown V	publisher	SNK Playmore
Rockman EXE 4.5 Real Operation	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man: The Wily Wars	publisher	Capcom
Rockman EXE WS	publisher	Bandai
The Apprentice	publisher	Graywolf Press
The Apprentice	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Super Adventure Rockman	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Xtreme	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man Xtreme 2	publisher	Capcom
Hands Off!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Adulteress	publisher	The MacGregor Co
Mars Saga	publisher	Electronic Arts
Stargirl	publisher	Scholastic Inc.
An Old-Fashioned Girl	publisher	Roberts Brothers
WCW Mayhem	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lego Island	publisher	Mindscape
Outwars	publisher	Microsoft
D	publisher	Panasonic
D	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Times Atlas of World History	publisher	Collins Bartholomew
The Red Room	publisher	Jos Seligmann & Co
The Auk	publisher	American Ornithologists' Union
Blast Works: Build, Trade, Destroy	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Conan	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Fattypuffs and Thinifers	publisher	The Bodley Head
Invitation to a Beheading	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Sexy Parodius	publisher	Konami
NFL '97	publisher	Sega
Julian	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
NFL Prime Time '98	publisher	Sega
The Man	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Question of Upbringing	publisher	Heinemann
Untold Legends: The Warrior's Code	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
FX Fighter	publisher	GTE Entertainment
Robotech: The Macross Saga	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Oil!	publisher	Albert & Charles Boni
Alex Kidd: The Lost Stars	publisher	Sega
Doncaster Free Press	publisher	Johnston Press
Tempest	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Amulet of Samarkand	publisher	Doubleday
Eye in the Sky	publisher	Ace Books
A Planet for the President	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
CanCam	publisher	Shogakukan
Garfield: Big Fat Hairy Deal	publisher	EDGE Games
Growlanser III: The Dual Darkness	publisher	Atlus
Dispatches	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Blood+	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Blood+	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Judge Dredd	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
Delta	publisher	Thalamus Ltd
Cannabis Culture	publisher	Marc Emery
The Staff of Karnath	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
The Number Devil	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
A Tourist Guide to Lancre	publisher	Corgi Books
It's Not the End of the World	publisher	Bradbury Press
Gravity Dreams	publisher	Tor
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus	publisher	Bowen Merrill
Master of Orion III	publisher	Infogrames
Messiah	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Magna Carta: The Phantom of Avalanche	publisher	Softmax
Vigilance	publisher	SegaSoft
Journal of Modern Greek Studies	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Fraction	publisher	DC Comics
ClockWerx	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte
ClockWerx	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Aunt Phillis's Cabin	publisher	Lippincott, Grambo & Co.
Imadoki!	publisher	Shogakukan
Lords of Magic	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Speculum	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Medieval Academy of America
Golf	publisher	Nintendo
The People of Sparks	publisher	Random House
The People of Sparks	publisher	Yearling Books
TNA Impact!	publisher	Midway Games
The Boogeyman	publisher	Doubleday
Impossible Mission II	publisher	Epyx
The Secret Sharer	publisher	Harper's Magazine
The Spellcoats	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Totem and Taboo	publisher	Beacon Press
Crossfire	publisher	Kodansha
Urban Reign	publisher	Namco
Odama	publisher	Nintendo
DragonMech	publisher	Goodman Games
DragonMech	publisher	Sword & Sorcery Studios
Black Projects, White Knights	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
How Are We to Live%3F	publisher	Text Publishing, Melbourne
Cross Channel	publisher	Flying Shine
Cross Channel	publisher	KID
Cross Channel	publisher	CyberFront
Cross Channel	publisher	5
Shining Force CD	publisher	Sega
Defenders of Oasis	publisher	Sega
A Stranger Is Watching	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ant Attack	publisher	Quicksilva
Willow	publisher	Capcom
Crystal Warriors	publisher	Sega
A Memory of Murder	publisher	Dell Books
The Lord of the Rings: The Third Age	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Nitrogen Fix	publisher	Ace Books
Rogue Planet	publisher	Del Rey Books
Tea from an Empty Cup	publisher	Tor Books
Syndicate: American Revolt	publisher	Electronic Arts
Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Forgotten Realms Atlas	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Technicolor Time Machine	publisher	Doubleday
In the Company of Heroes	publisher	New American Library
Tecmo Super Bowl II: Special Edition	publisher	Tecmo
Monument	publisher	Doubleday
GURPS Grimoire	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Ice Age	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Timeline	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Autoduel	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Reign of Steel	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Chessmen of Mars	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Higher Education	publisher	Tor Books
Mario Tennis: Power Tour	publisher	Nintendo
GURPS Illuminati University	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Riverworld	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Humanx	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Terradyne	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Mixed Doubles	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS War Against the Chtorr	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Horseclans	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Dungeons & Dragons: The Fantasy Adventure Board Game	publisher	Parker Brothers
Varjak Paw	publisher	David Fickling Books
John Inglesant	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Rabbit Redux	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
High Society	publisher	Bantam Press
Biomega	publisher	Shueisha
Santorini	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Santorini	publisher	Doubleday
Nancy Drew: Secret of the Old Clock	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant	publisher	Sir-Tech
Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Unlimited Power	publisher	Ballantine Books
Jacking in to the Matrix Franchise	publisher	Bloomsbury Academic
Journal of Physical Chemistry A	publisher	American Chemical Society
Journal of Physical Chemistry B	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Rediscovery of Man	publisher	NESFA Press
Super Mario Adventures	publisher	Nintendo
Super Mario Adventures	publisher	Shogakukan
Doubt!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Happy Hustle High	publisher	Shogakukan
The Story of an Hour	publisher	Vogue
Kekkaishi	publisher	Shogakukan
Kid Niki: Radical Ninja	publisher	Irem
Kid Niki: Radical Ninja	publisher	Data East
Bubble Trouble	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Fight Night Round 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kare First Love	publisher	Shogakukan
The Last Ship	publisher	Viking Press
The Last Ship	publisher	Ballantine Books
Dzikie Pola	publisher	Wydawnictwo MAG
The Deer and the Cauldron	publisher	Ming Pao
Spyro: Shadow Legacy	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Spyro: Shadow Legacy	publisher	Universal Interactive
Seven Ancient Wonders	publisher	Pan MacMillan
The Golem's Eye	publisher	Doubleday
Ptolemy's Gate	publisher	Doubleday
Woman's Day	publisher	Hearst Magazines
The Land of Mist	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Kill Your Boyfriend	publisher	Vertigo
Bombaiyer Bombete	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Battle Arena Toshinden 2	publisher	Arcade
Battle Arena Toshinden 2	publisher	Capcom
Battle Arena Toshinden 2	publisher	PlayStation  PC
Battle Arena Toshinden 2	publisher	THQ
Crusaders of Might and Magic	publisher	The 3DO Company
Public Opinion Quarterly	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Greatest Salesman in the World	publisher	Bantam Books
Just a Pilgrim	publisher	Black Bull Comics
Daughter of the Lioness	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Mandingo	publisher	Denlinger's
Taikodom	publisher	Hoplon Infotainment
All Families Are Psychotic	publisher	Random House of Canada
All Families Are Psychotic	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing Plc
The Woman in the Room	publisher	Doubleday
Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Kickers, Inc.	publisher	Marvel Comics
Expanded Universe	publisher	Ace Books
Chō Jikū Yōsai Macross: Ai Oboete Imasu ka	publisher	Bandai
Shadow Skill	publisher	Takeshobo
Shadow Skill	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Shadow Skill	publisher	Kodansha
The Scapegoat	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Scapegoat	publisher	Doubleday
Market Wizards	publisher	HarperCollins
No Country for Old Men	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Wizard of Wor	publisher	Midway Games
Wizard of Wor	publisher	CBS Electronics
Wizard of Wor	publisher	Roklan
Douwe Dabbert	publisher	Big Balloon
Shadowgrounds	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
World's Largest Dungeon	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Trials of Death	publisher	HarperCollins
Inquisition: The Persecution and Prosecution of the Reverend Sun Myung Moon	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Journal of Diplomacy and International Relations	publisher	Seton Hall University
The Long Revolution	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Soul Harvest	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Assassins	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Indwelling	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Remnant	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Mark	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Armageddon	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Glorious Appearing	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Rising	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Rapture	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Waterland	publisher	William Heinemann
Tramps Like Us	publisher	Kodansha
Captive	publisher	Mindscape
Dangling Man	publisher	Vanguard Press
Gain Ground	publisher	Sega
With the Old Breed	publisher	Presidio Press
ATV Offroad Fury	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Metal Slug	publisher	SNK Playmore
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	publisher	Random House/Rolling Stone Press
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	publisher	Random House
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	publisher	Fireside Books
The Deceiver	publisher	Bantam Press
Mrs. Spring Fragrance	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Vanguard	publisher	SNK Playmore
Vanguard	publisher	Centuri
Vanguard	publisher	Zaccaria
Vanguard	publisher	Atari
Security Analysis	publisher	Whittlesey House, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
The Jungle Book	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Victim	publisher	Vanguard Press 1947
Double or Die	publisher	Puffin Books
The American Pageant	publisher	Cengage Learning
Super Bomberman 5	publisher	Hudson Soft
Jughead's Double Digest	publisher	Archie Comics
M.C. Kids	publisher	Virgin Interactive, Ocean Europe Limited
Evening's Empire	publisher	Tor Books
The Truth About Diamonds	publisher	Harper Entertainment
The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India	publisher	Voice of India
Systems Failure	publisher	Palladium Books
Ninjas & Superspies	publisher	Palladium Books
The Calcutta Quran Petition	publisher	Voice of India
Star Raiders II	publisher	Atari
Urban Chaos	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Marvel Super-Heroes	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Catholic Telegraph	publisher	Most Rev. Dennis Marion Schnurr
Egypt	publisher	Human Entertainment
Nightbane	publisher	Palladium Books
Gacha Gacha	publisher	Kodansha
Roseanna	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Roseanna	publisher	Pantheon Books
Dragon's Gate	publisher	GEnie, AOL, Mythic Realms, independent
Fullmetal Alchemist: Dream Carnival	publisher	Bandai
The World According to Clarkson	publisher	Penguin books
The Enchanted Castle	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Marvel Adventures Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Hover!	publisher	Microsoft
Suikoden	publisher	Konami
Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
La Débâcle	publisher	Charpentier
Star Wars Trilogy: Apprentice of the Force	publisher	Ubisoft
Invasion	publisher	Pan Books
Operation Chaos	publisher	Doubleday
Continental Circus	publisher	Taito Corporation
Popful Mail	publisher	Working Designs
Kitty Pryde and Wolverine	publisher	Marvel Comics
Hell Girl	publisher	Kodansha
Hell Girl	publisher	Kodansha
Monster Nation	publisher	www.thundersmouth.com
The Confusions of Young Törless	publisher	Wiener Verlag
Monster Island	publisher	Thunder's Mouth Press
Murder in the Mews	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Children of the Company	publisher	Tor Books
Barbie: Super Model	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
The Bilestoad	publisher	Datamost
Chrome	publisher	Strategy First
Emergency Medicine Journal	publisher	BMJ Group on behalf of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine
Shohola Falls	publisher	Syracuse University Press
Gauntlet: The Third Encounter	publisher	Atari
Raag Darbari	publisher	Penguin Books Ltd
Berserk: Millennium Falcon Hen Seima Senki no Shō	publisher	Sammy Corporation
La cuisine en dix minutes	publisher	Éditions Paul Martial
DreamMix TV World Fighters	publisher	Konami
DreamMix TV World Fighters	publisher	Takara
DreamMix TV World Fighters	publisher	Hudson Soft
Wolverine	publisher	Marvel Comics
Labyrinth	publisher	Acornsoft
Shadow Lady	publisher	Shueisha
Vay	publisher	SIMS Co., Ltd.
Vay	publisher	Working Designs
Vay	publisher	SoMoGa, Inc.
Drawing Blood	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Burial at Thebes	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Journal of Asian Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Association for Asian Studies
Digimon World 3	publisher	Bandai
Legend of the Five Rings Roleplaying Game	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Ten Nights of Dreams	publisher	Asahi Shimbun
Nancy Drew: Secrets Can Kill	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Myron	publisher	Random House
Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge	publisher	Sir-Tech
Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge	publisher	ASCII
Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Dragonfly in Amber	publisher	Delacorte Press
Black Hole	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Black Hole	publisher	Fantagraphics
Chronomaster	publisher	IntraCorp and Capstone Software
Muhammad: A Biography of the Prophet	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Hart's Hope	publisher	Berkley Publishing
Kingdom of Paradise	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
R-Type Leo	publisher	Irem
The Castle of Llyr	publisher	1966-03-03
New Humanist	publisher	Rationalist Association
Marvel Zombies	publisher	Marvel Comics
Southern Economic Association	publisher	Southern Economic Association via Wiley-Blackwell
The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man	publisher	Sherman, French, & Co.
Annals of Emergency Medicine	publisher	Mosby on behalf of the American College of Emergency Physicians
Kururin Paradise	publisher	Nintendo
NHL Hockey	publisher	EA Sports
The Little Mermaid	publisher	Capcom
Malice	publisher	Quantum Axcess
Hot Sleep	publisher	Baronet Publishing
The Mysteries of Udolpho	publisher	G. G. and J. Robinson
World Heroes 2	publisher	ADK, SNK
Wik and the Fable of Souls	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
The Phantom of Manhattan	publisher	Bantam Books
The Phantom of Manhattan	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Son of M	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Fairy Tale of New York	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Fairy Tale of New York	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Moldovan–Romanian dictionary	publisher	Chișinău
A Break with Charity	publisher	Gulliver Books
Hang a Thousand Trees with Ribbons	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Secret People	publisher	George Newnes
L'Œuvre	publisher	Charpentier
Heat Guy J	publisher	Kodansha
The Bible Unearthed	publisher	Free Press
Revolver	publisher	Fleetway
Beyond Civilization	publisher	Harmony Books
Back to the Future Part III	publisher	Image Works
Back to the Future Part III	publisher	Arena Entertainment
Race: The Reality of Human Difference	publisher	Basic Books
Fruits	publisher	Shoichi Aoki
Class Reunion	publisher	P. Zsolnay
Conquest of the Crystal Palace	publisher	Asmik Corporation of America
Bill Laimbeer's Combat Basketball	publisher	Hudson Soft
Headhunter Redemption	publisher	Sega
The Literary Review	publisher	Fairleigh Dickinson University
Fax from Sarajevo	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Spider-Man	publisher	Activision
Hunter's Moon	publisher	Unwin Hyman
River of Eternity	publisher	Phantasia Press
Shining Tears	publisher	Sega
Ugh!	publisher	PlayByte
The Emperor Wears No Clothes	publisher	Ah Ha Publishing,
The Emperor Wears No Clothes	publisher	Quick American Archives
Graveyard Shift	publisher	Doubleday
Hardware: Online Arena	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Mighty Final Fight	publisher	Capcom
Awesome	publisher	Psygnosis
American Journal of Psychiatry	publisher	American Psychiatric Association
The Straight Mind and Other Essays	publisher	Beacon Press
All the King's Horses	publisher	Delacorte Press
Black Easter	publisher	Faber and Faber
Black Easter	publisher	Doubleday
Darwin's Radio	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mega Man Legends	publisher	Capcom
Jumping Flash! 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Glimpse of Tiger	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Master Mind of Mars	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Global Gladiators	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Fire Power	publisher	MicroIllusions
Rockman EXE Phantom of Network	publisher	Capcom
Hanjuku Hero	publisher	Square
Hanjuku Hero	publisher	Square Enix
Hanjuku Hero	publisher	Square Enix
Ylesia	publisher	Del Rey Books
ESPN NHL 2K5	publisher	Sega
A Marvel Comics Super Special: Blade Runner	publisher	Marvel Comics
Marvel Comics Super Special	publisher	Marvel Comics
EyeToy: Monkey Mania	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Shenmue Online	publisher	Sega
Pushing Ice	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Bio Menace	publisher	Apogee Software
Chemical Reviews	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Secret World	publisher	Electronic Arts
Thimble Summer	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
WCW Wrestling	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
Tales from Silver Lands	publisher	Doubleday
Rayman Raving Rabbids	publisher	Ubisoft
Ragnarok: The Age of Fire and Gravel	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
D20 Apocalypse	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Legend of Lotus Spring	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Recognitions	publisher	Harcourt Brace & Company
A Dark Night's Passing	publisher	Fontana Press
A Dark Night's Passing	publisher	Kodansha International
Palm Sunday	publisher	Delacorte Press
Fates Worse Than Death	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Robur the Conqueror	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Jet Li: Rise to Honor	publisher	SCEA
The Planter's Northern Bride	publisher	T.B. Peterson Ltd.
Kao Challengers	publisher	Atari
Kao Challengers	publisher	Namco Bandai
Colosseum: Road to Freedom	publisher	Koei
Deenie	publisher	Bradbury Press
Belinda	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Blasteroids	publisher	Atari Games
Blasteroids	publisher	Image Works
Raiden II	publisher	Arcade:
Raiden II	publisher	Seibu Kaihatsu
Raiden II	publisher	Fabtek
Raiden II	publisher	Windows 98:
Raiden II	publisher	GAMEBANK Corporation, Cyberfront Corporation
Raiden II	publisher	Interplay Value Products Division
Rifts: Promise of Power	publisher	Nokia
A Dweller on Two Planets	publisher	Baumgardt Publishing Company
WCW Backstage Assault	publisher	Electronic Arts
Journal of Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	American Chemical Society
Organic Letters	publisher	American Chemical Society
Rockman Complete Works	publisher	Capcom
ACS Combinatorial Science	publisher	American Chemical Society
NCAA Football	publisher	EA Sports
NCAA Football	publisher	Electronic Arts
NCAA Football	publisher	Black Pearl Software
The Man Who Went Up in Smoke	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Man Who Went Up in Smoke	publisher	Pantheon Books
Ace Combat 3: Electrosphere	publisher	Namco
Yanya Caballista: City Skater	publisher	Koei
Krokodil	publisher	Rabochaya Gazeta
Krokodil	publisher	Pravda
The Book of Three	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Auriol	publisher	Routledge
SpongeBob SquarePants: Employee of the Month	publisher	THQ
Wily & Right no RockBoard: That's Paradise	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man 2: The Power Fighters	publisher	Capcom
Mega Man: The Power Battle	publisher	Capcom
JPod	publisher	Random House
JPod	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Zarch	publisher	Superior Software
Zarch	publisher	Acornsoft
Zarch	publisher	Telecomsoft
U.S. Championship V'Ball	publisher	Taito
U.S. Championship V'Ball	publisher	Nintendo
NBA Live 06	publisher	EA Sports
Wario: Master of Disguise	publisher	Nintendo
Moscow-Petushki	publisher	Self-published
The Hamlet	publisher	Random House
Superman	publisher	DC Comics
Castle Waiting	publisher	Fantagraphics
Lord Foul's Bane	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
The Journal of Politics	publisher	University of Chicago Press
American Journal of Political Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Midwest Political Science Association
American Political Science Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the American Political Science Association
What a Piece of Work I Am	publisher	Crown
The Slave Dancer	publisher	Bradbury Press
Tenchi wo Kurau II	publisher	Capcom
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13¾	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Kydd	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Attacktix	publisher	Hasbro
Cloud	publisher	USC Interactive Media Division
Pirates of the Burning Sea	publisher	Portalus Games
Pirates of the Burning Sea	publisher	Gamearena
Pirates of the Burning Sea	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Mistress of Mistresses	publisher	Faber and Faber
A Fish Dinner in Memison	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Requiem: Avenging Angel	publisher	3
The Mezentian Gate	publisher	Curwen Press
Kailashey Kelenkari	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Scattergories	publisher	Hasbro
Scattergories	publisher	Winning Moves Games USA
Truth & Justice	publisher	Atomic Sock Monkey Press
Slingo	publisher	RealNetworks
Deathbird Stories	publisher	Harper & Row
Daggerspell	publisher	Del Rey in 1986; Current edition 1993 Spectra
Moses and Monotheism	publisher	Knopf
Ligeia	publisher	The American Museum
Bahamut Senki	publisher	Sega
Puyo Puyo Fever 2	publisher	Sega
The Rats of Hamelin	publisher	Moody Publishers
Venus Wars	publisher	Gakken
Venus Wars	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
Five Point Someone	publisher	Rupa & Co.
The Lady in the Morgue	publisher	Doubleday
This Is Football	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
The Tenth Man	publisher	The Bodley Head and Anthony Blond
Sword at Sunset	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Matter of Honour	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Silver Branch	publisher	Oxford University Press
After Burner Climax	publisher	Sega
Cool World	publisher	Ocean Software
Metal Fatigue	publisher	Psygnosis
Metal Fatigue	publisher	TalonSoft
The Rivers of Zadaa	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Moonchild	publisher	Mandrake Press
Moonchild	publisher	Red Wheel Weiser Conari
The Lord of the Rings: War of the Ring	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Booklist	publisher	American Library Association
Laser Invasion	publisher	Konami
Nicktoons Unite!	publisher	THQ
Nicktoons Unite!	publisher	Nickelodeon
Nicktoons Unite!	publisher	Neko Entertainment
Saints Row	publisher	THQ
All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten	publisher	Ivy Books
The Professor, the Banker, and the Suicide King	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Prince of Foxes	publisher	Little, Brown
Call It Courage	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The House of the Dead 4	publisher	Sega
Wanted: Monty Mole	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
His Family	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Monster Rancher 4	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Tetrahedron Letters	publisher	Elsevier
The Han Solo Adventures	publisher	Del Rey Books
Accounts of Chemical Research	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Han Solo Trilogy	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Treasure Mountain!	publisher	The Learning Company
Treasure MathStorm!	publisher	The Learning Company
Whacked!	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Voss	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Star Ocean: The Second Story	publisher	Enix
Variable Star	publisher	Tor Books
Crime Life: Gang Wars	publisher	Konami
Lord of the Shadows	publisher	HarperCollins
The Alto Wore Tweed	publisher	St James Music Press
The Baritone Wore Chiffon	publisher	St. James Music Press
Arcomage	publisher	The 3DO Company
The Tenor Wore Tapshoes	publisher	St. James Music Press
Dirt Music	publisher	Picador
The Island on Bird Street	publisher	Keter Publishing House Jeruselum Lad.
Theme Park World	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil	publisher	Riverhead Books
Red Orchestra: Ostfront 41-45	publisher	Bold Games
To the Last Man	publisher	Ballantine Books
Cryptid Hunters	publisher	Hyperion Books
Drowned Wednesday	publisher	HarperCollins
Drowned Wednesday	publisher	Scholastic Press , Allen & Unwin
Realms	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Spook's Apprentice	publisher	The Bodley Head
Dark Adventure	publisher	Konami
Die Hard	publisher	Activision
Ice	publisher	Waterbrook Press
Lethal Weapon	publisher	Ocean Software
Shooting Range	publisher	Bandai
Side Pocket	publisher	Data East
Grind Session	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Neverwinter Nights: Shadows of Undrentide	publisher	Infogrames
Neverwinter Nights: Shadows of Undrentide	publisher	MacSoft Games
The Ferguson Rifle	publisher	Bantam Books
List of RoboCop video games	publisher	Ocean, Acclaim Entertainment
List of RoboCop video games	publisher	MGM Interactive
Clarion	publisher	The Pen & Anvil Press and Boston University
American Conquest	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
Secret Weapons Over Normandy	publisher	LucasArts
Powermonger	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Witches of Karres	publisher	Chilton Books
Snow	publisher	Paradigm
Snow	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Hardcore Zen	publisher	Wisdom Publications
How Hedley Hopkins Did a Dare	publisher	Puffin Books
The Boy Who Followed Ripley	publisher	Heinemann
The Boy Who Followed Ripley	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
El Espectador	publisher	Fidel Cano Correa
Halfway Across the Galaxy and Turn Left	publisher	Viking Kestrel
The Light Bearer	publisher	The Berkley Publishing Group\nISBN 0-425-14368-6 \n\nISBN 0-340-60922-2 \
Sebastian O	publisher	Vertigo Comics
The Last Basselope	publisher	Little Brown & Co
The Damnation of Theron Ware	publisher	Stone & Kimball, Chicago
Pyramid 2000	publisher	Radio Shack
Justice League Task Force	publisher	DC Comics
Arthur & George	publisher	Jonathan Cape
OutNumbered!	publisher	The Learning Company
Lady Friday	publisher	HarperCollins
Lady Friday	publisher	Scholastic Press
Lady Friday	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Shame of the Cities	publisher	McClure, Philips, and Co.
The Man on the Balcony	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Man on the Balcony	publisher	Pantheon Books
Adventures in the Magic Kingdom	publisher	Capcom
Crash N Burn	publisher	Crystal Dynamics
Mad Dog McCree	publisher	American Laser Games
Mad Dog McCree	publisher	Philips Media
Mad Dog McCree	publisher	Digital Leisure
Mad Dog McCree	publisher	Majesco Games
Midnight Rescue!	publisher	The Learning Company
Night Probe!	publisher	Bantam Books
Dragonquest	publisher	Ballantine Books
All the Weyrs of Pern	publisher	Bantam Books
Absolute Boyfriend	publisher	Shogakukan
APC	publisher	Bauer Media Group
The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
Metal Slug 6	publisher	Sega
Metal Slug 6	publisher	SNK Playmore
Description de l'Égypte	publisher	French government
The Battle of Dorking	publisher	Lippincott, Grambo & Co
SpongeBob SquarePants: The Yellow Avenger	publisher	THQ
The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters	publisher	Doubleday
The Realm of Possibility	publisher	Knopf Books for Young Readers
Marc Eckō's Getting Up: Contents Under Pressure	publisher	Atari
Marc Eckō's Getting Up: Contents Under Pressure	publisher	Devolver Digital
Believe What You Like	publisher	Andre Deutsch Limited
Kinderseele	publisher	Neue Rundschau
Miss Wyoming	publisher	Random House
A Hazard of New Fortunes	publisher	Harper & Bros
The Haj	publisher	Doubleday
Jurassic Park Interactive	publisher	Vivendi Games
Poy Poy	publisher	Konami
No Promises in the Wind	publisher	Follett Corporation
Taro the Space Alien	publisher	Shogakukan
Burning Tower	publisher	Pocket Books
CarVup	publisher	Core Design
The Future of an Illusion	publisher	Hogarth Press, London
The Future of an Illusion	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Oldtown Folks	publisher	Fields, Osgood, and Co.
Warday	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Disruptor	publisher	Universal Interactive Studios
Firestar	publisher	Marvel Comics
Die Judenbuche	publisher	Cotta, Stuttgart
Crash Bandicoot 2: N-Tranced	publisher	Universal Interactive
Crash Bandicoot 2: N-Tranced	publisher	Vivendi Games
The Story of an African Farm	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Ghost in the Shell	publisher	Kodansha
Ghost in the Shell	publisher	Kodansha
The Legend of Oasis	publisher	Sega
The Invention of Solitude	publisher	Sun Publishing
Mire Mare	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
The Black Swan	publisher	DAW Books
Journal of Experimental Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader	publisher	Del Rey Books
Match Day II	publisher	Ocean Software
Grand Canyon: A Different View	publisher	Master Books
The Border Legion	publisher	Harper
Signal to Noise	publisher	Eos
RayForce	publisher	Taito Corporation
RayForce	publisher	Gamebank
RayForce	publisher	Cyberfront Corporation
RayForce	publisher	MediaKite
RayForce	publisher	Acclaim
Prentice Alvin	publisher	Tor Books
The Transformers: Mystery of Convoy	publisher	Takara
Richard Burns Rally	publisher	SCi
Richard Burns Rally	publisher	Gizmondo Games
Pistol Daimyo no Bōken	publisher	Namco
Jock of the Bushveld	publisher	Longman
My Dear Marie	publisher	Shueisha
Zombie Hunter	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Golvellius	publisher	Compile, Sega
The Spiral Dance	publisher	Harper & Row
The Assistant	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Goodbye to Berlin	publisher	Hogarth Press
The Berlin Stories	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Pet Peeve	publisher	Tor Books
Scientologie, Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens	publisher	Ernst Reinhardt publishing house, Munich, Germany
Dog Soldiers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Mama Flora's Family	publisher	Ithaca ILR Press
Increasing Student Achievement	publisher	Rand Publishing
Juneteenth	publisher	Random House
Sharpe's Havoc	publisher	HarperCollins
Space Pirate Captain Harlock	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Golden Notebook	publisher	Michael Joseph
Let the Circle Be Unbroken	publisher	Penguin Group
Westmark	publisher	1981
ClayFighter	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Gaston de Blondeville	publisher	Henry Colburn
The Hollow Man	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Hollow Man	publisher	Harper
International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
The Man Who Loved Children	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Money	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Play It as It Lays	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Drill Dozer	publisher	Nintendo
The Sot-Weed Factor	publisher	Doubleday
The Sportswriter	publisher	Vintage
Future Evolution	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Specimens of Bushman Folklore	publisher	G. Allen
NFL Showdown	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Rally Cry	publisher	Penguin Books
The Simoqin Prophecies	publisher	Penguin Books, India
Secret of the Stars	publisher	Tecmo
The Manticore's Secret	publisher	Penguin Books
Sword Stained with Royal Blood	publisher	Hong Kong Commercial Daily
The Ladder	publisher	Daughters of Bilitis
Or Give Me Death	publisher	Harcourt
Star Trek: Starfleet Command II: Empires at War	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
My Pretty Pony	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Dawning Light	publisher	Gnome Press
Koha Ditore	publisher	Flaka Surroi
Glass Mask	publisher	Hakusensha
Summer of My German Soldier	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell Publishing Group, Inc.
Warhammer 40,000: Rogue Trader	publisher	Games Workshop
Weird War Tales	publisher	DC Comics
Shining Force Neo	publisher	Sega
Star Wars: Darth Bane: Path of Destruction	publisher	Del Rey Books
Buzzer Beater	publisher	Shueisha
Real	publisher	Shueisha
A Word Child	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Mickey Mouse: Magic Wands!	publisher	Kemco
Mickey Mouse: Magic Wands!	publisher	Nintendo
Culdcept	publisher	Interchannel
No God but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam	publisher	Random House
The Final Solution	publisher	Fourth Estate, an imprint of HarperCollins
Werewolves in Their Youth	publisher	Random House
Fifty Degrees Below	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Condor	publisher	Central Ornithology Publication Office for the Cooper Ornithological Society
Flyboys: A True Story of Courage	publisher	Little, Brown
Birding	publisher	American Birding Association
Alone in the Dark	publisher	Atari Interactive
Fight! Iczer One	publisher	Kubo Shoten
Gun.Smoke	publisher	Capcom, Romstar
The Punisher: The End	publisher	MAX Comics
Unearthed Arcana	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Unearthed Arcana	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Heavy Weather	publisher	Little, Brown and Company, Boston
After Many a Summer	publisher	Chatto & Windus
After Many a Summer	publisher	Harper and Row
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter	publisher	Ubisoft
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories	publisher	DAW Books
Sensible Golf	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Fifty Year Sword	publisher	De Bezige Bij
Arcus II: Silent Symphony	publisher	Wolf Team
Flight of Eagles	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Vampire Game	publisher	Shinshokan
Voyager	publisher	Delacorte Press
Drums of Autumn	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Fiery Cross	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Breath of Snow and Ashes	publisher	Delacorte Press
Materials Today	publisher	Elsevier
O-Parts Hunter	publisher	Gangan Comics
Ultimate Wolverine vs. Hulk	publisher	Marvel Comics
Æon Flux	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Wilson Journal of Ornithology	publisher	Wilson Ornithological Society
Legacy of the Jedi	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Approaching Storm	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Tramp Abroad	publisher	American Publishing Company
Secrets of the Jedi	publisher	Scholastic Press
Boba Fett: The Fight to Survive	publisher	Scholastic Press
The American Scene	publisher	Chapman and Hall, London
The American Scene	publisher	Harper & Brothers, Boston
Oku-sama wa Mahō Shōjo: Bewitched Agnes	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Plowing the Dark	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Baoh	publisher	Shueisha
Earthworm Jim: Menace 2 the Galaxy	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Spider-Man: Mysterio's Menace	publisher	Activision
Spider-Man 2: Enter Electro	publisher	Activision
Earthworm Jim 3D	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Earthworm Jim 3D	publisher	Rockstar Games
Football Glory	publisher	Black Legend
Dark Watch	publisher	Penguin Books
Space Paranoids	publisher	Disney Interactive
A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Autumn Term	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Laughing Policeman	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Laughing Policeman	publisher	Pantheon Books
Confidential Confessions	publisher	Kodansha
The Marlows and the Traitor	publisher	Faber and Faber
Falconer's Lure	publisher	Faber and Faber
Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman	publisher	Bantam Dell Publishing Group
End of Term	publisher	Faber and Faber
MegaRace	publisher	The Software Toolworks
The Restraint of Beasts	publisher	Flamingo
NHL 2K6	publisher	2
Arcade Game Construction Kit	publisher	Brøderbund
Transcendent	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Transcendent	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Panzer Dragoon Saga	publisher	Sega
Crispin: The Cross of Lead	publisher	Hyperion Books
Firestorm	publisher	Del Rey Books
A World of Hurt	publisher	Del Rey Books
Underground	publisher	Mayfair Games
Rod Land	publisher	Jaleco
Rod Land	publisher	Square Enix Europe
GURPS Lite	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Powers	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Pacific Northwest Quarterly	publisher	University of Washington
Ace Comics	publisher	David McKay Publications
Teen Titans Go!	publisher	DC Comics
An Experiment in Criticism	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Star Quest	publisher	Ace Books
Hammer of the Gods	publisher	New World Computing
Okage: Shadow King	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Radikal Bikers	publisher	Gaelco
Radikal Bikers	publisher	Atari Games
Radikal Bikers	publisher	SNK
Radikal Bikers	publisher	Infogrames
Outside Providence	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Into the Land of the Unicorns	publisher	Scholastic Paperbacks
The Great War in England in 1897	publisher	Tower Publishing Co.
Lessons of the Masters	publisher	Harvard University Press
Timequest	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Odell Lake	publisher	MECC
Illusions	publisher	Dell Publishing Co., Inc.
The Hermaphrodite	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Master of the World	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Defenders of Dynatron City	publisher	JVC
Kipps	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Snow Papers	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cosmic Conflict	publisher	Magnavox
Cosmic Conflict	publisher	Philips
In the Forests of the Night	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
Samurai	publisher	Philips
Samurai	publisher	Magnavox
Mixed-Up Fairy Tales	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Stone Sling	publisher	Philips
Stone Sling	publisher	Magnavox
B.O.B.	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fuzion Frenzy	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Antichthon	publisher	Australasian Society for Classical Studies
The It Girl	publisher	Little, Brown
Abel's Island	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Tatooine Ghost	publisher	Del Rey Books
Hello Kitty: Happy Party Pals	publisher	THQ
Hello Kitty: Happy Party Pals	publisher	Sanrio
Loons: The Fight for Fame	publisher	Infogrames
GURPS Banestorm	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Pharmer's Almanac	publisher	Pharmers Almanac
The Phish Companion	publisher	Mockingbird Foundation
The Mint	publisher	Jonathan Cape
WCW Nitro	publisher	THQ
NHL Hitz 2002	publisher	Midway Games
WWF War Zone	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
WWF Attitude	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Trenchcoat Brigade	publisher	Vertigo
Mansfield Park	publisher	Thomas Egerton
Sahara	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Midnight Cowboy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Read or Dream	publisher	Shueisha
The World's Desire	publisher	Longmans
Sega Soccer Slam	publisher	Sega
The Grandest Fleet	publisher	Quantum Quality Productions
Chthon	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Adventures of Gilligan's Island	publisher	Bandai
American Gladiators	publisher	GameTek
Vendetta for the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
The Valley of the Lost	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Return to Del	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Maze of the Beast	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Mysteries	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
Mysteries	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Mysteries	publisher	Penguin Classics
GURPS Mysteries	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Get in the Van	publisher	2.13
Harbinger	publisher	Valiant Comics
Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist	publisher	Alhoda UK
Jedi Apprentice: Deceptions	publisher	Scholastic Press
Ninjak	publisher	Valiant Comics
Naval Ops: Warship Gunner	publisher	Koei
Roderick Hudson	publisher	James R. Osgood and Company, Boston Macmillan & Co.
Football Champ	publisher	Domark
Gradius Advance	publisher	Konami
Bluppo	publisher	Webfoot Technologies
The Year of Our War	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
No Present Like Time	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Nodame Cantabile	publisher	Kodansha
OutRun 2006: Coast 2 Coast	publisher	Sega
Howards End	publisher	Edward Arnold
Molloy	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Molloy	publisher	Grove Press
The Unnamable	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Worlds of Wonder	publisher	Chaosium
WWF Superstars	publisher	Technōs Japan
WWF WrestleFest	publisher	Technōs Japan
WWF WrestleFest	publisher	Seed Studio
The Kempton-Wace Letters	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Changing Land	publisher	Del Rey Books
GURPS Magic	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Fantasy	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Space	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Open Sources: Voices from the Open Source Revolution	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Sudden Strike 2	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Drol	publisher	Brøderbund
Mushroom Alley	publisher	Victory Software
Mushroom Alley	publisher	Mogul Communications
Sharpe's Tiger	publisher	Harper Collins
Sharpe's Triumph	publisher	Harper Collins
Sharpe's Fortress	publisher	Harper Collins
The Garden of Unearthly Delights	publisher	Doubleday
The Stories of Ray Bradbury	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Summer Games II	publisher	Commodore Gaming
WWF WrestleMania: The Arcade Game	publisher	Midway, Acclaim Entertainment
Sharpe's Eagle	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The American	publisher	James R. Osgood and Company
The American	publisher	Boston
Sharpe's Rifles	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Sharpe's Trafalgar	publisher	Harper Collins
Sharpe's Prey	publisher	Harper Collins
The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Witches of Chiswick	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Kohan: Immortal Sovereigns	publisher	Strategy First
Point of Impact	publisher	Bantam Dell
Pale Horse Coming	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Pendulum	publisher	Chaos! Comics
Tara Road	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
Dancing Stage Fusion	publisher	Konami
Dancing Stage Max	publisher	Konami
Space Panic	publisher	Universal Entertainment Corporation
Washington Square	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Washington Square	publisher	New York City
Lost Kingdoms II	publisher	Activision
Blue Ice	publisher	Psygnosis
Well-Schooled in Murder	publisher	Bantam Books
A Little Tour in France	publisher	James R. Osgood and Company, Boston
Starship Operators	publisher	MediaWorks
Starship Operators	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Peter and the Starcatchers	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Lungbarrow	publisher	Virgin Books
WWF Betrayal	publisher	THQ
Stars and S.T.R.I.P.E.	publisher	DC Comics
Rail Magazine	publisher	Bauer Media Group
Wonder Boy in Monster World	publisher	Sega
Ramona the Pest	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Itsudatte My Santa!	publisher	Kodansha
Seicross	publisher	Nihon Bussan
Fist of the Blue Sky	publisher	Shinchosha
Under the Skin	publisher	Capcom
Lucy Crown	publisher	Random House
The Princess Casamassima	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Princess Casamassima	publisher	London
Lost Laysen	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Bostonians	publisher	Macmillan and Co., London
First to Fight	publisher	Del Rey Books
Reefer Madness	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Reefer Madness	publisher	Mariner Books
Blackstone Chronicles	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Leading Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Three to Get Deadly	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Two for the Dough	publisher	St. Martin's Press
One for the Money	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Into the Mouth of the Cat	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Crime Patrol	publisher	American Laser Games
The Tain	publisher	PS Publishing
Hellbender	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Star Diaries	publisher	Iskry
Cytron	publisher	Psygnosis
Tank	publisher	Kee Games
Batman versus Predator	publisher	DC Comics and Dark Horse Comics
The Second Scroll	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Ancestor Cell	publisher	BBC Books
Obasan	publisher	Lester & Orpen Dennys
Incendiary	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Black Dogs	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Realmz	publisher	Fantasoft
If Not Now, When%3F	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
If Not Now, When%3F	publisher	Summit Books
Eclipse Monthly	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Aliens	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Aliens	publisher	DC Comics
The Tragic Muse	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company, Boston
The Tragic Muse	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Tragic Muse	publisher	London
FireHawk	publisher	Camerica
The Mayne Inheritance	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Who Are We%3F The Challenges to America's National Identity	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Universal Baseball Association, Inc., J. Henry Waugh, Prop.	publisher	Random House
Comparative Technology Transfer and Society	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Careers	publisher	Winning Moves
Careers	publisher	Parker Brothers
Careers	publisher	Pressman Toy Corporation
Careers	publisher	Waddingtons
Hannah's Gift: Lessons from a Life Fully Lived	publisher	Bantam Press
The Disaster Area	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Shrouded Planet	publisher	Gnome Press
Gemini Knives	publisher	Gakken
The Spoils of Poynton	publisher	William Heinemann, London
The Spoils of Poynton	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company, Boston
Treasure Cove!	publisher	The Learning Company
Treasure Galaxy!	publisher	The Learning Company
War Rock	publisher	Nexon Europe
War Rock	publisher	UtoPlanet
War Rock	publisher	Massive Gaming
War Rock	publisher	Dream Execution
War Rock	publisher	GameNix
Art in America	publisher	Brant Publications
Tales of the Tempest	publisher	Namco Bandai
The Geography of Nowhere	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Arabella	publisher	Heinemann
The Grand Sophy	publisher	Heinemann
The Foundling	publisher	Heinemann
Sprig Muslin	publisher	Heinemann
Sylvester, or the Wicked Uncle	publisher	Heinemann
Bath Tangle	publisher	Heinemann
The Masqueraders	publisher	Heinemann
Beauvallet	publisher	Heinemann
Beauvallet	publisher	Longmans Green
Powder and Patch	publisher	Heinemann
The Dante Club	publisher	Random House
Slayers Royal	publisher	Entertainment Software Publishing
Chasing Dogma	publisher	Oni Press
Slayers	publisher	Banpresto
Major League Baseball Featuring Ken Griffey Jr.	publisher	Nintendo
Skinny Legs and All	publisher	Bantam Books
The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
The Dungeon Revealed	publisher	Woodrose Editions
Tintorettor Jishu	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Descent 3	publisher	Interplay Productions
Boot Hill	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Destiny's Road	publisher	Tor Science Fiction
SODA Off-Road Racing	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Heaven's Reach	publisher	Bantam Spectra
What Maisie Knew	publisher	Heinemann
What Maisie Knew	publisher	London
What Maisie Knew	publisher	Herbert S. Stone, Chicago
Star Trek: The Motion Picture	publisher	Pocket Books
Mission to Horatius	publisher	Western Publishing Company
Oolite	publisher	
Chesapeake	publisher	Random House
Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance	publisher	Nintendo
Paradise	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Low G Man: The Low Gravity Man	publisher	Taxan
The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent.	publisher	C. S. Van Winkle  , then in book form by Burlington Arcade , and John Murray
Ladder of Years	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Green Ray	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Chander Pahar	publisher	M. C. Sircar & Sons Limited , Orient Blackswan
The Negotiator	publisher	Bantam Press
HaJaBaRaLa	publisher	Nishtha at Lulu.com
Dangerous Seed	publisher	Namco
Spellbound	publisher	Mastertronic
Abol Tabol	publisher	U. Ray and Sons
Tornado Low Level	publisher	Vortex Software
In the Cage	publisher	Duckworth, London
In the Cage	publisher	Herbert S. Stone & Company, Chicago
Throne of Darkness	publisher	Sierra Studios
Changing Planes	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Orin Starn	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Fallen Angels	publisher	Psikyo
Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine	publisher	Ziff Davis Media
Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers 2	publisher	Capcom
Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction	publisher	Mercat Press
The Feast of All Saints	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gran Trak 10	publisher	Atari
Beyond This Place	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Beyond This Place	publisher	Little, Brown
Planet of Judgment	publisher	Bantam Books
Gridiron	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Gridiron	publisher	Warner Books
Sensible Train Spotting	publisher	Sensible Software
Amberstar	publisher	Thalion Software
Worms Blast	publisher	Ubisoft
Worms Blast	publisher	Feral Interactive
Marvel Super Heroes Adventure Game	publisher	TSR
V Jump	publisher	Shueisha
The Blue Sword	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Arming America	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Magnificent Ambersons	publisher	Doubleday, Page
A Tale of Two Cities	publisher	London: Chapman & Hall
Plain Truth	publisher	Washington Square Press
Winds of Change	publisher	DAW Books
JAMA Dermatology	publisher	American Medical Association
Adventure A	publisher	Artic Computing
JAMA Psychiatry	publisher	American Medical Association
JAMA Neurology	publisher	American Medical Association
JAMA Facial Plastic Surgery	publisher	American Medical Association
Jar City	publisher	Harvill Press
Jar City	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Jar City	publisher	Vintage Books
JAMA Surgery	publisher	American Medical Association
JAMA Pediatrics	publisher	American Medical Association
American Psychologist	publisher	American Psychological Association
Silence of the Grave	publisher	Harvill Press
Tulsa World	publisher	article 857c5c5d-2ee7-5bc7-8679-da3c7a4565ae.html
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Hacker Crackdown	publisher	Bantam Books
The Sacred Fount	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Sacred Fount	publisher	New York City
The Sacred Fount	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Sacred Fount	publisher	London
Thinner	publisher	New American Library
The Famished Road	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Peace Breaks Out	publisher	Bantam Books
Stages on Life's Way	publisher	Bianco Luno Press
B't X	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
B't X	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Being Digital	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
Vivekachudamani	publisher	Original: 8th century AD; Reprinted by Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Mumbai
Saucer Attack	publisher	Lotus Soft
Clerks.	publisher	Oni Press
Blazer	publisher	Namco
Sassinak	publisher	Baen Books
Drummer Hoff	publisher	Prentice-Hall
Crystal Singer	publisher	Severn House
Greg Hastings Tournament Paintball MAX'D	publisher	Activision
Sprint 2	publisher	Kee Games
S: A Journal of Law and Policy for the Information Society	publisher	Moritz College of Law and Heinz College
2150 AD	publisher	Warner Books
Journey	publisher	Bally Midway
The Ghost from the Grand Banks	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Ghost from the Grand Banks	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Elantris	publisher	Tor Books
Bomberman Online	publisher	Sega
The Goonies	publisher	Konami
StarPeace	publisher	Monte Cristo
StarPeace	publisher	Oceanus Communications
StarPeace	publisher	Sega
StarPeace	publisher	Pugland
StarPeace	publisher	SPO Team
The Jigsaw Man	publisher	Doubleday
Punisher Kills the Marvel Universe	publisher	Marvel Comics
The King of Fighters XI	publisher	Sega  / SNK Playmore
Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite	publisher	Aidan Ellis
Driver: Parallel Lines	publisher	Atari
Driver: Parallel Lines	publisher	Ubisoft
221B Baker Street	publisher	Datasoft
Endocrinology	publisher	The Endocrine Society
Alichino	publisher	Home-sha
Alichino	publisher	Shueisha
English Hours	publisher	William Heinemann, London
English Hours	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company, Boston
Linda Condon	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Badenheim 1939	publisher	David R. Godine
Following the Equator	publisher	American Publishing Company
Toy Commander	publisher	Sega
London Plan	publisher	Greater London Authority
Alamut series	publisher	Doubleday
Cocaine: An Unauthorized Biography	publisher	Diane Publishing Company
Comic Cavalcade	publisher	DC Comics
God in the Dock	publisher	Eerdmans
Guilty	publisher	Psygnosis
Creation	publisher	Random House
Hurricane Gold	publisher	Puffin Books
Universe	publisher	Core Design
Watch and Ward	publisher	Houghton, Osgood and Company, Boston
Confidence	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Confidence	publisher	Houghton, Osgood and Company
Dead or Alive	publisher	Tecmo
Splatterhouse 2	publisher	Namco
Samorost	publisher	Amanita Design
Kid Klown in Night Mayor World	publisher	Kemco
Nothing Lasts Forever	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Another Century's Episode 2	publisher	Banpresto
Another Century's Episode	publisher	Banpresto
Shamanic Princess	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Concluding Unscientific Postscript to Philosophical Fragments	publisher	University bookshop Reitzel, Copenhagen
Command & Conquer: The First Decade	publisher	Electronic Arts
Killobyte	publisher	Putnam Pub Group
Holidays on Ice	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
David Elginbrod	publisher	Hurst and Blackett
Straight and Crooked Thinking	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Project Nomads	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Project Nomads	publisher	Freeverse Software
Bruce Lee: Quest of the Dragon	publisher	Universal Interactive Inc.
Aunts Aren't Gentlemen	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Mike	publisher	A & C Black
Ludwig Kakumei	publisher	Hakusensha
Ludwig Kakumei	publisher	Hakusensha
Psmith in the City	publisher	A & C Black, London
Psmith, Journalist	publisher	A & C Black
Time Gate: Knight's Chase	publisher	Infogrames
Time Gate: Knight's Chase	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Star Spangled War Stories	publisher	DC Comics
The Mansion	publisher	Random House
Finders Keepers	publisher	Mastertronic
Tokumei Kakarichō Tadano Hitoshi	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tokumei Kakarichō Tadano Hitoshi	publisher	Bunkasha
Orientalism	publisher	Pantheon Books
Smarties: Meltdown	publisher	Europress
The Reverberator	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Reverberator	publisher	London
The Reverberator	publisher	New York City
Virtual Chess 64	publisher	Titus Software
The Other House	publisher	William Heinemann, London
The Other House	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Other House	publisher	New York City
F-15 Strike Eagle	publisher	MicroProse
Untold Legends: Dark Kingdom	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Hollywood	publisher	Black Sparrow Press
Behavioral and Brain Sciences	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Current Anthropology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Easy Riders, Raging Bulls	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Clovis Dardentor	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Parodius! From Myth to Laughter	publisher	Konami
Parodius: The Octopus Saves the Earth	publisher	Konami
Denver University Law Review	publisher	Sturm College of Law
Valkyrie Profile 2: Silmeria	publisher	Square Enix
Valkyrie Profile	publisher	PlayStation
Valkyrie Profile	publisher	Enix
Valkyrie Profile	publisher	PlayStation Portable
Valkyrie Profile	publisher	Square Enix
Bakutotsu Kijūtei	publisher	Namco
Psyche	publisher	Association for the Scientific Study of Consciousness
The Head of Kay's	publisher	A & C Black
The Head of Kay's	publisher	London
Love Among the Chickens	publisher	George Newnes
The Miracle of the Rose	publisher	Marc Barbezat - L'Arbalete , Grove Press
Spartacus International Gay Guide	publisher	Bruno Gmünder Verlag
Conversations in Sicily	publisher	Canongate Books
The Prince and Betty	publisher	Watt
The Prince and Betty	publisher	Mills & Boon
Land Beyond the Map	publisher	Ace Books
Epic Pinball	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Iranian Studies	publisher	Routledge
Young Love	publisher	Crestwood Publications
Young Love	publisher	DC Comics
The Economic Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Royal Economic Society
The Outcry	publisher	Methuen & Co., London
The Outcry	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons, New York City
Cycle of Nemesis	publisher	Ace Books
101 Dalmatians: Escape from DeVil Manor	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Rescue Raiders	publisher	Sir-Tech
Hot Wheels: Crash!	publisher	Mattel
Death and the Penguin	publisher	Vintage Books
Applied Physics Letters	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Teacher Man	publisher	Scribner
Sword of the Stars	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Sword of the Stars	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Iriya no Sora, UFO no Natsu	publisher	MediaWorks
Iriya no Sora, UFO no Natsu	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Parafaith War	publisher	Tor Books
Knight Tyme	publisher	Mastertronic
Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ash	publisher	Event Comics
The Ivory Tower	publisher	William Collins
The Ivory Tower	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Riceyman Steps	publisher	Cassell and Company Ltd
The Sense of the Past	publisher	W. Collins Sons & Co., London
The Sense of the Past	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Sense of the Past	publisher	New York City
MotoGP '06	publisher	THQ
Date with Debbi	publisher	DC Comics
Our Fighting Forces	publisher	DC Comics
Galicia Hoxe	publisher	Grupo Correo Gallego
Age of Sail	publisher	TalonSoft
A Nosa Terra	publisher	Promocións Culturais Galegas
Raw Deal	publisher	Comic Images
Hive	publisher	Gen Four Two Games
Bellefleur	publisher	E.P. Dutton
Touched with Fire	publisher	Free Press
Elektra: Assassin	publisher	Epic Comics
Age of Sail II	publisher	TalonSoft
Ship of Fools	publisher	Ace Books, later Orbit Books under the name Unto Leviathan
Our Cancer Year	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
The Swoop!	publisher	Alston Rivers
A Gentleman of Leisure	publisher	W.J. Watt and Co.
Introduction to Algorithms	publisher	MIT Press
Space Eggs	publisher	Sirius Software
The Little Nugget	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Little Nugget	publisher	Watt
Bing Bing! Bingo	publisher	KSS
Caveman Ughlympics	publisher	Electronic Arts
Caveman Ughlympics	publisher	Data East USA
Europe	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Piccadilly Jim	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company US,
Piccadilly Jim	publisher	Herbert Jenkins, UK
Deathtrack	publisher	Activision
Wu-Tang: Shaolin Style	publisher	Activision
Wu-Tang: Shaolin Style	publisher	Success
Violin	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cages	publisher	Tundra Publishing
Cages	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Aliens	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Rebelstar: Tactical Command	publisher	Namco
Journal of the American Mathematical Society	publisher	American Mathematical Society
Action Girl Comics	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
American Freak	publisher	Vertigo
Mrs. Kimble	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Lorax	publisher	Random House
In the Heart of the Sea	publisher	Viking Press
Invasion!	publisher	2000
Brazilian Adventure	publisher	Alden Press
Meyebela, My Bengali Girlhood	publisher	Steerforth
Street Fighter II	publisher	Tokuma Shoten Intermedia
Italian Hours	publisher	William Heinemann, London
Italian Hours	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston
Dutch Birding	publisher	Dutch Birding Association
To Outrun Doomsday	publisher	Ace Books
Super Bomberman 2	publisher	Hudson Soft
Amy Unbounded	publisher	Pughouse Press
Caylus	publisher	Ẏstari Games
Caylus	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Avengers Infinity	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fantastic Parodius - Pursue the Glory of the Past	publisher	Konami
Barbie Horse Adventures: Wild Horse Rescue	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Pac-Man World Rally	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Hound of Death	publisher	Odhams Press
The Big Bounce	publisher	Fawcett Gold Medal
Tales of the Bounty Hunters	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Tales from the New Republic	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Tales from Jabba's Palace	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Old Boy	publisher	Futabasha
Star Wars Miniatures	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Fantasy Imperium	publisher	Shadowstar Games, Inc.
Transit to Scorpio	publisher	DAW Books
Jinki: Extend	publisher	Mag Garden
Jinki: Extend	publisher	MediaWorks
Balthasar's Odyssey	publisher	éditions Grasset
Suikoden V	publisher	Konami
Pocket Tennis Color	publisher	SNK Playmore
Atlas	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Adventures of Captain America	publisher	Marvel Comics
Robot Visions	publisher	Roc Books
Breathtaker	publisher	DC Comics
Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children	publisher	DC Comics under the Piranha Press imprint
Savage Henry	publisher	Rip Off Press
Berlin	publisher	Black Eye Productions
Berlin	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Baker Street	publisher	Caliber Comics
Bill & Ted's Excellent Comic Book	publisher	Marvel Comics
French Poets and Novelists	publisher	Macmillan and Co., London
Hawthorne	publisher	Macmillan and Co., London
Hawthorne	publisher	Harper & Brothers, New York City
Dirty Pair Flash	publisher	MediaWorks
PopCo	publisher	Harper Perennial
Gene Wolfe's Book of Days	publisher	Doubleday Books
The Lighthouse	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Fifth Head of Cerberus	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Metal Dungeon	publisher	Xicat Interactive
The Bureau: XCOM Declassified	publisher	2
Monuments of Mars	publisher	3D Realms
Acta Apostolicae Sedis	publisher	Vatican City
The Outsider	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Outsider	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
DisneyWar	publisher	Simon & Schuster
RPG Maker 95	publisher	ASCII Corporation
RPG Maker 95	publisher	Enterbrain Inc.
Mutant Chronicles	publisher	Target Games
Warzone	publisher	Target Games
Partial Portraits	publisher	Macmillan and Co., London
Essays in London and Elsewhere	publisher	James R. Osgood, McIlvane & Co., London
Essays in London and Elsewhere	publisher	Harper & Brothers, New York City
Atlantis: The Lost Tales	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Carols for Choirs	publisher	Oxford University Press
Street Sheet	publisher	Coalition on Homelessness
Fire Emblem: Thracia 776	publisher	Nintendo
Knives in the Night	publisher	Ivy Books
Critique: Journal of Socialist Theory	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Centre for the Study of Socialist Theory and Movements
The Daughter of Time	publisher	Peter Llewelyn Davies
Mystic Heroes	publisher	Koei
Crocodile on the Sandbank	publisher	Dodd, Mead
The Adventures of Alyx	publisher	Gregg Press
Notes on Novelists	publisher	J.M. Dent & Sons Ltd., London
Notes on Novelists	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons, New York City
A Summer Place	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Fired Up	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Out of the Fire	publisher	Ballantine Books
Main Force Assault	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Rock and a Hard Place	publisher	Ballantine Books
Charlie Don't Live Here Anymore	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Nghu Night Falls	publisher	Ballantine Books
Flashfire	publisher	Del Rey Books
Beggarman, Thief	publisher	Delacorte Press
Steel Gauntlet	publisher	Del Rey Books
School of Fire	publisher	Del Rey Books
Blood Contact	publisher	Del Rey Books
Hangfire	publisher	Del Rey Books
Kingdom's Fury	publisher	Del Rey Books
TechnoKill	publisher	Del Rey Books
Kingdom's Swords	publisher	Del Rey Books
Lazarus Rising	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Wars: The Last of the Jedi	publisher	Scholastic Press
There I Was: The War of Corporal Henry J Morris, USMC	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Squad	publisher	Ivy Book
Jedi Trial	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Nation	publisher	Nawa-i-Waqt Group of Publications
Shark! Shark!	publisher	Mattel
British Open Championship Golf	publisher	Looking Glass Technologies
Buzz!: The Music Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Blood: A Tale	publisher	Epic Comics
Blood: A Tale	publisher	Vertigo
Animal Crossing: City Folk	publisher	Nintendo
FIFA Street 2	publisher	EA Sports
Commandos 2: Men of Courage	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Commandos 2: Men of Courage	publisher	Feral Interactive
Shout	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Notes of a Son and Brother	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Notes of a Son and Brother	publisher	New York City
Notes of a Son and Brother	publisher	Macmillan and Co.
Notes of a Son and Brother	publisher	London
The Middle Years	publisher	Collins UK
The Middle Years	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Dot and Tot of Merryland	publisher	George M. Hill Company
Batman: Shadow of the Bat	publisher	DC Comics
Idiots in the Machine	publisher	Babelfish Press
Science of Survival	publisher	Hubbard Dianetic Foundation
Challenger	publisher	Hudson Soft
ASH: Archaic Sealed Heat	publisher	Nintendo
Reactor	publisher	Gottlieb
Tokyo Underground	publisher	Enix
Wake	publisher	Delcourt
Wake	publisher	NBM Publishing
Pillar of Fire	publisher	Forge
Astroball	publisher	SAM Coupé
Two Lives	publisher	Little, Brown
Outpost Kaloki X	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Studies in Classic American Literature	publisher	Thomas Seltzer
Scottish Journal of Theology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Warhammer 40,000: Rites of War	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
X-Men: Deadly Genesis	publisher	Marvel Comics
Metalzoic	publisher	DC Comics
Tales from the Heart	publisher	Entropy
Tales from the Heart	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
BLAB!	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
BLAB!	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
International Security	publisher	MIT Press for the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs
Brooklyn Dreams	publisher	DC Comics
ESPN NFL 2K5	publisher	SEGA
Castles II: Siege and Conquest	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Konami Wai Wai World	publisher	Konami
Breed	publisher	Bravura  Image Comics
Wai Wai World 2: SOS!! Parsley Jō	publisher	Konami
Theatricals: Second Series	publisher	Osgood, McIlvane & Co., London
Theatricals	publisher	Osgood, McIlvane & Co., London
Target: Renegade	publisher	Imagine Software
The Red Tent	publisher	A Wyatt Book for St. Martin's Press
Mall Tycoon	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Mall Tycoon	publisher	Global Star Software
The Leap	publisher	Corgi
Buried Fire	publisher	Corgi , Hyperion/Miramax
Tooth and Claw	publisher	Tor Books
UFO Baby	publisher	Kodansha
NFL	publisher	LJN
Snoopy's Silly Sports Spectacular	publisher	Kemco
The Gatekeeper	publisher	Pocket Books
The Orchid Thief	publisher	Random House
AmoebArena	publisher	Casady & Greene
Eerie Queerie!	publisher	Shinshokan
Mother	publisher	Nintendo
Suikoden Tactics	publisher	Konami
For Want of a Nail	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Desert Coral	publisher	Mag Garden
Worlds	publisher	Baen Books
Heart of Africa	publisher	Electronic Arts
Science & Justice	publisher	Elsevier
KOF: Maximum Impact 2	publisher	SNK Playmore
KOF: Maximum Impact 2	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Lisey's Story	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Garou: Mark of the Wolves	publisher	SNK
Cell	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
An Essay on the Principle of Population	publisher	J. Johnson, London
Ah My Buddha	publisher	Wani Books
801 T.T.S. Airbats	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
801 T.T.S. Airbats	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency	publisher	Birlinn
Arion	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Agatha Christie's Great Detectives Poirot and Marple	publisher	NHK Publishing
From Nine to Nine	publisher	Various newspapers ; The Viking Press; Ariadne Press
Palamedes	publisher	Arcade:
Palamedes	publisher	Taito\nHome versions:
Palamedes	publisher	Hot-B
History of the DC Universe	publisher	DC Comics
Jihad: The Trail of Political Islam	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Jihad: The Trail of Political Islam	publisher	Belknap Press
The Watch That Ends the Night	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
Genso Suikoden I & II	publisher	Konami
How to Make Love Like a Porn Star	publisher	ReganBooks
Only the Ring Finger Knows	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Shadowrun	publisher	Sega
Spud	publisher	Penguin Books
William Wetmore Story and His Friends	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons
William Wetmore Story and His Friends	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
John Henry	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Picture and Text	publisher	Harper and Brothers, New York City
2020 Visions	publisher	Vertigo
The Honorary Consul	publisher	Bodley Head
Joseph Smith: Rough Stone Rolling	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers	publisher	Pacific Comics
Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers	publisher	Topps Comics
Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers	publisher	Icon Comics
Stop the Express	publisher	Sinclair Research Ltd
Might and Magic IX	publisher	The 3DO Company
Mormon Enigma	publisher	Doubleday
Journal of Research in Music Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
We Were the Mulvaneys	publisher	Dutton Penguin
We Were the Mulvaneys	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
I Know This Much Is True	publisher	HarperCollins
A ZBC of Ezra Pound	publisher	Faber and Faber
King Kong 2: Ikari no Megaton Punch	publisher	Konami
Ape Escape 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Guru Guru Pon-chan	publisher	Kodansha
AARGH	publisher	Mad Love
Clock Tower 3	publisher	Capcom
Then Again, Maybe I Won't	publisher	Bradbury Press
The Black Flame	publisher	Church of Satan
Tomb Raider: Legend	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Notes of a Native Son	publisher	Beacon Press
Cannery Row	publisher	Viking Press
Imperialism	publisher	Strategic Simulations
MediEvil 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Occult: A History	publisher	Random House
Wiz-War	publisher	Jolly Games
Wiz-War	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
DC Heroes	publisher	Mayfair Games
Patrician III: Rise of the Hanse	publisher	Encore, Inc.
World of Warcraft: The Board Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Imperialism II: Age of Exploration	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Valiant	publisher	IPC Media
Crusader: No Regret	publisher	Electronic Arts
Seedling	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Summer Heat Beach Volleyball	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Guard of Honor	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Twisted Tales	publisher	Pacific Comics and Eclipse Comics
Garden of Kama	publisher	Garden City Publishing Company, Inc.
Book History	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Growlanser II: The Sense of Justice	publisher	Atlus
All the Names	publisher	Caminho
Starshatter	publisher	Matrix Games
Concrete Mathematics	publisher	Addison–Wesley
Flying Dragon	publisher	Culture Brain
Flying Dragon	publisher	Natsume
Flying Dragon	publisher	Culture Brain
Leading Company	publisher	Koei
Motoko-chan no Wonder Kitchen	publisher	Ajinomoto
Alien Worlds	publisher	Pacific Comics and Eclipse Comics
CyberRace	publisher	Cyberdreams
Dark Seed II	publisher	Cyberdreams
Dark Seed II	publisher	Bandai Visual
Dark Seed II	publisher	B-Factory
The Privileged Planet	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Dragonflame	publisher	Voyager Books
Dragonstorm	publisher	Voyager Books
Stone and Sky	publisher	Voyager Books
Stone and Sea	publisher	Voyager Books
Stone and Sun	publisher	Voyager Books
Black Alice	publisher	Doubleday
Jetpack	publisher	Software Creations
The Lives of Christopher Chant	publisher	Methuen Publishing
A New Alice in the Old Wonderland	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Like Water for Chocolate	publisher	Doubleday, 1992
Like Water for Chocolate	publisher	Perfection Learning, 1995
Tiny Toon Adventures: Babs' Big Break	publisher	Konami
Tiny Toon Adventures: Wacky Sports Challenge	publisher	Konami
Tiny Toon Adventures 2: Montana's Movie Madness	publisher	Konami
Fast Food Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value Publishing
Corporation	publisher	Core Design
Greyspace	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Mercs	publisher	Capcom
Mercs	publisher	Sega
Tiny Toon Adventures: Buster's Hidden Treasure	publisher	Konami
Tiny Toon Adventures: ACME All-Stars	publisher	Konami
Champion Baseball	publisher	SEGA
Police Quest: Open Season	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Police Quest: SWAT 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3: Mutant Nightmare	publisher	Konami
Stifflip & Co.	publisher	Palace Software
Rainbows End	publisher	Tor Books
Jack's Return Home	publisher	Michael Joseph
Nethergate	publisher	Spiderweb Software
Muzzle Velocity	publisher	Digi4fun
Tiny Toon Adventures: Buster Saves the Day	publisher	Conspiracy Games
Angel novel)	publisher	Pocket Books
Spike and Dru: Pretty Maids All in a Row	publisher	Pocket Books
Seven Crows	publisher	Pocket Books
Angel novel)	publisher	Pocket Books
Angel novel)	publisher	Pocket Books
Tiny Toon Adventures: Buster and the Beanstalk	publisher	Terraglyph Interactive Studios
Time's Arrow, Time's Cycle	publisher	Harvard University Press
Ring of Fire	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Halloween Rain	publisher	Pocket Books
Night of the Living Rerun	publisher	Pocket Books
How I Survived My Summer Vacation	publisher	Pocket Books
Coyote Moon	publisher	Pocket Books
Blooded	publisher	Pocket Books
Child of the Hunt	publisher	Pocket Books
Cool World	publisher	Ocean Software
Immortal	publisher	Pocket Books
Doomsday Deck	publisher	Pocket Books
Revenant	publisher	Pocket Books
Prime Evil	publisher	Pocket Books
Tiny Toon Adventures: Wacky Stackers	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Visitors	publisher	Pocket Books
Resurrecting Ravana	publisher	Pocket Books
The Evil That Men Do	publisher	Pocket Books
Obsidian Fate	publisher	Pocket Books
Unnatural Selection	publisher	Pocket Books
Tiny Toon Adventures: Dizzy's Candy Quest	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Return to Chaos	publisher	Pocket Books
Power of Persuasion	publisher	Pocket Books
Paleo	publisher	Pocket Books
Sins of the Father	publisher	Pocket Books
Tiny Toon Adventures: Toonenstein	publisher	Vatical Entertainment
Tiny Toon Adventures: Toonenstein	publisher	Swing! Deutschland
Here Be Monsters	publisher	Pocket Books
Deep Water	publisher	Pocket Books
The Book of Fours	publisher	Pocket Books
Crossings	publisher	Pocket Books
Sweet Sixteen	publisher	Pocket Books
Tempted Champions	publisher	Pocket Books
Little Things	publisher	Pocket Books
These Our Actors	publisher	Pocket Books
Oz: Into the Wild	publisher	Pocket Books
The Lost Slayer	publisher	Pocket Books
Wisdom of War	publisher	Pocket Books
Apocalypse Memories	publisher	Pocket Books
Mortal Fear	publisher	Pocket Books
Fushigiboshi no Futagohime	publisher	Shogakukan
Tiny Toon Adventures: The Great Beanstalk	publisher	NewKidCo
The Man of Feeling	publisher	T. Cadell
Non-Stop	publisher	Faber and Faber
Amaurote	publisher	Mastertronic
The Starlight Barking	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd.
The Penultimate Truth	publisher	Belmont Books
A Virtuous Woman	publisher	Workman Publishing
Tetris: The Grand Master	publisher	Capcom
Tetris: The Grand Master	publisher	Psikyo
Tetris: The Grand Master	publisher	Taito Corporation
Tetris: The Grand Master	publisher	AQ Interactive
Haikara-san ga Tōru	publisher	Kodansha
Songs in Ordinary Time	publisher	Allen Lane
The Rapture of Canaan	publisher	Diane Pub
Stones from the River	publisher	Poseidon Press
She's Come Undone	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Where the Heart Is	publisher	Sceptre
Midwives	publisher	Harmony Books
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day	publisher	Avon
Here on Earth	publisher	Chatto and Windus
A Map of the World	publisher	Doubleday
River, Cross My Heart	publisher	Little, Brown
Vinegar Hill	publisher	Viking Press
Mother of Pearl	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Pilot's Wife	publisher	Little, Brown
Jewel	publisher	Pocket Books
Drowning Ruth	publisher	Doubleday
While I Was Gone	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Back Roads	publisher	Viking Press
Back Roads	publisher	Allen Lane
Daughter of Fortune	publisher	Plaza & Janés
Gap Creek	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill
Icy Sparks	publisher	Viking Press
Icy Sparks	publisher	Penguin Books
Incredible Science Fiction	publisher	EC Comics
The Witching Hour	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Perfect Cherry Blossom	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Imperishable Night	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
A Wind Named Amnesia	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Cauldron	publisher	Palace Software
Avalon High	publisher	HarperCollins
The Aquariums of Pyongyang	publisher	Perseus Books Group
The Train to Lo Wu	publisher	Dell Publishing
Yakuza	publisher	Sega
¡Que viva la música!	publisher	Penguin Books
The Hounds of the Morrigan	publisher	Oxford University Press
Testament	publisher	Vertigo
Fiendish Freddy's Big Top O'Fun	publisher	Mindscape
Pac & Pal	publisher	Namco
Grobda	publisher	Namco
Phelios	publisher	Namco
Phozon	publisher	Namco
Baki the Grappler	publisher	Akita Shoten
Moab Is My Washpot	publisher	Random House
Starzinger	publisher	Wonder Comix
Muka Muka Paradise	publisher	Shogakukan
Violence Jack	publisher	Kodansha
Violence Jack	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
Violence Jack	publisher	Shogakukan
Violence Jack	publisher	ebookjapan
Violence Jack	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Violence Jack	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Violence Jack	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Violence Jack	publisher	Shueisha
Violence Jack	publisher	Shinchosha
Mandela: The Authorised Biography	publisher	HarperCollins
The Diary of a Chambermaid	publisher	Fasquelle
Blackwater	publisher	HarperCollins
Capitalism II	publisher	Ubisoft
The Death of Kings	publisher	HarperCollins
Alamut	publisher	Scala House Press
SNK Gals' Fighters	publisher	SNK Playmore
Glas	publisher	1974
Glas	publisher	1986
So You Want to Be a Wizard	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Sandman Midnight Theatre	publisher	Vertigo
RTX Red Rock	publisher	LucasArts
Superman: The Man of Steel	publisher	DC Comics
God of Thunder	publisher	Software Creations
Shakotan Boogie	publisher	Kodansha
The Monks of Thelema	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Night Manager	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Woman of the Iron People	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Batman	publisher	DC Comics
Shonen Magz	publisher	Elex Media Komputindo
Kiteretsu Daihyakka	publisher	Central Union of Agricultural Cooperatives
Kiteretsu Daihyakka	publisher	Shogakukan
Mario Golf	publisher	Nintendo
Masque of the Red Death	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Masque of the Red Death	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Brave Story	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Brave Story	publisher	Shinchosha
American Journal of Botany	publisher	Botanical Society of America
Plant Physiology	publisher	American Society of Plant Biologists
Cell	publisher	Cell Press
X-Men Unlimited	publisher	Marvel Comics
Kyo Kara Maoh!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Plant Cell	publisher	American Society of Plant Biologists
Off on a Comet	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Uneasy Money	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Spirit of Excalibur	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Coming of Bill	publisher	US: Boni & Liveright
The Coming of Bill	publisher	UK: Herbert Jenkins Ltd
The Kents	publisher	DC Comics
Red Rocket 7	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Leave It to Chance	publisher	DC Comics
Leave It to Chance	publisher	Image Comics
Nevada	publisher	Vertigo
RoadBlasters	publisher	Atari Games, U.S. Gold
Stormbringer	publisher	Mastertronic
Superman: The Man of Tomorrow	publisher	DC Comics
Captain Confederacy	publisher	SteelDragon Press
Captain Confederacy	publisher	Epic Comics
Super Godzilla	publisher	Toho
Sensation Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Chobits	publisher	Kodansha
Thrilling Comics	publisher	Nedor Comics
Star-Spangled Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Deja Vu II: Lost in Las Vegas	publisher	Mindscape
Space Hulk: Vengeance of the Blood Angels	publisher	Electronic Arts
Smartbomb: The Quest for Art, Entertainment, and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution	publisher	Algonquin Books
Fanboy	publisher	DC Comics
Scene of the Crime	publisher	Vertigo
Whiteout: Melt	publisher	Oni Press
Anti-Semite and Jew	publisher	Editions Morihien
Saint Seiya Episode.G	publisher	Akita Shoten
Saint Seiya Episode.G	publisher	Akita Shoten
Bleach: The Blade of Fate	publisher	Sega
Bleach: The Blade of Fate	publisher	Viz Media
Bleach: The Blade of Fate	publisher	Shonen Jump
Superman Returns	publisher	Electronic Arts
Football Manager 2005	publisher	Sega
Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming	publisher	MIT Press
Hopping Mappy	publisher	Namco
Marvel vs. Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes	publisher	* Capcom\n*
Marvel vs. Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Marvel vs. Capcom 2: New Age of Heroes	publisher	Capcom
Marvel vs. Capcom 2: New Age of Heroes	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Indian Journal of Law and Technology	publisher	Student Bar Association, National Law School of India University
Vengeance of Excalibur	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Xtreme Racing	publisher	Black Magic Software
Marvel: The Lost Generation	publisher	Marvel Comics
Jenny Sparks: The Secret History of the Authority	publisher	Wildstorm
Stark	publisher	Sphere Books
S,M,L,XL	publisher	Monacelli Press
Biochemical Journal	publisher	Portland Press
ID	publisher	CRL Group PLC
Dračí doupě	publisher	ALTAR
Catch the Lightning	publisher	Tor Books
Spherical Harmonic	publisher	Tor Books
The Lion, the Fox & the Eagle	publisher	Random House
God's Bits of Wood	publisher	Le Livre Contemporain
Green Henry	publisher	Vieweg Verlag  and Verlag Göschen
Joe & Mac	publisher	Data East
Joe & Mac	publisher	Takara
Joe & Mac	publisher	New World Computing
Joe & Mac	publisher	Elite Systems
Go! Go! Hypergrind	publisher	Atlus
Killing Yourself to Live: 85%25 of a True Story	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Labyrinth	publisher	Orion
The Deviant Strain	publisher	BBC Books
Only Human	publisher	BBC Books
Rival Schools: United by Fate	publisher	Capcom
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	Microsoft Windows & Mac OS
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	PlayStation
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	Game Boy Advance
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	Palm OS & Windows Mobile
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars	publisher	Astraware
The World of the Dark Crystal	publisher	Alfred A Knopf, Inc
The World of the Dark Crystal	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc
The World of the Dark Crystal	publisher	Pavilion Books
Puyo Puyo SUN	publisher	Compile
Puyo Puyo SUN	publisher	Sega
The Rebel Sell	publisher	Capstone
Blagger	publisher	Alligata
Blagger	publisher	Amsoft
Asylum	publisher	Med Systems
Silent Hill	publisher	Konami
Silent Hill 3	publisher	Konami
Silent Hill 4: The Room	publisher	Konami
DinoCity	publisher	Irem
Panic Restaurant	publisher	Taito Corporation
Eureka	publisher	The Archimedeans
Capital City Weekly	publisher	Rustan Burton
NHL 06	publisher	EA Sports
Ultimate Ghosts 'n Goblins	publisher	Capcom
A Salty Piece of Land	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Not Quite Dead	publisher	Flag
Not Quite Dead	publisher	Rip Off Press
Battles of Prince of Persia	publisher	Ubisoft
State of Emergency 2	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Building Harlequin's Moon	publisher	Tom Doherty Associates
Dragon Ball GT: Transformation	publisher	Atari
Sunless Sea	publisher	Failbetter Games
Superman: Secret Identity	publisher	DC Comics
Power of Three	publisher	Macmillan
Record Collector	publisher	Metropolis International
SOS	publisher	Namco
Go! Go! Ackman	publisher	Shueisha
Half-Life 2: Survivor	publisher	Taito Corporation
Eat This Book	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dragon Saber	publisher	Namco
Damn Nation	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Rifts Chaos Earth	publisher	Palladium Books
Traces	publisher	HarperCollins
Beggar Prince	publisher	C&E Inc.
Beggar Prince	publisher	Super Fighter Team
Thirsty	publisher	Candlewick Press
Skylark Three	publisher	Fantasy Press
Dragon Ball: Advanced Adventure	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Dragon Ball: Advanced Adventure	publisher	Atari
Mystery Circle	publisher	K Amusement Leasing
Pirates of Venus	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
The Wizard of Venus	publisher	Ace Books
Lost on Venus	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Escape on Venus	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Dallas Quest	publisher	Datasoft
The Stars' Tennis Balls	publisher	Hutchinson
Spark and Burn	publisher	Pocket Books
Queen of the Slayers	publisher	Pocket Books
Wicked Willow	publisher	Pocket Books
Keep Me in Mind	publisher	Pocket Books
The Suicide King	publisher	Pocket Books
Angel novel)	publisher	Pocket Books
Hexic	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Dark Lord of Derkholm	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Dark Lord of Derkholm	publisher	William Morrow
Deep Wizardry	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
High Wizardry	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Balderdash and Piffle	publisher	BBC Books
Balderdash and Piffle	publisher	BBC Books
Nextwave	publisher	Marvel Comics
McTeague	publisher	Doubleday & McClure
Kingdom O' Magic	publisher	SCi
The Princess Bride	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Re-Volt	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Re-Volt	publisher	Acclaim Japan
Re-Volt	publisher	Taito
Re-Volt	publisher	Big Bit Ltd
Re-Volt	publisher	WeGo Interactive Co., Ltd
A Wizard Abroad	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Skyfall	publisher	Tor Books
Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl	publisher	MediaWorks
Schism	publisher	Tor Science Fiction
Battle Beast	publisher	BMG Interactive
Repton	publisher	Sirius Software
The Green House	publisher	Seix Barral
Baby Boomer	publisher	Color Dreams
Cool World	publisher	Ocean
Psychological Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
Fu-un Shinsengumi	publisher	Konami
Fu-un Shinsengumi	publisher	From Software
Massachusetts Spy	publisher	Isaiah Thomas
Understanding Consciousness	publisher	Routledge
Rad Mobile	publisher	Sega
X-COM: Interceptor	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
The Pawns of Null-A	publisher	Ace Books
Null-A Three	publisher	Sphere Books
Language in Thought and Action	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Dogs of War	publisher	Hutchinson
The Dogs of War	publisher	Viking Press
Think	publisher	Threshold Editions
The World's Most Dangerous Places	publisher	HarperResource
The Wizard's Dilemma	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Wizard's Holiday	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
A Wizard Alone	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Guild of Thieves	publisher	Rainbird Software
Field Combat	publisher	Jaleco
TM Network: Live in Power Bowl	publisher	Sony Music Entertainment Japan
Vegas Connection: Casino Kara Ai wo Komete	publisher	Sigma Entertainment
Spartan X 2	publisher	Irem
Zombi	publisher	Ubisoft
Knights of the Round	publisher	Capcom
Cyber Troopers Virtual-On: Operation Moongate	publisher	Sega
Cyber Troopers Virtual-On Oratorio Tangram	publisher	Sega
Cyber Troopers Virtual-On Oratorio Tangram	publisher	Activision
Cyber Troopers Virtual-On Force	publisher	Sega
Cyber Troopers Virtual-On Marz	publisher	Sega
Derby Owners Club	publisher	Sega
Tetris DS	publisher	Nintendo
Neues Deutschland	publisher	Lothar Bisky
Magikano	publisher	Kodansha
Uncle Tom's Children	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Chill	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Chaos Overlords	publisher	New World Computing
Street Fighter III: 2nd Impact	publisher	Capcom
Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike	publisher	Capcom
Donald Land	publisher	Data East
Nowhere Man: The Final Days of John Lennon	publisher	Quick American Archives, Soft Skull Press
Sharpe's Gold	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Mr. Monk and the Dirty Cop	publisher	Signet Books
The Ashram	publisher	Iuniverse Inc
Phantasy Star Online Episode III: C.A.R.D. Revolution	publisher	Sega
SD F-1 Grand Prix	publisher	Video System
Avenger	publisher	Bantam Books
The Grass Harp	publisher	Random House
The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig	publisher	Heinemann
R: Racing Evolution	publisher	Namco
Hotel Mario	publisher	Philips
Fire Emblem: The Binding Blade	publisher	Nintendo
Bill & Ted's Excellent Game Boy Adventure: A Bogus Journey!	publisher	LJN
Great Greed	publisher	Namco
Ranarama	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Ken Griffey Jr. Presents Major League Baseball	publisher	Nintendo
Brix	publisher	MicroLeague Interactive Software
Maken X	publisher	Sega
Maken X	publisher	Kodansha
Stanley: The Search for Dr. Livingston	publisher	Electro Brain
Gizmos & Gadgets!	publisher	The Learning Company
Where's Waldo%3F	publisher	THQ
Norstrilia	publisher	Ballantine Books
Only Revolutions	publisher	Pantheon Books
Kalin no Tsurugi	publisher	Square Co., Ltd.
Legend	publisher	Seika Corporation, Sony Imagesoft
The Sensuous Woman	publisher	Lyle Stuart
Sharpe's Battle	publisher	HarperCollins
The King's Fifth	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu: The Whisperer in Darkness	publisher	Millennium Publications
Requiem for a Nun	publisher	Random House
DJ Boy	publisher	Kaneko
DJ Boy	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Pipe Mania	publisher	LucasArts
Pipe Mania	publisher	Empire Interactive
Pipe Mania	publisher	Video System
Sega Rally 2006	publisher	Sega
Mega Man Powered Up	publisher	Capcom
Tunes for Bears to Dance To	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Gates of Rome	publisher	HarperCollins
Mega Man ZX	publisher	Capcom
Journal of Libertarian Studies	publisher	Center for Libertarian Studies
Journal of Libertarian Studies	publisher	Ludwig von Mises Institute
The Gods of War	publisher	HarperCollins
Train to Pakistan	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Fire Emblem: Mystery of the Emblem	publisher	Nintendo
Kurogane Communication	publisher	MediaWorks
Carnival	publisher	Grove Press
Blessed Is the Fruit	publisher	Henry Holt
Panel Action Bingo	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
Empire Earth: The Art of Conquest	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Faraday Discussions	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Mr. Monk Goes to Hawaii	publisher	Signet Books
The Scarlatti Inheritance	publisher	World Publishing Company
Hidden & Dangerous 2	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Hidden & Dangerous 2	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Hidden & Dangerous 2	publisher	Global Star Software
Lincoln: A Photobiography	publisher	Clarion Books
ThinkTanks	publisher	GarageGames
Dun Darach	publisher	Gargoyle Games
Journal of the Chemical Society, Faraday Transactions	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
World Soccer	publisher	IPC Media
World Soccer	publisher	Time Inc.
Pax Imperia: Eminent Domain	publisher	Atari
Pax Imperia: Eminent Domain	publisher	THQ
Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Dust: A Tale of the Wired West	publisher	GTE Entertainment
The Way West	publisher	William Sloane Associates
HyperZone	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Chemical Society Reviews	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Blood and Fog	publisher	Pocket Books
After Image	publisher	Pocket Books
Carnival of Souls	publisher	Pocket Books
Colony	publisher	Pocket Books
Barbie: Game Girl	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Perkin Transactions	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Dalton Transactions	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Organic and Biomolecular Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Night Train	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Second Stage Turbine Blade	publisher	Evil Ink Comics
The Second Stage Turbine Blade	publisher	Image Comics
Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness	publisher	Evil Ink Comics
Neo Gōmanism Manifesto Special – On War	publisher	Gentosha
Blackout	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Nether Earth	publisher	Argus Press Software
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Dying Days	publisher	Virgin Books
Hit the Ice	publisher	Taito Corporation
Hit the Ice	publisher	WMS Industries
Holy War, Inc.	publisher	Free Press
The Lion of Comarre and Against the Fall of Night	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Divina Trace	publisher	Robin Clark
Red Prowling Devil	publisher	Shōnen Gahousha
Big Trouble	publisher	Putnam
Navy SEALS	publisher	Ocean Software
Special Criminal Investigation	publisher	Taito Corporation
Absolute OpenBSD	publisher	No Starch Press
Badlands	publisher	Atari Games
Green Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
The Thing!	publisher	Charlton Comics
Super Bowling	publisher	Athena
Super Bowling	publisher	Technōs Japan
Boogerman: A Pick and Flick Adventure	publisher	Interplay
Suzuka 8 Hours	publisher	Namco
Super Bases Loaded	publisher	Jaleco
Wizard	publisher	Berkley Books
Desert Commander	publisher	Kemco
Demon	publisher	Berkley Books
Street Rod	publisher	California Dreams
The Wayward Bus	publisher	Viking Press
Radirgy	publisher	Able Corporation
Radirgy	publisher	MileStone
Marathon Infinity	publisher	Bungie Software
Shadowrun	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Marsport	publisher	Gargoyle Games
Top Gear Overdrive	publisher	Kemco
Steam-Heart's	publisher	Technical Group Laboratory
A Gun for Sale	publisher	Heinemann
Lost Planet: Extreme Condition	publisher	Capcom
The Book of Ultimate Truths	publisher	Doubleday
Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics	publisher	Ludwig von Mises Institute
Teleroboxer	publisher	Nintendo
Vertical Force	publisher	Nintendo
Def Jam Fight for NY: The Takeover	publisher	Electronic Arts
Surrender the Pink	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Path Between the Seas	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tecmo World Wrestling	publisher	Tecmo
Antiquity	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Antiquity Trust
Fun House	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Base Wars	publisher	Ultra Games
Dogs Don't Tell Jokes	publisher	Random House
X-Men: Legacy	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Last Bounty Hunter	publisher	American Laser Games
The Last Bounty Hunter	publisher	3
The Last Bounty Hunter	publisher	Philips Media
The Last Bounty Hunter	publisher	Digital Leisure
The Last Bounty Hunter	publisher	Majesco Games
Super Doll Licca-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Banco	publisher	Hart-Davis
The Longest Night	publisher	Pocket Books
Soldier in the Rain	publisher	Atheneum
Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova	publisher	Konami
Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Metal Slug 5	publisher	SNK Playmore
NBA Ballers	publisher	Midway Games
G.	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Mr. Vertigo	publisher	Faber & Faber
Crimson Hero	publisher	Shueisha
Bio-Hazard Battle	publisher	Sega
Decipher	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Decipher	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The 4-Dimensional Nightmare	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Venom: Separation Anxiety	publisher	Marvel Comics
Cyberbykes	publisher	GameTek
Deathchase	publisher	Micromega
Deathchase	publisher	Ventamatic
Torin's Passage	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Private Eye	publisher	Activision
Midnight Runner	publisher	HarperCollins
Live Flesh	publisher	Hutchinson
A Fatal Inversion	publisher	Viking Press
A Fatal Inversion	publisher	Bantam Books
The Return of the Dancing Master	publisher	Random House
Ninja Assault	publisher	Namco
Ninja Assault	publisher	Sega
Xenosaga Episode I	publisher	Namco
Sidetracked	publisher	Ordfront
God's Little Acre	publisher	Viking Press
Typhoon	publisher	Pall Mall Magazine
Joe Blade	publisher	Players
Angélique, the Marquise of the Angels	publisher	Trévise & Colbert
Life & Times of Michael K	publisher	Ravan Press
Super Monkey Ball Touch & Roll	publisher	Sega
The New Market Wizards	publisher	HarperCollins
From Doon with Death	publisher	John Long
From Doon with Death	publisher	The Crime Club
The Perilous Gard	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
MX vs. ATV Unleashed	publisher	THQ
Grendel	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Grendel	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Puckoon	publisher	Anthony Blond
Children of the Dust	publisher	Harper & Row
Storm Warning	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Storm Warning	publisher	Holt, Rinehart & Winston
Tinkle Pit	publisher	Namco
Plague 99	publisher	Methuen
Blair Witch	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Running Wild	publisher	Hutchinson
The Overloaded Man	publisher	Panther
Gunship 2000	publisher	MicroProse
Kaitei Takara Sagashi	publisher	Namco
Alchemy	publisher	CollinsFlamingo
End in Tears	publisher	Hutchinson
End in Tears	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Gribbly's Day Out	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Mnemovore	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Mnemovore	publisher	DC Comics
Deutsche Medizinische Wochenschrift	publisher	Thieme Medical Publishers
X-Men 2099	publisher	Marvel Comics
Las películas de mi vida	publisher	Rayo
August 1914	publisher	YMCA Press
The Dying Animal	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Seven Up	publisher	St. Martin's Press
High Five	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Hot Six	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Feature Funnies	publisher	Everett M. %22Busy%22 Arnold
Feature Comics	publisher	Quality Comics
Nicky Boom	publisher	Microïds
Eleven on Top	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Ten Big Ones	publisher	St. Martin's Press
To the Nines	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Hard Eight	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Adventures of Alan Ladd	publisher	DC Comics
The Adventures of Bob Hope	publisher	National Periodical Publications
The Adventures of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis	publisher	National Periodical Publications, an imprint of DC Comics
Cartagena	publisher	Corfix
Cartagena	publisher	Identity Games International B.V.
Cartagena	publisher	Nordic Games
Cartagena	publisher	Oya
Cartagena	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Cartagena	publisher	Tilsit Editions
Cartagena	publisher	Venice Connection
Cartagena	publisher	Winning Moves
La Esperança	publisher	Shinshokan
Freddi Fish 5: The Case of the Creature of Coral Cove	publisher	Infogrames
Freddi Fish 3: The Case of the Stolen Conch Shell	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Freddi Fish 2: The Case of the Haunted Schoolhouse	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Freddi Fish 4: The Case of the Hogfish Rustlers of Briny Gulch	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Brian Lara Cricket '99	publisher	Codemasters
Earthlight	publisher	Firebird Software
Tau Ceti	publisher	CRL Group PLC
Libble Rabble	publisher	Namco
Face Off	publisher	Namco
Toy Pop	publisher	Namco
Nature Materials	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Sky Kid Deluxe	publisher	Namco
EMBO Reports	publisher	European Molecular Biology Organization
Salamander 2	publisher	Konami
The Meaning of Everything	publisher	Oxford University Press
Krakatoa: The Day the World Exploded	publisher	Penguin
Nurse Angel Ririka SOS	publisher	Shueisha
The Zombie Survival Guide	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Alaska Quarterly Review	publisher	University of Alaska Anchorage
Virginia Quarterly Review	publisher	University of Virginia
I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The Search for Snout	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Aliens Stole My Body	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Pass the Pigs	publisher	Winning Moves
Phantom of Inferno	publisher	Media Factory
Horseman, Pass By	publisher	Harper
Arm Wrestling	publisher	Nintendo of America
The Red Shoes	publisher	C. A. Reitzel
+Anima	publisher	MediaWorks
Guild Wars Factions	publisher	NCSOFT
Yokai Dochuki	publisher	Namco
Spindizzy	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
Spindizzy	publisher	Activision
Starship Command	publisher	Acornsoft
Superman	publisher	Sunsoft
Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower	publisher	Common Courage Press
L'Esclusa	publisher	Newton Compton
This Other Eden	publisher	Sphere Books
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me	publisher	Hutchinson
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me	publisher	Doubleday
Legacy of Kain: Defiance	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Formula One World Championship: Beyond the Limit	publisher	Sega
The Moon's Shadow	publisher	Tor Books
Ascendant Sun	publisher	Tor Books
Gateway	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Politics and Letters: Interviews with New Left Review	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
AirForce Delta Storm	publisher	Konami
Five Centuries of Spanish Literature	publisher	Dodd, Mead & Company
Five Centuries of Spanish Literature	publisher	Waveland Press
The Silkworm	publisher	Sphere Books
The Bible Game	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Secret Agent	publisher	Apogee Software
Cosmos	publisher	Random House
Cosmos	publisher	New York City
Beyond the Supernatural	publisher	Palladium Books
The Quantum Rose	publisher	Tor Books  and Analog Science Fiction and Fact
Medieval II: Total War	publisher	Sega
Medieval II: Total War	publisher	Feral Interactive
Reviews of Modern Physics	publisher	American Physical Society
Geophysical Research Letters	publisher	American Geophysical Union
The View from Saturday	publisher	Atheneum Books
Rogue Galaxy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Cross Gate	publisher	Enix
Cross Gate	publisher	Square Enix
The Getaway	publisher	Signet Books
Missing May	publisher	Orchard Books
A Monk Swimming	publisher	Harper Collins
Killzone: Liberation	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Illyria: Spotlight	publisher	IDW Publishing
Daedalian Opus	publisher	Sunsoft
Gargoyle's Quest II	publisher	Capcom
Gargoyle's Quest	publisher	Capcom
The Curse	publisher	IDW Publishing
Spike: Old Times	publisher	IDW Publishing
Return of the Bunny Suicides	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton, Ltd
Spike vs. Dracula	publisher	IDW Publishing
Spike: Old Wounds	publisher	IDW Publishing
Spike: Lost and Found	publisher	IDW Publishing
Old Friends	publisher	IDW Publishing
Tokyo	publisher	Bantam Press
The Treatment	publisher	Bantam Books
Birdman	publisher	Bantam Books
MechWarrior 4: Vengeance	publisher	Microsoft, Tsunami Visual Technologies
Dino Dini's Goal	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Black Corridor	publisher	Ace Books
Meg: A Novel of Deep Terror	publisher	Bantam Books
Achtung Spitfire!	publisher	Avalon Hill
Afterlife	publisher	LucasArts
Samurai Warriors 2	publisher	Koei
Wild Cat Falling	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Prefectural Earth Defense Force	publisher	Shogakukan
The Origin	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Spike & Dru	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Timaru Herald	publisher	Fairfax Media
Oh, Play That Thing	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Up the Walls of the World	publisher	Berkley Books
The Lion King	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The China Study	publisher	BenBella Books
Gulls of Europe, Asia and North America	publisher	A & C Black
Retribution	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Frogger 2: Swampy's Revenge	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Absolutely Normal Chaos	publisher	Macmillan Children's Books
Conflict: Global Terror	publisher	SCi
Conflict: Global Terror	publisher	2
Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Interstate '76 Nitro Pack	publisher	Activision
Interstate '82	publisher	Activision
Shot Online	publisher	OnNet USA
Shot Online	publisher	OnNet Europe
Sasana Vamsa	publisher	King Mindon
The Late Shift	publisher	Hyperion Books
Stamboul Train	publisher	Heinemann
Out of the Shelter	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Paradise News	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Therapy	publisher	Secker & Warburg
American Banker	publisher	Anne Hrubala VP Sales, Banking & Payments
Empire Earth II: The Art of Supremacy	publisher	Vivendi Games
Many Marriages	publisher	B.W. Huebsch
Home Truths	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Rail Simulator	publisher	Electronic Arts
Namco Classic Collection Vol. 1	publisher	Namco
Namco Classic Collection Vol. 2	publisher	Namco
Delusions of Grandma	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Giles	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Jonathan	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Reunion	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Flunky	publisher	Piranha Games
Burning Force	publisher	Namco
Cosmo Gang the Video	publisher	Namco
Cosmo Gang the Puzzle	publisher	Namco
Not George Washington	publisher	Cassell, Petter, Galpin & Co
Park Patrol	publisher	Firebird Software
Hypaball	publisher	Odin Computer Graphics
Shivers II: Harvest of Souls	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Wolverine: Snikt!	publisher	Marvel Comics
Gojiro	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
James Pond 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Open House	publisher	Random House
Tokimeki Tonight	publisher	Shueisha
Holy Diver	publisher	Irem
Criss Cross	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Warhead	publisher	Activision
Navarone	publisher	Namco
Endgame: The Blueprint for Victory in the War on Terror	publisher	Regnery
The Coral Island	publisher	Thomas Nelson
MVP 06: NCAA Baseball	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pepsi Invaders	publisher	Coca-Cola
Dark Arms: Beast Busters	publisher	SNK Playmore
King of Fighters R-2	publisher	SNK
Solvalou	publisher	Namco
Valkyrie no Densetsu	publisher	Namco
The Flivver King	publisher	United Automobile Workers
The Flivver King	publisher	Charles H Kerr Co
No Man Friday	publisher	Heinemann
G	publisher	Namco
Sega GT	publisher	Sega
The Shadow of the Wind	publisher	Planeta Group
The Shadow of the Wind	publisher	Penguin Books
The Shadow of the Wind	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Shadow of the Wind	publisher	Orion Books
Boba Fett: Crossfire	publisher	Scholastic Press
Mall of America Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value
Zanoni	publisher	Saunders and Otley
Adolphe	publisher	Henry Colburn
Phase 10	publisher	Mattel
Tomorrow, the Stars	publisher	Doubleday Books
Irish Birds	publisher	BirdWatch Ireland
Ibis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ornithologists' Union
Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World	publisher	Crown and Three Rivers Press
Supertoys Last All Summer Long	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Haunted	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Dreamsnake	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Buzz!: The BIG Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Crysis	publisher	Electronic Arts
When Gravity Fails	publisher	Arbor House
Kyūkai Dōchūki	publisher	Namco
Finest Hour	publisher	Namco
The Latham Diaries	publisher	Melbourne University Publishing
Universal Hero	publisher	Mastertronic
Agape and Eros	publisher	S.P.C.K., Westminster Press, Harper & Row
Sexy Commando Gaiden: Sugoi yo!! Masaru-san	publisher	Shueisha
Donjon	publisher	Anvilwerks
Primal Force	publisher	DC Comics
Cossacks: European Wars	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
Yume Penguin Monogatari	publisher	Konami
Socialite Evenings	publisher	Penguin Books
InSpectres	publisher	Memento Mori Theatricks
Capes	publisher	Muse of Fire Games
Digimon Battle Spirit	publisher	Bandai
Digimon Rumble Arena	publisher	Bandai
Digimon Rumble Arena 2	publisher	Bandai
Sega Touring Car Championship	publisher	Sega
Primetime Adventures	publisher	Dog-eared Designs
Digimon Tamers: Battle Spirit Ver. 1.5	publisher	Bandai
The Worthing Chronicle	publisher	Ace Books
Jackson Free Press	publisher	Todd Stauffer
True Detective	publisher	Macfadden Publications
True Detective	publisher	Rees Communications
True Detective	publisher	Globe Communications
The Worthing Saga	publisher	Tor Books
Blast Chamber	publisher	Activision
Up the Line	publisher	Ballantine Books
Alice, I Think	publisher	Thistledown Press
Freckle Juice	publisher	Four Winds Press
Ayane's High Kick	publisher	Gakken
Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas	publisher	Bantam Books
Good as Gold	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tank Force	publisher	Namco
Trollslayer	publisher	Games Workshop
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back	publisher	JVC
Gradius Gaiden	publisher	Konami
Scooter Girl	publisher	Oni Press
Deadenders	publisher	DC Comics
Digimon Racing	publisher	Bandai
Engine Summer	publisher	Doubleday
Pax Imperia	publisher	Changeling Software
Speedpost	publisher	Viking Books
Martin Dressler: The Tale of an American Dreamer	publisher	Crown Publishers
G.I. Combat	publisher	Quality Comics
G.I. Combat	publisher	DC Comics
D20 Past	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Zipang	publisher	Kodansha
Happy Seven	publisher	Shueisha
Underbar Summer	publisher	Softgarage
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer	publisher	SETA Corporation
Mirai Ninja	publisher	Namco
Icebreaker	publisher	Panasonic Software Company
Boxxle	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
Realms of the Haunting	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Gradius V	publisher	Konami
Bill the Conqueror	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Sam the Sudden	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Sam the Sudden	publisher	George H. Doran
To Serve Them All My Days	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Sorcerer's Apprentice	publisher	Éditions Julliard
Dragon's Teeth	publisher	Viking Press
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures	publisher	Archie Comics
Ultimate X4	publisher	Marvel Comics
Atlantis no Nazo	publisher	Sunsoft
Street Riders	publisher	Ubisoft
Gunbird	publisher	Arcade
Gunbird	publisher	Psikyo
Gunbird	publisher	Sega Saturn
Gunbird	publisher	Atlus
Gunbird	publisher	PlayStation
Gunbird	publisher	XS Games
Gunbird	publisher	Yahoo Mobile
Gunbird	publisher	Cave
Gunbird	publisher	PC
Gunbird	publisher	Console Classics
Cannon God Exaxxion	publisher	Kodansha
Sky Burial	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Missile Command 3D	publisher	Atari
Widget	publisher	Atlus
Widget	publisher	Atlus
Settling Accounts: The Grapple	publisher	Settling Accounts
Settling Accounts: The Grapple	publisher	Book series
Brian Lara Cricket	publisher	Codemasters
LostMagic	publisher	Ubisoft
RealSports Football	publisher	Atari
The Globalization of World Politics	publisher	Oxford University Press, USA
Sharpe's Company	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Sharpe's Company	publisher	Viking Press
The American Historical Review	publisher	Oxford University Press for the American Historical Association
Dragon Crystal	publisher	Sega
The Hollywood Hall of Shame	publisher	Penguin
Pep Comics	publisher	Archie Comics
Strikers 1945	publisher	Psikyo
Strikers 1945	publisher	Atlus
Marathon	publisher	Bungie Software
Law of the West	publisher	Accolade
Law of the West	publisher	American Action
Every Party	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
3D&T	publisher	Editora Trama, Editora JBC, Jambô Editora,
Fight Night 2004	publisher	Electronic Arts
Boffin	publisher	Addictive Games
Mastering the Art of Solution-Focused Counseling	publisher	American Counseling Association
Babel II	publisher	Akita Shoten
Babel II	publisher	Akita Shoten
Captain Underpants and the Preposterous Plight of the Purple Potty People	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Preposterous Plight of the Purple Potty People	publisher	Scholastic
Rogue Trip: Vacation 2012	publisher	GT Interactive
Canal Dreams	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Sand County Almanac	publisher	Oxford University Press
Zoo Empire	publisher	Enlight
A Song of Stone	publisher	Abacus
It's Now or Never!	publisher	Warner Chappell Plays Ltd
Laugh%3F I Nearly Went to Miami!	publisher	Samuel French Ltd
Ironfist Chinmi	publisher	Kodansha
Kagihime Monogatari Eikyū Alice Rondo	publisher	MediaWorks
JJ	publisher	Kobunsha
Snoopy	publisher	Radarsoft
Damaged Goods	publisher	Virgin Books
Circulation	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Endemic Bird Areas of the World: Priorities for Biodiversity Conservation	publisher	Birdlife International
Rural Rides	publisher	The Political Register
Fight Night Round 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Godless	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Star Trek: The Next Generation	publisher	Sega of America , Spectrum HoloByte
Summer Gone	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Canada
Puggsy	publisher	Psygnosis
The Regatta Mystery	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
The Amazing Spider-Man 2	publisher	LJN
The Amazing Spider-Man 3: Invasion of the Spider-Slayers	publisher	LJN
Dancers in Mourning	publisher	Heinemann
Flowers for the Judge	publisher	Heinemann
Splatterhouse 3	publisher	Namco
A Passionate Pilgrim	publisher	The Atlantic Monthly
My Utmost for His Highest	publisher	Discovery House
The Names	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dusklands	publisher	Ravan Press
Dusklands	publisher	Secker and Warburg
European Air War	publisher	MicroProse
As She Climbed Across the Table	publisher	Doubleday
American Journal of Sociology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Nargun and the Stars	publisher	Hutchinson
Planet Ladder	publisher	Sobisha/Shueisha
Walt Disney Giant	publisher	Gladstone Publishing
Appare Jipangu!	publisher	Shogakukan Productions Co., Ltd.
The Invention of Morel	publisher	Editorial Losada
X2	publisher	Ocean Software
X2	publisher	Capcom
Quarantine	publisher	GameTek
Rapid Reload	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
City Life	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
City Life	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
City Life	publisher	Deep Silver
Darklight Conflict	publisher	Electronic Arts
Weaponlord	publisher	Namco
Gradius IV	publisher	Konami
Madame de Mauves	publisher	The Galaxy
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 2: Summit Strike	publisher	Ubisoft
Sea Legends	publisher	New Media Generation
Sea Legends	publisher	Ocean Software
Animal	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
Them Bones	publisher	Ace Books
Savage Species	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Ghostwalk	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mister Monday	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
It's Not Luck	publisher	North River Press
Justice	publisher	DC Comics
See No Evil	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Wing Commander	publisher	Origin Systems
Niagara	publisher	Zoch Verlag
Niagara	publisher	Rio Grande Games
The Dying Earth	publisher	Hillman Periodicals
Blazing Angels: Squadrons of WWII	publisher	Ubisoft
Wraithborn	publisher	WildStorm
Demon Lord Dante	publisher	Kodansha
Demon Lord Dante	publisher	LEED Publishing
Cinderella Boy	publisher	Kobunsha
Detonator Orgun	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Devil Lady	publisher	Kodansha
Driller	publisher	Incentive Software
Very Good, Jeeves	publisher	Doubleday
The Areas of My Expertise	publisher	Penguin Group
Thank You, Jeeves	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Time Lord	publisher	Virgin Publishing
The Doctor Who Role Playing Game	publisher	FASA Corporation
The Eyes of the Overworld	publisher	Ace Books
Better Homes and Gardens	publisher	Meredith Corporation
Hordes	publisher	Privateer Press
Shadow of Rome	publisher	Capcom
Le Portrait de Petit Cossette	publisher	Kodansha
Hell Has No Limits	publisher	Sun & Moon Press
Crashday	publisher	Atari
Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes	publisher	1
A Specter Is Haunting Texas	publisher	Walker & Co.
Omishi Magical Theater: Risky Safety	publisher	MediaWorks
Phallos	publisher	Bamberger Books
Major	publisher	Shogakukan
Nights at the Circus	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Wall	publisher	Nasha Niva
Pilgrimage to Hell	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Cavalier	publisher	Fawcett Publications, later DuGent Publishing Corporation, now Cavalier Publishing
Treason by the Book	publisher	Penguin Books Ltd
Dead By Sunset	publisher	Pocket Books
Exosquad	publisher	Playmates
Wisconsin Law Review	publisher	University of Wisconsin Law School
Sexual Violence: Opposing Viewpoints	publisher	Greenhaven Press
Sexual Violence: Opposing Viewpoints	publisher	Farmington Hills
Character Is Destiny	publisher	Random House
Etidorhpa	publisher	privately printed
The Big Foot	publisher	John Long
The Revenge of the Shadow King	publisher	Orchard Books
Dark Visions	publisher	Orion Publishing
Popsy	publisher	Viking Press
Tomb Raider	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Lode Runner 2	publisher	GT Interactive  , MacSoft
Valiant: A Modern Tale of Faerie	publisher	Simon & Schuster
NHL Hitz Pro	publisher	Midway Games
Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society	publisher	American Meteorological Society
National Weather Digest	publisher	National Weather Association
Villa Incognito	publisher	Bantam Books
Intercourse	publisher	Free Press
Wing Commander II: Vengeance of the Kilrathi	publisher	Origin Systems
Waku Waku 7	publisher	SNK Playmore
Waku Waku 7	publisher	Sunsoft
Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back	publisher	Palace Software
Hunting Ground	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Headless Cupid	publisher	Atheneum Books
Uncle Fred in the Springtime	publisher	Doubleday, Doran, New York
Gunn: Spotlight	publisher	IDW Publishing
Figure 17	publisher	MediaWorks
Thunder Force III	publisher	Sega
Strikers 1945 II	publisher	Psikyo
Strikers 1945 II	publisher	Success
Strikers 1945 II	publisher	Agetec
Strikers 1945 II	publisher	Midas Interactive
Strikers 1945 II	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Strikers 1945 II	publisher	Mobirix
Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth	publisher	DC Comics
Rape of the Fair Country	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Rape of the Fair Country	publisher	Doubleday
Wesley: Spotlight	publisher	IDW Publishing
Killzone 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Manchild in the Promised Land	publisher	Macmillan & Co
The Reykjavík Grapevine	publisher	Hilmar Grétarsson
Black Creek Crossing	publisher	Ballantine Books
Odell Down Under	publisher	SoftKey
A London Life	publisher	Scribner's Magazine
Sengeki Striker	publisher	Kaneko
Great Northern%3F	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Living My Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Seven of Seven	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Pioneer	publisher	Chandan Mitra
Curse of Enchantia	publisher	Core Design
Curse of Enchantia	publisher	Virgin Games
Body Blows Galactic	publisher	Team17
The Fifth Man	publisher	
Oxygen	publisher	Bethany House
Angry Youth Comix	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
The Tenants of Moonbloom	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
Inexcusable	publisher	Ginee Seo Books
Albert Angelo	publisher	Constable & Robinson
The Face	publisher	Bantam Books
Lies My Teacher Told Me	publisher	The New Press
Neighbors	publisher	Dell Publishing
Hunter: The Reckoning: Redeemer	publisher	Vivendi Universal
Earthian	publisher	Shinshokan
Marble Blast Ultra	publisher	GarageGames
PKNA	publisher	The Walt Disney Company Italy
Baden-Powell	publisher	Hutchinson
Wine of the Dreamers	publisher	Greenberg
X-Men: Mutant Apocalypse	publisher	Capcom
Hanbun no Tsuki ga Noboru Sora	publisher	MediaWorks
Galahad at Blandings	publisher	Simon & Schuster
House Mother Normal	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Lexicon of Comicana	publisher	iUniverse
Public Enemy Number Two	publisher	Lions
Public Enemy Number Two	publisher	Walker Books
Empire Star	publisher	Ace Books
Atashin'chi	publisher	Media Factory
Claymates	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Middle Years	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Killzone 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Cabela's Big Game Hunter	publisher	HeadGames Publishing
Battleaxe	publisher	Voyager Books
The Ashes of Eden	publisher	Pocket Books
Starship Troopers: The Roleplaying Game	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
Bracebridge Hall	publisher	John Murray
Bracebridge Hall	publisher	Moses Thomas
Digimon Digital Card Battle	publisher	Bandai
Digimon Digital Card Battle	publisher	Fox Kids
MechWarrior 2: 31st Century Combat	publisher	Activision
Digimon World 4	publisher	Bandai
Grim Tuesday	publisher	HarperCollins
Grim Tuesday	publisher	Scholastic Paperbacks
Championship Manager 4	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Full Moon	publisher	Doubleday
Black Coffee	publisher	HarperCollins
The World of Narue	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tokobot	publisher	Tecmo
Bad Planet	publisher	Raw Studios
Bad Planet	publisher	Image Comics
Army Men Advance	publisher	3
Gestalt	publisher	Square Enix
Gestalt	publisher	Ichijinsha
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Mirage Studios
Mobile Computing and Communications Review	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Fyens Stiftstidende	publisher	S
NIN	publisher	Politika a.d.
NIN	publisher	Ringier Axel Springer d.o.o.
Destrega	publisher	Koei
Wing Commander III: Heart of the Tiger	publisher	Origin Systems
Onion John	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
The Stars Look Down	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
The Stars Look Down	publisher	Little, Brown
Arena Football	publisher	Electronic Arts
Brave New World	publisher	Pinnacle Entertainment Group
Brave New World	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Blue Murder	publisher	Currency Press
Joy in the Morning	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Joy in the Morning	publisher	Doubleday
Joy in the Morning	publisher	Harper & Row
Sunwing	publisher	HarperCollins
Not Forgotten	publisher	Pocket Books
Close to the Ground	publisher	Pocket Books
Soul Trade	publisher	Pocket Books
Redemption	publisher	Pocket Books
Shakedown	publisher	Pocket Books
Hollywood Noir	publisher	Pocket Books
Avatar	publisher	Pocket Books
From Here to Eternity	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Onimusha: Dawn of Dreams	publisher	Capcom
The Winter Room	publisher	Scholastic Books, 1989
Ruled Britannia	publisher	New American Library
House	publisher	WestBow Press
The Tristan Betrayal	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Mathematics of Computation	publisher	American Mathematical Society
From the Files of the Time Rangers	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Tsuide ni Tonchinkan	publisher	Shueisha
Sky Fox	publisher	Jaleco
The Altar of the Dead	publisher	William Heinemann, London
The Altar of the Dead	publisher	Harper & Brothers, New York City
GURPS Martial Arts	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Frostbite	publisher	Activision
Immaterial and Missing Power	publisher	Twilight Frontier
Immaterial and Missing Power	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Lemonade Stand	publisher	Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium
Bruja	publisher	Pocket Books
The Law and the Lady	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Monolith	publisher	Pocket Books
Book of the Dead	publisher	Pocket Books
Solitary Man	publisher	Pocket Books
Nemesis	publisher	Pocket Books
Love and Death	publisher	Pocket Books
Dark Mirror	publisher	Pocket Books
Fearless	publisher	Pocket Books
Vengeance	publisher	Pocket Books
Endangered Species	publisher	Pocket Books
Impressions	publisher	Pocket Books
Sanctuary	publisher	Pocket Books
Stranger to the Sun	publisher	Pocket Books
Image	publisher	Pocket Books
Haunted	publisher	Pocket Books
The Mating Season	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
The Mating Season	publisher	Didier & Co.
The Summoned	publisher	Pocket Books
Ghoul Trouble	publisher	Pocket Books
Neuroshima	publisher	Wydawnictwo Portal
Da Capo II	publisher	Paradigm
Da Capo II	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Da Capo II	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Crystal Quest	publisher	Casady & Greene
Crystal Quest	publisher	Stainless Games
The Satan Bug	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Satan Bug	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Mind	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Mind Association
The Defense	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Swallowdale	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Lode Runner Online: The Mad Monks' Revenge	publisher	Sierra Online
The House of Sixty Fathers	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Crazyracing Kartrider	publisher	Nexon Korea, Tiancity, Beanfun!
The Turning Point	publisher	Bantam Books
The Great Good Place	publisher	Scribners
Warlord of the Air	publisher	Ace Books
GURPS Alpha Centauri	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Land That Time Forgot	publisher	A. C. McClurg
The Weathering Continent	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Amagon	publisher	Vic Tokai
Amagon	publisher	American Sammy
Japanese: The Spoken Language	publisher	Yale University Press
Fate	publisher	WildTangent
Fate	publisher	Encore Software
Deathrow	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
Film Quarterly	publisher	University of California Press
The Grid	publisher	Midway Games
Barabbas	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Mrs. Medwin	publisher	Punch
If This Is a Man	publisher	De Silva
If This Is a Man	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
If This Is a Man	publisher	The Orion Press
The Daily Star	publisher	Salma El Bissar
Maps in a Mirror	publisher	Tor Books
Lost Dutchman Mine	publisher	Magnetic Images
Baal	publisher	Psygnosis
The Wives of Bath	publisher	Knopf Canada
The Wives of Bath	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Wives of Bath	publisher	Granta
The Birthplace	publisher	Methuen & Co., London
The Birthplace	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons, New York City
Impact	publisher	University of Nottingham Students' Union
Zetsuai 1989	publisher	Shueisha
Twin Kingdom Valley	publisher	Bug-Byte
The Czar's Madman	publisher	Eesti Raamat
The Two Princesses of Bamarre	publisher	HarperCollins
The River War	publisher	Longmans, Green and Co.
Markheim	publisher	London: T. Fisher Unwin
Here Be Dragons	publisher	Holt McDougal
The Nightmare Fair	publisher	Target Books
Here There Be Dragons	publisher	D. M. Grant
Here, There Be Dragons	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Zarlor Mercenary	publisher	Epyx
Kushiel's Scion	publisher	Warner Books
Sudden Death	publisher	Boulevard Books
Kushiel's Justice	publisher	Warner Books
The City in History	publisher	Harcourt, Brace and World
Shogun	publisher	Queen Games
The Lord of the Rings: Tactics	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Lord of the Rings: Tactics	publisher	New Line Cinema
Motion Picture Funnies Weekly	publisher	Funnies Inc.
Reideen	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Söldner: Secret Wars	publisher	JoWooD Productions
Söldner: Secret Wars	publisher	Evolved
The Midwife's Apprentice	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Extremist	publisher	Vertigo
Skreemer	publisher	DC Comics
Home of the Gentry	publisher	Sovremennik
Fingersmith	publisher	Virago Press
Journal of Geophysical Research	publisher	American Geophysical Union
Wizard	publisher	Atari
Dream Machines	publisher	Self-published
Dream Machines	publisher	Tempus Books/Microsoft Press
Clockwiser	publisher	Rasputin Software
Eos	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Arthur's Knights	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Arthur's Knights	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Apocalypse	publisher	Activision
ElectroCop	publisher	Atari
The California Raisins: The Grape Escape	publisher	Capcom
Cirque du Freak	publisher	HarperCollins
The Dog: Happy Life	publisher	Yuke's
Bec	publisher	HarperCollins
Bec	publisher	Little, Brown
Townsville Bulletin	publisher	Queensland Newspapers
Utsunomiko	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Bridge at Andau	publisher	Random House
The Incredible Shrinking Fireman	publisher	Mastertronic
Sharpe's Sword	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Ludmila's Broken English	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Ear, the Eye and the Arm	publisher	Orchard Books
In-Training	publisher	pagerpublications.org
Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy	publisher	LucasArts
Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy	publisher	Feral Interactive
Crossfire	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
The Nurture Assumption	publisher	The Free Press
Zoo Keeper	publisher	Taito Corporation
Providence: The Story of a Fifty-Year Vision Quest	publisher	The Hard Rain Press
Gates of Zendocon	publisher	Atari
Flying Warriors	publisher	Culture Brain
Dead to Rights II	publisher	Namco
Dead to Rights II	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tourist Trophy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Blonde Ambition	publisher	Little Brown
Girls on Film	publisher	Poppy imprint at Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Todd's Adventures in Slime World	publisher	Atari
Tall Cool One	publisher	Little Brown
Back in Black	publisher	Little Brown
Viking Child	publisher	Atari
The Silverado Squatters	publisher	Chatto and Windus
ACM Transactions on Graphics	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Lingua	publisher	Elsevier
Blood Wake	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Mario Andretti Racing	publisher	EA Sports
The Vanishings	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Gentlemen & Players	publisher	Doubleday
Wing Commander IV: The Price of Freedom	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mickey's Racing Adventure	publisher	Disney Interactive
Mickey's Racing Adventure	publisher	Nintendo
Mickey's Speedway USA	publisher	Nintendo
Disney's Magical Mirror Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Nintendo
Omega Boost	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Disney's Magical Quest	publisher	Capcom
Disney's Magical Quest	publisher	Nintendo
Disney's Magical Quest	publisher	Disney Interactive
What We Do Is Secret	publisher	Villard
By Royal Command	publisher	Puffin Books
The Ice Harvest	publisher	Ballantine Books
Auxiliary Power's Demolition Derby and Figure 8 Race	publisher	Auxiliary Power
Fire from Heaven	publisher	Pantheon Books
Qadiani Problem	publisher	Islamic Publications
Lords of Madness	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Our Hearts Were Young and Gay	publisher	Dodd, Mead & Co.
The Patriotic Traitors	publisher	Heinemann
Loser	publisher	Harper Collins
World of Warcraft Trading Card Game	publisher	Upper Deck Entertainment
World of Warcraft Trading Card Game	publisher	Cryptozoic Entertainment
The Awful Green Things from Outer Space	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Whortle's Hope	publisher	Hodder Headline
The Castle	publisher	ASCII Corporation
Airforce Delta Strike	publisher	Konami
The Rosy Crucifixion	publisher	Obelisk Press
The Rosy Crucifixion	publisher	Grove Press
Demon's World	publisher	Taito Corporation
Demon's World	publisher	Toaplan
Wing Commander: Prophecy	publisher	Electronic Arts
Wing Commander: Prophecy	publisher	Destination Software
Hitler's War	publisher	Metagaming Concepts and Avalon Hill
Nadja	publisher	Grove Press
The Hidden Hitler	publisher	Basic Books
Barmy in Wonderland	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
MM Mickey Mouse Mystery Magazine	publisher	The Walt Disney Company Italy
Blaster	publisher	Williams
Evil Dead: A Fistful of Boomstick	publisher	THQ
The Eye in the Door	publisher	Viking Press
ClayFighter 2: Judgment Clay	publisher	Interplay
Journal of Library Administration	publisher	Routledge
Cobra Triangle	publisher	Nintendo
Thousand Arms	publisher	Atlus
Real Bout Fatal Fury	publisher	SNK Playmore
The King of Fighters '96	publisher	SNK
World Heroes Perfect	publisher	ADK, SNK
Real Bout Fatal Fury Special	publisher	SNK
The King of Fighters 2001	publisher	Eolith/SNK, Playmore
The King of Fighters 2000	publisher	SNK
Pud Pud in Weird World	publisher	Ocean Software
Metal Slug Advance	publisher	SNK Playmore
Fatal Fury: Wild Ambition	publisher	SNK
The King of Fighters 2003	publisher	SNK Playmore
Samurai Shodown VI	publisher	SNK Playmore
Samurai Shodown VI	publisher	Sega
The King of Fighters Neowave	publisher	SNK Playmore
The King of Fighters Neowave	publisher	Sammy Corporation
The King of Fighters 2002	publisher	Eolith/Playmore
The Movie Monster Game	publisher	Epyx
The Last Blade 2	publisher	SNK
Samurai Shodown V Special	publisher	SNK Playmore
Fatal Fury: King of Fighters	publisher	SNK Playmore
Fatal Fury: King of Fighters	publisher	Magical Company
Fatal Fury 3: Road to the Final Victory	publisher	SNK
Real Bout Fatal Fury 2: The Newcomers	publisher	SNK
World Heroes 2 Jet	publisher	ADK, SNK, Takara
The King of Fighters '94	publisher	SNK
Shock Troopers: 2nd Squad	publisher	SNK
Elsevier	publisher	Reed Business Information
Silver	publisher	Infogrames
Championship Manager 5	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Pigs Have Wings	publisher	Doubleday
Manx TT Super Bike	publisher	Sega
Embrace	publisher	Abacus
The Smell of Apples	publisher	Queillerie , Abacus
F-16 Multirole Fighter	publisher	NovaLogic
Pigeon Post	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Journal of Hydrometeorology	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Earth Interactions	publisher	American Meteorological Society, American Geophysical Union, and Association of American Geographers
Monthly Weather Review	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Meteorological Monographs	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Journal of Physical Oceanography	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Journal of Climate	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Weather and Forecasting	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology	publisher	American Meteorological Society
Robota	publisher	Chronicle Books
WWF Road to WrestleMania	publisher	THQ
Trashman	publisher	New Generation Software
Trashman	publisher	Quicksilva
The Feeble Files	publisher	Adventure Soft
The Feeble Files	publisher	Bomico
The Feeble Files	publisher	Idigicon
The Feeble Files	publisher	Infogrames
Mutant League Hockey	publisher	Electronic Arts
Star Wars: Legacy	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Tin Star	publisher	Nintendo
Sweethearts	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Hayao Miyazaki's Daydream Data Notes	publisher	Dainippon Kaiga
Codename: Sailor V	publisher	Kodansha
The Rosary	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Peculiar Chris	publisher	Cannon International
Jaja Uma Grooming Up!	publisher	Shogakukan
Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Curse	publisher	Micronet
Walt Disney World Quest: Magical Racing Tour	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Championship Manager	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Courtship of Princess Leia	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Allies of the Night	publisher	HarperCollins
Allies of the Night	publisher	Little, Brown
Championship Manager	publisher	Domark
94	publisher	Domark
The Black Gryphon	publisher	DAW Books
Saugus Advertiser	publisher	GateHouse Media
Championship Manager 2	publisher	Domark Software
Championship Manager 2	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Storm Across Europe	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Thousand Cranes	publisher	Kawabata Publishing
Championship Manager 2006	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Jerusalem's Lot	publisher	Doubleday
Circus Caper	publisher	Toho
Atari Anthology	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Atari Anthology	publisher	Atari, SA/Atari Interactive, Inc.
Atari Anthology	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Speed	publisher	Olympia Press
Paranoid: A Chant	publisher	Signet Books
A Buyer's Market	publisher	Heinemann
Getsu Fūma Den	publisher	Konami
B.A.T. II – The Koshan Conspiracy	publisher	Ubi Soft
A New Universal History of Infamy	publisher	Night Shade Books
Frozen Assets	publisher	Simon & Schuster, Inc.
Service with a Smile	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Children of the Thunder	publisher	Del Rey Books
Fiction International	publisher	San Diego State University
Gødland	publisher	Image Comics
My Mother's Castle	publisher	Pastorelly
Ar Tonelico: Melody of Elemia	publisher	Banpresto
Ar Tonelico: Melody of Elemia	publisher	NIS America
Ar Tonelico: Melody of Elemia	publisher	505
Time Bandit	publisher	MichTron
Torino 2006	publisher	2
Rompers	publisher	Namco
Across the Zodiac	publisher	Trübner & Co
Sir Thursday	publisher	Scholastic Press
Acorna: The Unicorn Girl	publisher	Eos
Dragonsinger	publisher	Atheneum Books
The People That Time Forgot	publisher	Ace Books
The Solitaire Mystery	publisher	Berkley Books
The Sign of the Beaver	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Critical Path	publisher	Media Vision
The Walking Drum	publisher	Bantam Books
Metal Hawk	publisher	Namco
Time Killers	publisher	Strata
Nude & Natural	publisher	The Naturist Society
Flowering Plants: Evolution Above the Species Level	publisher	Belknap Press
Go-Set	publisher	Go-Set Publications
Go-Set	publisher	Waverley Press
Go-Set	publisher	Sungravure
Go-Set	publisher	IPC Media
Angel Love	publisher	DC Comics
Bomberman: Act Zero	publisher	Konami
A Pelican at Blandings	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
The Girl in Blue	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Sunset at Blandings	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Bachelors Anonymous	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
The Day My Bum Went Psycho	publisher	Pan Books
A Day No Pigs Would Die	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Catholic Ashrams	publisher	Voice of India
Holy Terror	publisher	Legendary Comics
Tar Baby	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Quest for Glory V: Dragon Fire	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Quest for Glory: Shadows of Darkness	publisher	Sierra
Wallace & Gromit in Project Zoo	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Haven: Call of the King	publisher	Midway Games
Strain	publisher	Shogakukan
Sanctuary	publisher	Shogakukan
Heat	publisher	Shogakukan
Robot Arena 2: Design and Destroy	publisher	Infogrames
An Artist of the Floating World	publisher	Faber and Faber
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Critical Hour	publisher	Ubisoft
Chemistry Education Research and Practice	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
South Park: Chef's Luv Shack	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Beggar	publisher	Anchor Books
Prayers for the Assassin	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Shattered Mirror	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
Midnight Predator	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
Demon in My View	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
The Emigrants	publisher	Vito von Eichborn
The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss	publisher	Random House
The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales	publisher	Viking Press
The Age of Consent	publisher	Spence Publishing Company
Warlord	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Steven Spielberg's Director's Chair	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Steven Spielberg's Director's Chair	publisher	DreamWorks Interactive
Star Wars Epic Duels	publisher	Hasbro
Star Wars Epic Duels	publisher	Milton Bradley
Europa Universalis III	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Season of Ash	publisher	ENC Press
PENG	publisher	Oni Press
Sid Meier's Antietam!	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Deed of Paksenarrion	publisher	Baen Books
Dragon's Kin	publisher	Del Rey Books
Centaur Aisle	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Spell for Chameleon	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Spell for Chameleon	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ogre, Ogre	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dragon on a Pedestal	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mission: Impossible – Operation Surma	publisher	Atari
Golem in the Gears	publisher	Del Rey Books
Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Isle of View	publisher	Avon Books
Heaven Cent	publisher	Avon Books
Grand Monster Slam	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Demons Don't Dream	publisher	Tor Books
Man from Mundania	publisher	Avon Books
Harpy Thyme	publisher	Tor Books
Geis of the Gargoyle	publisher	Tor Books
Roc and a Hard Place	publisher	Tor Books
Faun & Games	publisher	Tor Books
The Dastard	publisher	Tor Books
Swell Foop	publisher	Tor Books
Cube Route	publisher	Tor Books
Up in a Heaval	publisher	Tor Books
Currant Events	publisher	Tor Books
Stork Naked	publisher	Tor Books
Air Apparent	publisher	Tor Books
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: The Genie and the Amp	publisher	D3 Publisher
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: The Genie and the Amp	publisher	Cartoon Network Interactive
The Island	publisher	Doubleday
Science in Action	publisher	Harvard University Press
PO'ed	publisher	Accolade
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Essentials	publisher	Ubisoft
Shrek SuperSlam	publisher	Activision
Getter Robo Armageddon	publisher	Futabasha
Getter Robo Armageddon	publisher	Kodansha
Rockman EXE Battle Chip Stadium	publisher	Capcom
The Shape of Things to Come	publisher	Hutchinson
The Shape of Things to Come	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Book and the Sword	publisher	The New Evening Post
Otis Spofford	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
Lair	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
King of Shadows	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry, US
Firelord	publisher	Bantam Books
Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe Edition	publisher	Midway Games
X-Men 2: Clone Wars	publisher	Sega
Mad Dog II: The Lost Gold	publisher	American Laser Games
Mad Dog II: The Lost Gold	publisher	Philips Media
Mad Dog II: The Lost Gold	publisher	IBM
Mad Dog II: The Lost Gold	publisher	Digital Leisure
Mad Dog II: The Lost Gold	publisher	Majesco Games
Who Shot Johnny Rock%3F	publisher	American Laser Games
Who Shot Johnny Rock%3F	publisher	Philips
Who Shot Johnny Rock%3F	publisher	Digital Leisure
Space Pirates	publisher	American Laser Games
Astro Blaster	publisher	Sega
Crossing the Line	publisher	HarperCollins
The World Before	publisher	HarperCollins
Romance of the Three Kingdoms II	publisher	Koei
Prothom Alo	publisher	Matiur Rahman
The Super Dimension Fortress Macross	publisher	Bandai
Basic Math	publisher	Atari
Angel: The Hollower	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Oz	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Shoeless Joe	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
WWF in Your House	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Beauty is the Beast	publisher	Hakusensha
MeruPuri	publisher	Hakusensha
Tokyo Boys & Girls	publisher	Shogakukan
Ouran High School Host Club	publisher	Hakusensha
Crypt of Medea	publisher	Sir-Tech
Extreme-G 3	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Affluent Society	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Nibbler	publisher	Rock-Ola
Nibbler	publisher	Datamost
Extreme-G	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Extreme-G 2	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Acorna's Quest	publisher	Eos
Crackpots	publisher	Activision
Make Death Love Me	publisher	Hutchinson
Make Death Love Me	publisher	Doubleday
A Judgement in Stone	publisher	Hutchinson
A Judgement in Stone	publisher	Doubleday
Digimon Battle Spirit 2	publisher	Bandai
Scottish Affairs	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
02	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Incredible Hulk: The Pantheon Saga	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Incredible Hulk: The Pantheon Saga	publisher	Marvel Comics
Teleny, or The Reverse of the Medal	publisher	Leonard Smithers
Pirates of the Caribbean	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Pirates of the Caribbean	publisher	Ubisoft
Maximum-Football	publisher	Matrix Games
Thunder Force V	publisher	Technosoft
Thunder Force V	publisher	Working Designs
Flush: A Biography	publisher	Hogarth Press
Sugar Sugar Rune	publisher	Kodansha
Calico Captive	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Settlers II	publisher	Ubisoft Blue Byte
Meine Liebe	publisher	Hakusensha
Ask the Dust	publisher	Stackpole Sons
Warpath	publisher	Groove Games
Black Rednecks and White Liberals	publisher	Encounter Books
Fire	publisher	Caliber Comics
Torso	publisher	Image Comics
Akuji the Heartless	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Championship Manager 3	publisher	Eidos Interactive
97	publisher	Eidos Interactive
98	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Option	publisher	San-Ei Shobo Publishing
Xena: Warrior Princess: The Talisman of Fate	publisher	Titus Software
How to Survive a Robot Uprising	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Strikers 1945 III	publisher	Psikyo
Strikers 1945 III	publisher	Mobirix
The Matlock Paper	publisher	Dial Press
French Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Blackjack	publisher	Atari, Inc.
The Color Kittens	publisher	Little Golden Books
The Amalgamation Polka	publisher	Vintage
Up a Road Slowly	publisher	Follett Corporation
Digimon World DS	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Legs	publisher	Coward, McCann & Geoghegan
AND 1 Streetball	publisher	Ubisoft
Shriek: An Afterword	publisher	Tor Books
Texar's Revenge, or, North Against South	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Tarr	publisher	The Egoist Press
Tarr	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Daily Vanguard	publisher	Portland State University Publications Board
X-Men: The 198	publisher	Marvel Comics
Planet's Edge	publisher	New World Computing
Tales of Phantasia: Narikiri Dungeon	publisher	Namco
Deadlock: Planetary Conquest	publisher	Accolade
Shah Jo Risalo	publisher	Sindhi Adabi Board
Euthanasia: Opposing Viewpoints	publisher	Greenhaven Press : San Diego
Everything That Rises Must Converge	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Crystal Crazy	publisher	Casady & Greene
Sky Shadow	publisher	Casady & Greene
If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing Plc
One Piece Mansion	publisher	Capcom
Darkened Skye	publisher	Simon & Schuster, Oxygen Interactive
Agapē Agape	publisher	Viking Press
The Rush for Second Place	publisher	Penguin Press
The Firesign Theatre's Big Book of Plays	publisher	Straight Arrow Press
Star Ship	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Under Defeat	publisher	Sega
Under Defeat	publisher	Rising Star Games
Discourse on the Arts and Sciences	publisher	Geneva, Barillot & fils [i. e. Paris, Noël-Jacques Pissot]
A Place in England	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Some of Your Blood	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Hired Man	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Kingdom Come	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Bomberman: Panic Bomber	publisher	Hudson Soft
Ogenki Clinic	publisher	Akita Shoten
Swallows and Amazons	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Bode Miller Alpine Skiing	publisher	Valcon Games
Bode Miller Alpine Skiing	publisher	Merscom
Rampage Puzzle Attack	publisher	Midway Games
Fantasy Earth: Zero	publisher	Gamepot
Fantasy Earth: Zero	publisher	GamepotUSA
Fantasy Earth: Zero	publisher	Square Enix
Fantasy Earth: Zero	publisher	Gamania
Fantasy Earth: Zero	publisher	Hangame
Fantasy Earth: Zero	publisher	PlayOnline
Confessions of a Mask	publisher	New Directions Publishers
Murphy	publisher	Routledge
A Man on the Moon	publisher	Viking Press
Assassination Vacation	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Provençal Tales	publisher	Pavilion Books
Fantastic Four	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Iron Man and X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Iron Man and X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal	publisher	Marvel Comics
Iron Man and X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal	publisher	Valiant Comics
Lagoon Engine Einsatz	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Deception	publisher	Tecmo
Deception	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Deception	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Deep Water	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Red Earth, White Lies	publisher	Fulcrum Publishing
The Lake of Souls	publisher	Harper Collins
The Lake of Souls	publisher	Little, Brown
4 Wheel Thunder	publisher	Midway Games
Sub-Terrania	publisher	Scavenger, Inc.
F1 Grand Prix	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hawksong	publisher	Random House
Hawksong	publisher	Delacorte Press
Snail Maze	publisher	Sega
Reborn!	publisher	Shueisha
The Dragon Masters	publisher	Ace Books
Mr. Fullswing	publisher	Shueisha
Vib-Ripple	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Weatherwise	publisher	Taylor & Francis Group
Rebel Angels: 25 Poets of the New Formalism	publisher	Story Line Press
Last Human	publisher	Viking Books
Yoda: Dark Rendezvous	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Book of Ebenezer Le Page	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Sign of the Seahorse	publisher	Harry N. Abrams Inc.
Culture and Society	publisher	Chatto and Windus
InkBall	publisher	Microsoft
Leviathan	publisher	2000
All Things Betray Thee	publisher	Michael Joseph
Historical Studies in the Natural Sciences	publisher	University of California Press
Monster Max	publisher	Titus Software
Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society	publisher	Croom Helm
Square Mile	publisher	Milton Bradley
The Country and the City	publisher	Chatto and Windus & Spokesman Books
Sacajawea	publisher	Avon Books
The Book of Earth	publisher	DAW Books
Black Blade	publisher	HarperCollins
T'ai Fu: Wrath of the Tiger	publisher	Activision
Superman: Doomsday & Beyond	publisher	Bantam Books
MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Legend of Huma	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Arumana no Kiseki	publisher	Konami
Ectokid	publisher	Razorline
Warhammer: Mark of Chaos	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Warhammer: Mark of Chaos	publisher	Koch Media
Making Money	publisher	Doubleday
Shadowmarch	publisher	DAW Books
The Kindness of Women	publisher	HarperCollins
Fort: Prophet of the Unexplained	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Motocross Madness	publisher	Microsoft
SWAT Force	publisher	Vivendi
Voyage of Slaves	publisher	Puffin Books
Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams	publisher	THQ
TOCA Race Driver 3	publisher	Codemasters
TOCA Race Driver 3	publisher	Feral Interactive
Gaiares	publisher	Renovation Products
Phantasy Star Collection	publisher	Sega
Power Pete	publisher	MacPlay
Ophidian 2350	publisher	Ophidian Games and Fleer
Planet of Twilight	publisher	Bantam Spectra
MedStar I: Battle Surgeons	publisher	Del Rey Books
MedStar II: Jedi Healer	publisher	Del Rey Books
Paladin	publisher	Anvilwerks
Roger Fry: A Biography	publisher	Hogarth Press
NHL Stanley Cup	publisher	Nintendo
Spies	publisher	Faber & Faber
2099: World of Tomorrow	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ken Griffey Jr.'s Winning Run	publisher	Nintendo
Deadly Dozen	publisher	Infogrames
Shock	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons, Macmillan and Pan Books
The Secret of Sinharat	publisher	Ace Books
The World Economy: Historical Statistics	publisher	OECD
The Sirius Mystery	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Curious George	publisher	Namco
Curious George	publisher	Vivendi Games
Lee Trevino's Fighting Golf	publisher	SNK
The Breast	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Shadow Dancer	publisher	Sega
Shadow Dancer	publisher	U.S. Gold
Shadow Dancer: The Secret of Shinobi	publisher	Sega
Krishnamurti's Journal	publisher	Harper & Row
London Blues	publisher	No Exit Press
Sword of Vermilion	publisher	Sega
Gangbusters	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Skip Beat!	publisher	Hakusensha
Zegapain	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Parable of the Sower	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
Parable of the Talents	publisher	Seven Stories Press
They Also Ran	publisher	Doubleday
Those Who Trespass	publisher	Broadway Books
Best Friends	publisher	Doubleday
The High Window	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Reprieve	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Reprieve	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Reprieve	publisher	Vintage
Troubled Sleep	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Troubled Sleep	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Troubled Sleep	publisher	Vintage
Samurai Commando: Mission 1549	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mario's Game Gallery	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Mario's Game Gallery	publisher	Mindscape
Mario's Game Gallery	publisher	Stepping Stone
Gun Frontier	publisher	Akita Shoten
Gun Frontier	publisher	Daiwa Shobo
Dragon Quest: Shōnen Yangus to Fushigi no Dungeon	publisher	Square Enix
Raja Gidh	publisher	Sang-e-Meel
Kessen II	publisher	Koei
Aristotle for Everybody	publisher	Macmillan
Apache Strike	publisher	Silicon Beach Software
Apache Strike	publisher	Activision
Gladiator	publisher	Taito Corporation
The White Hotel	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Madness of King George	publisher	Common Courage Press
People of the Talisman	publisher	Ace Books
The Outermost House	publisher	Doubleday, Doran and Company
X-Nation 2099	publisher	Marvel Comics
Liberty or Death	publisher	Koei
The Adapted Mind	publisher	Oxford University Press
Three	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Target Earth	publisher	Masaya
Target Earth	publisher	DreamWorks
Target Earth	publisher	Rising Star Games
To the Last Man	publisher	Harper & Brothers
To the Last Man	publisher	Forge
Journal of Peace Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Conflict Resolution	publisher	Sage Publications
Coot Club	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Finn Family Moomintroll	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux in US, Penguin Books in UK
Metal Warriors	publisher	Konami
A History of the American People	publisher	Original Great Britain Edition Weidenfeld & Nicolson; HarperCollins
Mr. Robot	publisher	Moonpod
Newsweek Polska	publisher	Axel Springer
The Pleasure of My Company	publisher	Hyperion
Blue Ocean Strategy	publisher	Harvard Business Review Press
Hackers & Painters	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Romance of the Three Kingdoms IX	publisher	Koei
My Life	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
Journal of Postgraduate Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications
Dream Saga	publisher	Kodansha
Chiaroscuro: The Private Lives of Leonardo da Vinci	publisher	Vertigo
The Twins at St. Clare's	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The O'Sullivan Twins	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Tactics	publisher	Mag Garden
Roller Coaster	publisher	Elite Systems
Gakuen Heaven	publisher	Biblos
Winter Dreams	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Blood Omen 2	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Buriki One	publisher	SNK
Spanky's Quest	publisher	Natsume
Epic	publisher	O'Brien Press
Dan Dare: Pilot of the Future	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Dan Dare: Pilot of the Future	publisher	Electronic Arts
Harry Kitten and Tucker Mouse	publisher	Dell Publishing
Moominland Midwinter	publisher	Gebers
A Ghost in Monte Carlo	publisher	Rich & Cowan
The Amazing Maze Game	publisher	Midway Games
Ginban Kaleidoscope	publisher	Shueisha
Ushio and Tora	publisher	Shogakukan
Foxes' Oven	publisher	Robert Hale
Datsun 280 ZZZAP	publisher	Midway Games
White Jazz	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
NetKar Pro	publisher	Kunos Simulazioni
The Journal of Finance	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the American Finance Association
Autobiography of Red	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
TaskMaker	publisher	XOR Corporation
TaskMaker	publisher	Storm Impact
Summer Term at St. Clare's	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Norsk Ukeblad	publisher	Hjemmet Mortensen AB
Hjemmet	publisher	Hjemmet Mortensen AB
Familien	publisher	Hjemmet Mortensen AB
Det Nye	publisher	Egmont Group
Light Crusader	publisher	Sega
The Encyclopaedia Sinica	publisher	Kelly & Walsh
Van Buren	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Scientific American Mind	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Gathering	publisher	Puffin Books
Business Jump	publisher	Shueisha
The Lighthouse at the End of the World	publisher	Jules Hetzel
Humanism Ireland	publisher	Humanist Association of Ireland (HAI) and the Humanist Association of Northern Ireland (Humani)
Puzzle Uo Poko	publisher	Jaleco
Sanxion	publisher	Thalamus
In Patagonia	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Midnight Over Sanctaphrax	publisher	Doubleday
School Days	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Last of the Sky Pirates	publisher	Doubleday
Biancaneve	publisher	Edifumetto
Empty World	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Empty World	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Stone Pilot	publisher	Doubleday
Iridion 3D	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Slawter	publisher	HarperCollins
American Quarterly	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Robotech	publisher	DC Comics
Robotech	publisher	Comico Comics
Robotech	publisher	Eternity Comics
Robotech	publisher	Academy Comics
Robotech	publisher	Antarctic Press
Robotech	publisher	WildStorm Productions
Crescent Moon	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Robotech	publisher	Palladium Books
Penn & Teller's Smoke and Mirrors	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Netherworld	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Restaurant Empire	publisher	Enlight Software
Hatris	publisher	Bullet-Proof Software
Phantom Quest Corp.	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Vox	publisher	Doubleday
DMZ	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Games People Play	publisher	Grove Press
Scratches	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
The War of the Roses	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Bonk's Revenge	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bonk's Revenge	publisher	NEC
Deus Irae	publisher	Doubleday
Green Lantern: Rebirth	publisher	DC Comics
Forgotten Worlds	publisher	Capcom
Rally Speedway	publisher	Adventure International
Rally Speedway	publisher	Commodore International
Action Biker	publisher	Mastertronic
Guilty Pleasures	publisher	Ace Books
Salmagundi	publisher	Skidmore College
The C++ Programming Language	publisher	Addison–Wesley
Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Novice	publisher	Orbit Books
The Magicians' Guild	publisher	Orbit Books
The High Lord	publisher	ATOM Books
Kung Fu Chaos	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Kung Fu Chaos	publisher	Golden Marvellous Productions
The Last Days of Louisiana Red	publisher	Random House
Catch Me When I Fall	publisher	Michael Joseph
Obake no Q-tarō	publisher	Shogakukan
The Dream Life of Balso Snell	publisher	Contact Editions
Runaways	publisher	Marvel Comics
Broadside	publisher	George Mason University
Basketball	publisher	Atari
Hover Bovver	publisher	Llamasoft
Eddie Kidd Jump Challenge	publisher	Martech
Repetition	publisher	C.A. Reitzel's, Printed by Biance Luno Press
Graham Gooch World Class Cricket	publisher	Audiogenic
Graham Gooch's Test Cricket	publisher	Audiogenic
New York City	publisher	Synapse Software
X-Men: The Official Game	publisher	Activision
Streets of London	publisher	Supersoft
The Heroes Of Karn	publisher	Interceptor Software
Super Pipeline	publisher	Taskset
Kikstart 2	publisher	Mastertronic
The Empire of Karn	publisher	Interceptor Software
The Ghost Pirates	publisher	Stanley Paul
Kindred	publisher	Doubleday
PLOS Genetics	publisher	Public Library of Science
Ice Hockey	publisher	Activision
Bowling	publisher	Atari
Into a Dark Realm	publisher	Voyager Books
Heartfire	publisher	Tor Books
The Clockwork Testament, or Enderby's End	publisher	Hart-Davis, MacGibbon
Enderby Outside	publisher	William Heinemann
Inside Mr. Enderby	publisher	Heinemann
Evil Twin: Cyprien's Chronicles	publisher	Ubisoft
Evil Twin: Cyprien's Chronicles	publisher	BigBen Interactive
Alvin Journeyman	publisher	Tor Books
Dokkoida%3F!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Marquis	publisher	Oni Press
The Marquis	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
B.C. Bill	publisher	Imagine Software
Software Star	publisher	Addictive Games
Potty Pigeon	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
William Wobbler	publisher	Wizard Development
Arc the Lad: Twilight of the Spirits	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Darksaber	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Mephisto	publisher	Querido Verlag
Children of the Jedi	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Loco	publisher	Alligata
Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing	publisher	Da Capo Press
Boxing	publisher	Activision
Star Wars Republic Commando: Triple Zero	publisher	Del Rey Books
The New Rebellion	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Secrets and Lies	publisher	Craig Potton Publishing
Nerf Arena Blast	publisher	Atari Interactive
Inventiones Mathematicae	publisher	Springer Verlag
Airline Tycoon	publisher	Infogrames: Original
Airline Tycoon	publisher	Monte Cristo: First Class, Evolution
Airline Tycoon	publisher	Spellbound: Deluxe for Windows
Airline Tycoon	publisher	RuneSoft: Deluxe for Linux, Mac OS X, ZETA, iOS, Android
Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	publisher	Random House
The Crystal Star	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Asterix & Obelix XXL 2: Mission: Las Vegum	publisher	Atari
Rockstar Games Presents Table Tennis	publisher	Rockstar Games
Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Totally Rad	publisher	Jaleco
Bubble Ghost	publisher	ERE Informatique
Bubble Ghost	publisher	Infogrames
Bubble Ghost	publisher	Accolade
Bubble Ghost	publisher	Pony Canyon
Deadlock II: Shrine Wars	publisher	Accolade
Fishing Derby	publisher	Activision
Jedi Apprentice: The Followers	publisher	Scholastic Press
UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie	publisher	Square Enix
Godlike	publisher	Arc Dream Publishing
Mozaic	publisher	Games Above Board\nSterling Games
Look to the Lady	publisher	Jarrolds Publishing
Look to the Lady	publisher	Doubleday
Portal Runner	publisher	3
Police at the Funeral	publisher	Heinemann
Pedro and Me	publisher	Henry Holt and Company/New York
Atomic Betty	publisher	Atari
Atomic Betty	publisher	Namco
The Yukon Trail	publisher	MECC
Africa Trail	publisher	The Learning Company
Urban Runner	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Crime Wave at Blandings	publisher	The Saturday Evening Post
Crime and Punishment	publisher	Mindscape
Journal of Health Psychology	publisher	Sage Publications
Hes Games	publisher	HESware
Tribulation Force	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
International Cricket Captain	publisher	Empire Interactive
The Institute	publisher	Screenplay
The Black Book	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Woodstock	publisher	Archibald Constable
Woodstock	publisher	Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown and Green
Rags to Riches	publisher	Melody Hall Publishing Corp
Rasterscan	publisher	Mastertronic
A History of God	publisher	Ballantine Books
Chivalry	publisher	Optimum Resource
Big Bang	publisher	HarperCollins
Seven Kingdoms	publisher	Interactive Magic
Big Mutha Truckers	publisher	Empire Interactive
Big Mutha Truckers	publisher	THQ
Big Mutha Truckers	publisher	Destination Software
Big Mutha Truckers	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Big Mutha Truckers	publisher	Spike
Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Chaos Bleeds	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Bionicle: The Game	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bionicle: The Game	publisher	Lego Interactive
Bionicle: The Game	publisher	Feral Interactive
Star Wars Galaxies: The Ruins of Dantooine	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Knight Rider: The Game	publisher	Tri Synergy
Knight Rider: The Game	publisher	Koch Media
Claymore	publisher	Shueisha
Agatha Christie: And Then There Were None	publisher	The Adventure Company
The Death of Jack Hamilton	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Prairie Schooner	publisher	University of Nebraska Press for
Prairie Schooner	publisher	the University of Nebraska–Lincoln
Himal Khabarpatrika	publisher	Kanak Mani Dixit
Hideaway	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Extinction	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Insurrection	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Condemnation	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Annihilation	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Resurrection	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Homeland	publisher	TSR
The Cleric Quintet	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The History of Mr Polly	publisher	Thomas Nelson and Sons
Boxy Boy	publisher	Namco
Fight for Life	publisher	Atari
Emeraldia	publisher	Namco
Rolling Thunder 2	publisher	Namco
Red Scarf Girl	publisher	Harper Collins
The Terminator: Future Shock	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Between Heaven and Hell	publisher	InterVarsity Press
Starless Night	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Passage to Dawn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Spine of the World	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Servant of the Shard	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Road of the Patriarch	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Secret Water	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Chemistry World	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
The Picts and the Martyrs	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Journal of Popular Culture	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
A Glastonbury Romance	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Glastonbury Romance	publisher	The Bodley Head
Dedication	publisher	Orion Publishing
Nature via Nurture	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The House on Maple Street	publisher	Viking Press
Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town	publisher	Tor Books
The End of Faith	publisher	W. W. Norton
Game of Shadows	publisher	Gotham Books
The Black Company	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
The Trench	publisher	Kensington Books
A Tangled Web	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Meg: Primal Waters	publisher	Forge Books
Meg: Hell's Aquarium	publisher	Forge Books
Heroes Die	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED C.E. 73: Stargazer	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Lonely Road	publisher	Heinemann
Lonely Road	publisher	William Morrow
The Black Fleet Crisis	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Supremacy: Your Will Be Done	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Supremacy: Your Will Be Done	publisher	Virgin Games
Kekko Kamen	publisher	Shueisha
Kekko Kamen	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Kekko Kamen	publisher	Kodansha
Final Lap 3	publisher	Namco
Final Lap 2	publisher	Namco
GURPS Traveller: Interstellar Wars	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Mission Omega	publisher	Mind Games
The Highwayman	publisher	CDS books
Ascendance	publisher	The Random House Publishing Group
The Demon Apostle	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mortalis	publisher	Del Rey Books
Trial by Fire	publisher	Code6
The Witch's Daughter	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Blade of Tyshalle	publisher	Del Rey Books
Elemental Masters	publisher	Baen Books
Elemental Masters	publisher	DAW Books
Amber and Iron	publisher	Random House
Magic User's Club	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Magic User's Club	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Adventures of Rad Gravity	publisher	Activision
Shrek!	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Boba Fett: Maze of Deception	publisher	Scholastic Press
Boba Fett: A New Threat	publisher	Scholastic Press
Boba Fett: Hunted	publisher	Scholastic Press
Boba Fett: Pursuit	publisher	Scholastic Press
Mahōjin Guru Guru	publisher	Enix
Warhawk	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Sea of Trolls	publisher	Atheneum Books
Rec	publisher	Shogakukan
Capillaria	publisher	Corvina Press
Ghoul Patrol	publisher	JVC, LucasArts, Victor Entertainment
Commentarii de Bello Civili	publisher	Julius Caesar
Kamichama Karin	publisher	Kodansha
The Rules	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Bugs Bunny: Lost in Time	publisher	Infogrames
Bugs Bunny & Taz: Time Busters	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
The Cat Who Turned On and Off	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Zuma	publisher	PopCap Games
Zuma	publisher	Glu Mobile
Alcahest	publisher	Square
Super Monkey Ball Adventure	publisher	Sega
The Laughing Corpse	publisher	Ace Books
Slash	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Slash	publisher	Image Comics
Rumble Roses XX	publisher	Konami
Narbacular Drop	publisher	DigiPen Institute of Technology
Gunhawks	publisher	Marvel Comics
13 Alabama Ghosts and Jeffrey	publisher	Strode Publishers
Boppin'	publisher	Karmasoft
Boppin'	publisher	Apogee Software
Sega GT 2002	publisher	Sega
Imaro	publisher	Daw books  \nNight Shade Books
Dungeons of Daggorath	publisher	Tandy Corporation
Nicola	publisher	Shinchosha
Flannelled Fool	publisher	Alan Ross
Pediatric Research	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Neonatology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Bang! Howdy	publisher	Three Rings Design
The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Dam Busters	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Dam Busters	publisher	Accolade
The Dam Busters	publisher	Coleco Industries
Journal of Economic Perspectives	publisher	American Economic Association
Journal of Economic Literature	publisher	American Economic Association
The Philosophical Review	publisher	Duke University Press
Econometric Theory	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Studies in Modern Horror	publisher	Seele Brennt Publications
Machi	publisher	Chunsoft
The Quest for Cush	publisher	DAW books  \nNight Shade Books
Luckey Quarter	publisher	Philtrum Press
Kamikaze	publisher	Kodansha
The Trail of Bohu	publisher	Daw books  \nSword and Soul Media
Kita e	publisher	Wani Books
Virtua Tennis 3	publisher	Sega
Pastel	publisher	Kodansha
The Taking	publisher	Bantam Books
Locked in Time	publisher	Little Brown
Open Skies, Closed Minds	publisher	Overlook Press
Black Empire	publisher	Pittsburgh Courier
Titan Quest	publisher	THQ
Titan Quest	publisher	THQ Nordic
The Assault	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon	publisher	Grove Press
Ultimate Block Party	publisher	MagicPot , Conspiracy Entertainment
NBA Jam 2000	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Go Ask Malice	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Sunnydale High Yearbook	publisher	Pocket Books
The Last Avengers Story	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Hive	publisher	Del Rey Books
Velocity	publisher	Bantam Books
The Decatur Daily	publisher	Barrett C. \
A Forest Apart	publisher	Del Rey Books
Coruscant Nights	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mythago Wood	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Scooby-Doo! Unmasked	publisher	THQ
Bee 52	publisher	Camerica
Doyle: Spotlight	publisher	IDW Publishing
World Club Champion Football	publisher	Sega
Historical Atlas of the World	publisher	Barnes & Noble
Back Track	publisher	Telegames
Bomberman Tournament	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bomberman Tournament	publisher	Activision
Black Dawn	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Lavondyss	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Rockin' Kats	publisher	Atlus
Because the Night	publisher	The Mysterious Press
Blood on the Moon	publisher	The Mysterious Press
The Four-Chambered Heart	publisher	Duell, Sloan and Pearce
Shadows in Flight	publisher	Tor Books
Wise Men	publisher	Reagan Arthur Books
The Secret Hour	publisher	EOS Books
God of War II	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Might as Well Be Dead	publisher	Viking Press
Dr. Muto	publisher	Midway Games
The Berlin Raids	publisher	Viking, Cassell
The Battle of Hamburg	publisher	Charles Scribner's sons
Amber Trilogy	publisher	Thalion Software
My Brother	publisher	Quaid-i-Azam Academy
Behind the Paint	publisher	Psychopathic Records
Simon and the Witch	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Great War: Breakthroughs	publisher	Del Rey Books
Rugrats in Paris: The Movie	publisher	THQ
Power: A New Social Analysis	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Buffyverse role-playing games	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
Crashing the Gate	publisher	Chelsea Green
The Looking Glass Wars	publisher	Dial
Oh No It Isn't!	publisher	Virgin Books
James Bond 007	publisher	Victory Games
The Silent Speaker	publisher	Viking Press
Voodoo Vince	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The New Journalism	publisher	Harper & Row
Toki Tori	publisher	Two Tribes B.V., Capcom, AIM Productions, Chillingo,
Northwestern University Law Review	publisher	Northwestern University School of Law
British Journal of Cancer	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
American Scientist	publisher	Sigma Xi
Mario Party 8	publisher	Nintendo
My Name Is Red	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Divorcing Jack	publisher	UK Harper Collins
Divorcing Jack	publisher	USA  Arcade
Destruction Derby 2	publisher	Psygnosis
Dragon's Egg	publisher	Del Rey Books
Murphy's World	publisher	Peregrine Creative Services
Cyberbots: Full Metal Madness	publisher	Capcom
Charlotte Sometimes	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Charlotte Sometimes	publisher	Harcourt
Spider-Man 2: The Sinister Six	publisher	Activision
The Clayhanger Family	publisher	Egmont Books
Analytical Chemistry	publisher	ACS Publications
Baldur's Gate	publisher	Black Isle Studios
Baldur's Gate	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Beyond the Sun	publisher	Virgin Books
Walking to Babylon	publisher	Virgin Books
Birthright	publisher	Virgin Books
Just War	publisher	Virgin Books
Heros: The Sanguine Seven	publisher	Jeffrey Fullerton
Heros: The Sanguine Seven	publisher	Safari Software
Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment	publisher	Little, Brown
Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment	publisher	Headline
Shane	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Last Enchantment	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Last Enchantment	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Planet X	publisher	Pocket Books
Capeta	publisher	Kodansha
Chūka Ichiban!	publisher	Kodansha
Cleopatra DC	publisher	Scholar Publishing
Princess Comet	publisher	Shueisha
Crying Freeman	publisher	Shogakukan
Golden Axe II	publisher	Sega
Cooking Papa	publisher	Kodansha
Cluster Edge	publisher	Hakusensha
The Golden Spiders	publisher	Viking Press
Damekko Dōbutsu	publisher	Takeshobo
Too Many Cooks	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Desert Punk	publisher	Enterbrain
The Dark Room	publisher	Eyre
The Shell Seekers	publisher	Thorndike Press
Dust to Dust	publisher	Bantam Books
Viva Piñata	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Samurai Warrior: The Battles of Usagi Yojimbo	publisher	Telecomsoft
Last Bronx	publisher	Sega
Dungeon Siege: Throne of Agony	publisher	2
The Child of the Cavern	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Dungeon Siege II: Broken World	publisher	2
Antique Bakery	publisher	Shinshokan
The Avengers: United They Stand	publisher	Marvel Comics
History of Hindu–Christian Encounters, AD 304 to 1996	publisher	Voice of India
The Doorbell Rang	publisher	Viking Press
Musashi	publisher	Asahi Shimbun
Understanding Islam through Hadis	publisher	Arvind Ghosh
Harvard Journal of Law & Technology	publisher	Harvard Law School
I.O.N	publisher	Shueisha
Billions and Billions	publisher	Ballantine Publishing Group
The Caged Virgin	publisher	Free Press
Binchō-tan	publisher	Gakken
Binchō-tan	publisher	Mag Garden
Spy High	publisher	Atom Books
Pediatrics	publisher	American Academy of Pediatrics
Bejeweled 2	publisher	PopCap Games
Bejeweled 2	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Bejeweled 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
The President Vanishes	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Bad for Business	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Bad for Business	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Number9dream	publisher	Sceptre
Bomb Bee	publisher	Namco
Black Swan Green	publisher	Random House
Cutie Q	publisher	Namco
Murder in E Minor	publisher	Bantam Books
Revolting Rhymes	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Swan Song	publisher	Pocket Books
Honk	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Colleges That Change Lives	publisher	Penguin Books
Oxford German Studies	publisher	Maney Publishing
Modern Language Review	publisher	Modern Humanities Research Association
The Japanese Economic Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Budding Prospects	publisher	Viking Press
MLB 06: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Van	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Steampunk	publisher	Cliffhanger
Steampunk	publisher	Wildstorm Comics
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Vegas	publisher	Ubisoft
Beasts and Bumpkins	publisher	Electronic Arts
Black Lagoon	publisher	Shogakukan
The Rise of Silas Lapham	publisher	Ticknor and Company
Black Sun Rising	publisher	DAW Books
When True Night Falls	publisher	DAW Books
The White Tower	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
The Great Escape	publisher	Ocean Software
Turbo Esprit	publisher	Durell Software
The Movies: Stunts & Effects	publisher	Activision
The Movies: Stunts & Effects	publisher	Feral Interactive,
The Last Enemy	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Die Burger	publisher	Naspers
Rule of the Bone	publisher	HarperCollins
Dragons' Wrath	publisher	Virgin Books
Revs	publisher	Acornsoft
Revs	publisher	Firebird
Revs	publisher	Superior Software
Backyard Wrestling: Don't Try This at Home	publisher	Eidos Interactive
A Northern Light	publisher	Harcourt
Acorna's People	publisher	HarperCollins
Star Wars Racer Revenge	publisher	LucasArts
Zapper: One Wicked Cricket	publisher	Infogrames
Aerial Assault	publisher	Sega
The Trap Door	publisher	Piranha Games
Blaster Master 2	publisher	Sunsoft
S.T.U.N. Runner	publisher	Atari Games
Twisted Metal III	publisher	989
Stumbling on Happiness	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Wild Woody	publisher	Sega of America
Laughing Target	publisher	Shogakukan
The Beatrice Letters	publisher	HarperCollins
Lamune	publisher	Paradigm
Lamune	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Lamune	publisher	Megami Bunko
Act of War: High Treason	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Standing for Something	publisher	Random House
After the Bomb	publisher	Palladium Books
Frank Herbert's Dune	publisher	Widescreen Games
Frank Herbert's Dune	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Civilization IV: Warlords	publisher	2
Civilization IV: Warlords	publisher	Aspyr
Street Racing Syndicate	publisher	Namco
The Case of the Late Pig	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The 13 Clocks	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bones of the Moon	publisher	Century Press
Zero Gunner 2	publisher	Psikyo
Two Years' Vacation	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Indiana Jones and His Desktop Adventures	publisher	LucasArts
Dark Rift	publisher	Vic Tokai
Ultimate Power	publisher	Marvel Comics
Road Hogs	publisher	Palladium Books
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Guide to the Universe	publisher	Palladium Books
Delhi: A Novel	publisher	Penguin Books India Ltd
Fable II	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Tau Zero	publisher	Doubleday
ZeroZone	publisher	R&P Electronic Media
Niyogi Committee Report on Christian Missionary Activities	publisher	Sonya]]
How I Became a Hindu	publisher	Voice of India
MC Groovz Dance Craze	publisher	Mad Catz
OnEscapee	publisher	Sadeness Software
Shoot the Bullet	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Phantasmagoria of Flower View	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Big Planet	publisher	Avalon Books
War in Middle Earth	publisher	Melbourne House
Shrek 2	publisher	Activision
History of Dianetics	publisher	Hermitage House
X-Men II: The Fall of the Mutants	publisher	Paragon Software
Mutants Down Under	publisher	Palladium Books
Fullmetal Alchemist 3: Kami o Tsugu Shōjo	publisher	Square Enix
Expendable	publisher	Eos Books
Kamasutra	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Äripäev	publisher	AS Äripäev
Ayodhya and After: Issues Before Hindu Society	publisher	Voice of Dharma
Two Worlds	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Two Worlds	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Ankh	publisher	BHV Software
The Hedgehog and the Fox	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Shadow of Yesterday	publisher	CRN Games
Arthur to Astaroth no Nazomakaimura: Incredible Toons	publisher	Capcom
Quest for Glory: So You Want to Be a Hero	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Asimov's Biographical Encyclopedia of Science and Technology	publisher	Doubleday
The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Canvas 2: Niji Iro no Sketch	publisher	Enterbrain
Canvas 2: Niji Iro no Sketch	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Scooby-Doo! Night of 100 Frights	publisher	THQ
Performink	publisher	Jason Epperson
Twilight	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Halo: Ghosts of Onyx	publisher	Tor Books
Super Play Action Football	publisher	Nintendo
Rugby 06	publisher	EA Sports
Rambo	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Age of Empires: The Age of Kings	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Battle for Germany	publisher	Simulations Publications
Automatic Kafka	publisher	Wildstorm
Exvania	publisher	Namco
Batman: Nine Lives	publisher	DC Comics
Manalive	publisher	John Lane
The Place of Dead Roads	publisher	Viking Press
The Western Lands	publisher	Viking Press
Left Behind	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Zoo Tycoon DS	publisher	THQ
Texas	publisher	Random House
Point Blank	publisher	DC Comics
Point Blank	publisher	Wildstorm
CivCity: Rome	publisher	2
The Monarchy	publisher	WildStorm
Pharos-Tribune	publisher	Robyn McCloskey
The Whole Family	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Unconsoled	publisher	Faber and Faber
Big Pharma	publisher	Constable
The Face of the Waters	publisher	Grafton
Fire Time	publisher	Doubleday
The Werewolf of Paris	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Gore: Ultimate Soldier	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Interlopers	publisher	Ace Books
Otogi: Myth of Demons	publisher	Sega
The Book of Night with Moon	publisher	Warner Aspect
Thank You for Smoking	publisher	Random House
Magical Chase	publisher	Quest Corporation
Battlefield 2142	publisher	Electronic Arts
Living Game	publisher	Shogakukan
Magnetica	publisher	Nintendo
Neverwinter Nights	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
From Eroica with Love	publisher	Akita Shoten
GURPS In Nomine	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Spitfire	publisher	Marvel Comics
Morpheus	publisher	Piranha Interactive Publishing
Morpheus	publisher	Tiburon Interactive Publishing
Fallen Angels	publisher	Marvel Comics
Panty Raider: From Here to Immaturity	publisher	Simon & Schuster Interactive
MechAssault: Phantom War	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Tick! Tack!	publisher	Navel
Tick! Tack!	publisher	MangaGamer
17	publisher	Akita Shoten
Snow	publisher	İletişim
Once Upon a Time	publisher	Atlas Games
Marine	publisher	Berkley Books
Kobolds Ate My Baby!	publisher	Dork Storm Press
Kobolds Ate My Baby!	publisher	9
The High Timber Times	publisher	Evergreen Newspapers
Amber: Journeys Beyond	publisher	Hue Forest Entertainment
Amber: Journeys Beyond	publisher	Cendant
Amber: Journeys Beyond	publisher	Changeling
Amber: Journeys Beyond	publisher	Graphic Simulations Corporation
Broca's Brain	publisher	Random House
Babylon 5: The Shadow Within	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Tale of Ginger and Pickles	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Almanac	publisher	Observer Publishing Company
Dirt Fox	publisher	Namco
Teku-Teku Mappy	publisher	Namco
Starglider	publisher	Rainbird
The Custody of the Pumpkin	publisher	The Saturday Evening Post
The Celestial Omnibus	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
The Eternal Moment	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Lord Emsworth Acts for the Best	publisher	Strand Magazine
Pig-hoo-o-o-o-ey	publisher	Liberty
Odes et Ballades	publisher	Hector Bossange
The Promise	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
He's Just Not That Into You	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
The Tale of Tom Kitten	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Book of Longing	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Tailor of Gloucester	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Wonder Pets	publisher	2
Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs	publisher	Macsoft
Cat's Eye	publisher	Shueisha
Cat's Eye	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
COPS	publisher	DC Comics
Chandrakanta	publisher	Lehri Book Depot, Varanasi, India
The Tale of Mr. Tod	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Wild Life	publisher	Shogakukan
Company for Gertrude	publisher	Strand Magazine
The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond	publisher	Cassell
The Go-getter	publisher	Cosmopolitan
Wildcore	publisher	Wildstorm
Wildcore	publisher	Image Comics
From Far Away	publisher	Hakusensha
Infected	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
European Psychologist	publisher	Hogrefe Publishing
Ernesto	publisher	Einaudi
Sniper Elite	publisher	Reef Entertainment
Sniper Elite	publisher	MC2-Microïds
Sniper Elite	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Money Idol Exchanger	publisher	SNK
Circus of the Damned	publisher	Ace Books
The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass	publisher	Nintendo
Bratpack	publisher	King Hell Press
Generation M	publisher	Marvel Comics
Pro Pinball: Timeshock!	publisher	Empire Interactive
The Mermaid Chair	publisher	Viking Press
Pen Pen TriIcelon	publisher	Infogrames
Rex Mundi	publisher	Image Comics
Rex Mundi	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Alchemy	publisher	PopCap Games
The Theory of Money and Credit	publisher	Jonathan Cape
If You Could See Me Now	publisher	HarperCollins
One Must Fall: Battlegrounds	publisher	Diversions Publishing
One Must Fall: Battlegrounds	publisher	Trisynergy Inc.
One Must Fall: Battlegrounds	publisher	GMX Media
One Must Fall: Battlegrounds	publisher	Manaccom
MechCommander 2	publisher	Microsoft
The Immortal	publisher	Electronic Arts
Chronicles of the Sword	publisher	Psygnosis
In the Heart of the Country	publisher	Harper & Row
In the Heart of the Country	publisher	Harvill Secker
Taj Mahal	publisher	Alea
Taj Mahal	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Amun-Re	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Amun-Re	publisher	Hans im Glück
Amun-Re	publisher	999
Super World Court	publisher	Namco
Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend	publisher	Liberty
Heart	publisher	BMJ Group
Digimon Adventure V-Tamer 01	publisher	Shueisha
Digimon Next	publisher	Shueisha
The Curse of Lono	publisher	Bantam Books
An Australian Grammar	publisher	Stephens and Stokes
Shantae	publisher	Capcom
The Zap Gun	publisher	Pyramid Books
Gyōten Ningen Batseelor	publisher	Kodansha
The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality	publisher	Van Nostrand, Liberty Fund, Ludwig von Mises Institute
The Squares of the City	publisher	Ballantine Books
Ginger Pye	publisher	Harcourt Brace & World
Beyond the Spectrum	publisher	Digit
Truckin' Turtles	publisher	Palladium Books
The Glass Cafe	publisher	Random House
Belles on Their Toes	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Belles on Their Toes	publisher	Heinemann
1633	publisher	Baen Books
Awakenings	publisher	Duckworth & Co., 1973
Awakenings	publisher	Pelican, 1976
Awakenings	publisher	Picador, 1991, 2006, 2010
Seola	publisher	Lee and Shepard
Seola	publisher	Charles T. Dillingham
The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby	publisher	Scholastic
Tokimeki Memorial 2	publisher	Konami
Fallout	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Calcutta Chromosome	publisher	Picador
The Taqwacores	publisher	Soft Skull Press  Telegram , Newton Compton
Wing Commander: Armada	publisher	Electronic Arts
Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier	publisher	Heritage Models
Executive Travel	publisher	Time Inc.
Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans	publisher	Virgin Books
The Changing of the Guard	publisher	Scholastic Press
Saint Sinner	publisher	Razorline
Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple	publisher	Shogakukan
Trio for Blunt Instruments	publisher	Viking Press
Stormbreaker	publisher	Walker Books
Tactics	publisher	Avalon Hill
Darkwing	publisher	HarperCollins
Doom RPG	publisher	JAMDAT Mobile
Far as Human Eye Could See	publisher	Doubleday
The Subatomic Monster	publisher	Doubleday
Fact and Fancy	publisher	Doubleday
Chō Kuse ni Narisō	publisher	Kodansha
Fujimi Orchestra	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Hiwou War Chronicles	publisher	Kodansha
Ice Age 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Ice Age 2	publisher	Fox Interactive
Ice Age 2	publisher	Vivendi Games
Geobreeders	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Geobreeders	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Three for the Chair	publisher	Viking Press
Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak	publisher	Nintendo
Supercar Street Challenge	publisher	Activision
The Knight of the Sacred Lake	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Princess of Dhagabad	publisher	Herodias
Fade to Black	publisher	Bantam Books
Video Olympics	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Half Moon Investigations	publisher	Miramax Books
Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded	publisher	Messrs Rivington & Osborn
Galaxy 5000	publisher	Activision
French Historical Studies	publisher	Duke University Press
Telegraph-Journal	publisher	James K. Irving
Legends of Might and Magic	publisher	3
The Torture Garden	publisher	Fasquelle
Death of a Ghost	publisher	Heinemann
Grihshobha	publisher	Delhi Press
The Gate of Time	publisher	Belmont Books
D-Force	publisher	Asmik
Rogue in Space	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Enemy Nations	publisher	Head Games Publishing
The French Revolution: A History	publisher	Chapman & Hall
The French Revolution: A History	publisher	London
Monster Rancher EVO	publisher	Tecmo
Again to Carthage	publisher	Breakaway Books
Time Gal	publisher	Taito
A March to Madness	publisher	Back Bay Books
Superior Saturday	publisher	U.S:Scholastic Press, U.K: HarperCollins Children's Books,\n\nAUS: Allen & Unwin
Lord Sunday	publisher	Allen & Unwin
They Were Eleven	publisher	Shogakukan
Spellbinder	publisher	Superior Software
Spellbinder	publisher	Acornsoft
Syncron	publisher	Superior Software
Syncron	publisher	Blue Ribbon
Before Midnight	publisher	Viking Press
The Black Mountain	publisher	Viking Press
Morning Star	publisher	Frederick Muller
Apollyon	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
EverQuest II: East	publisher	Gamania
The Fall	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Cybertron Mission	publisher	Micro Power
Fallout 3	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Everyone in Silico	publisher	No Media Kings
The Evil Dead	publisher	Palace Software
Elektra and Wolverine: The Redeemer	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Firethorn	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Offshore	publisher	HarperCollins
Ozma Wars	publisher	SNK Playmore
Voice of the Fire	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
NHL Hitz 2003	publisher	Midway Games
Big Brain Academy	publisher	Nintendo
Dark Ages: Inquisitor	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Punk Rock Confidential	publisher	Fat Mike
Crossroads to Islam	publisher	Prometheus Books
Evil Dead: Hail to the King	publisher	THQ
Sadamitsu the Destroyer	publisher	Shueisha
An Act of Terror	publisher	Summit Books
Transportation Law Journal	publisher	Sturm College of Law
Transportation Law Journal	publisher	University of Denver
Amazing X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Castle	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Hell to Pay	publisher	Little Brown
Above the Veil	publisher	Scholastic Press
WARS Trading Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
Aenir	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Maze	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Maze	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Creamy Mami, the Magic Angel	publisher	Kodansha
Miami Guns	publisher	Kodansha
Moldiver	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Cuthbert Goes Walkabout	publisher	Microdeal
Maris the Chojo	publisher	Shogakukan
City of Joy	publisher	Arrow
Hard Nova	publisher	Electronic Arts
Madara	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight	publisher	Shueisha
Creatures II: Torture Trouble	publisher	Thalamus Ltd
Alta	publisher	DAW Books
Joust	publisher	DAW Books
Evil, Inc.	publisher	Archway Paperbacks
The Violet Keystone	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Into Battle	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dead on Target	publisher	Archway Paperback
Creatures	publisher	Thalamus Ltd
Miracle Girls	publisher	Kodansha
Talanta	publisher	Elsevier
Papuwa	publisher	Square Enix
1634: The Ram Rebellion	publisher	Baen Books
Rumic Theater	publisher	Shogakukan
Ruin Explorers	publisher	Hobby Japan
Cybernoid	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Summa Technologiae	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
Cult of Crime	publisher	Archway Paperbacks
The Gospel of Filth	publisher	FAB Press
Centurion: Defender of Rome	publisher	Electronic Arts
Space Fury	publisher	Gremlin Industries
The Sword and The Flame	publisher	And That's The Way It Was..., Yaquinto Publications
Border Country	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Magellanic Cloud	publisher	Iskry
Losing You	publisher	Michael Joseph Ltd
Farewell Summer	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hangman's Curse	publisher	Thomas Nelson
East vs. West: Berlin 1948	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Sakura Diaries	publisher	Shogakukan
Laurie Keller	publisher	Henry Holt Books for Young Readers
Twin Spica	publisher	Media Factory
Dragonology: The Complete Book of Dragons	publisher	Templar Publishing
Dragonology: The Complete Book of Dragons	publisher	Candlewick Press
Saint Jack	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Egyptology: Search for the Tomb of Osiris	publisher	Templar Publishing
Egyptology: Search for the Tomb of Osiris	publisher	Candlewick Press
Savrola	publisher	Longman, Green and Co.
Fluid Phase Equilibria	publisher	Elsevier
A Boy's Own Story	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Raiders of the Lost Car Park	publisher	Doubleday
Trade Empires	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Trade Empires	publisher	Eidos Interactive
What Happened to Mr. Forster%3F	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Herald Democrat	publisher	Nate Rodriguez\nheadquarters = 603 So.Sam Rayburn Fwy.,
The Herald Democrat	publisher	Sherman, Texas 75090
She and Her Cat	publisher	Kodansha
Super Aleste	publisher	Toho
Real Simple	publisher	Time Inc.
The Noah Conspiracy	publisher	Mcgraw-Hill
Higurashi When They Cry	publisher	Square Enix
Higurashi When They Cry	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Higurashi When They Cry	publisher	Kodansha Box
Winds of Fury	publisher	DAW Books
Horrible Geography	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
World Game	publisher	BBC Books
Spiral Scratch	publisher	BBC Books
Adiamante	publisher	Tor Books
Getsumento Heiki Mina	publisher	MediaWorks
The Land of Foam	publisher	Foreign Languages Publishing House  - English
The Wicked Day	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Middle East Quarterly	publisher	Middle East Forum
The Ruins of Ambrai	publisher	DAW
The Mageborn Traitor	publisher	DAW
Kid Icarus: Of Myths and Monsters	publisher	Nintendo
Al Unser Jr.'s Road to the Top	publisher	Mindscape
Super Bomberman 3	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Face of the Enemy	publisher	BBC Books
Countdown	publisher	Access Software
Rock Star Ate My Hamster	publisher	Codemasters
Dead Rush	publisher	Activision
Tekken Card Challenge	publisher	Namco
Many Moons	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Dzur	publisher	Tor Books
Teckla	publisher	Ace Books
The Devil Goblins from Neptune	publisher	BBC Books
SoltyRei	publisher	Ichijinsha
Panzer Leader	publisher	Avalon Hill
Dead or Alive Xtreme 2	publisher	Tecmo
Uchuu Race: Astro Go! Go!	publisher	Meldac
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007	publisher	THQ
The Tigers of Mompracem	publisher	ROH Press
The Tigers of Mompracem	publisher	Donath
The Pirates of Malaysia	publisher	ROH Press
The Pirates of Malaysia	publisher	Donath
The Shadow Lines	publisher	Ravi Dayal Publishers
World War II Combat: Road to Berlin	publisher	Groove Games
City of the Beasts	publisher	Rayo
The Combatribes	publisher	Technos Japan Corp.
Operation Secret Storm	publisher	Color Dreams
The King of Rally	publisher	Meldac
Abduction!	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Parasite Eve	publisher	Vertical, Inc.
Oh Canada! Oh Quebec!	publisher	Penguin Books Canada
Excalibur	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Murder Game	publisher	BBC Books
The Ultimate Treasure	publisher	BBC Books
The Legacy: Realm of Terror	publisher	MicroProse
Horsemen of the Esophagus	publisher	Crown Publishers
The Tomorrow Windows	publisher	BBC Books
Festival of Death	publisher	BBC Books
Never the Same Again	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
A Son Called Gabriel	publisher	CDS Books
Lula 3D	publisher	cdv Software Entertainment
The World of Normal Boys	publisher	Kensington Books
Ekaterina	publisher	Harcourt
Dream Children	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Fourth of June	publisher	Anthony Blond
Anachrophobia	publisher	BBC Books
Lord Dismiss Us	publisher	Heinemann
Iron Helix	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte
John Barleycorn	publisher	The Century Company
Kindred	publisher	Image
Kindred	publisher	DC Comics
Technician Ted	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Nature Chemical Biology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Memories and Portraits	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Empire of Glass	publisher	Virgin Books
Jhereg	publisher	Ace Books
Ironwood	publisher	Eros Comix
New York Amsterdam News	publisher	Elinor Tatum
Lakota Woman	publisher	Grove Weidenfeld
Star Trek	publisher	Sega
War Picture Library	publisher	IPC Media
War Picture Library	publisher	Fleetway
I, Q	publisher	Pocket Books
Business Unusual	publisher	BBC Books
Icon	publisher	Bantam Press
Illegal Alien	publisher	BBC Books
Super Professional Baseball II	publisher	Jaleco
This Earth of Mankind	publisher	Hasta Mitra
Waiting for Godalming	publisher	Doubleday
The Roundheads	publisher	BBC Books
Kurt Warner's Arena Football Unleashed	publisher	Midway Games
Merchant of Venus	publisher	Avalon Hill
The Curse of Capistrano	publisher	All-Story Weekly
The Curse of Capistrano	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Kaze to Ki no Uta	publisher	Shogakukan
Child of the Dark Prophecy	publisher	Philomel Books
ESPN Baseball Tonight	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Terre Haute	publisher	Gay Men's Press
Sukia	publisher	Edifumetto
Vatta's War	publisher	Del Rey Books
Vatta's War	publisher	Orbit Books
Lego Racers	publisher	Lego Media
Battle Gear 3	publisher	Taito Corporation
Starfleet Voyages	publisher	Terra Games Company
Zero Patrol	publisher	Continuity Comics
Fighting Beauty Wulong	publisher	Shogakukan
G.I. Joe: Cobra Strike	publisher	Parker Brothers
G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor	publisher	Capcom
The Company	publisher	Penguin Books
Coronet	publisher	David A. Smart 1936 to 1961
The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster	publisher	Villard Books
Apocalypse Meow	publisher	Softbank Publishing
The Acceptance World	publisher	Heinemann
At Lady Molly's	publisher	Heinemann
The Kindly Ones	publisher	Heinemann
Transformers: Super-God Masterforce	publisher	Kodansha
The Deathlord of Ixia	publisher	Berkley Books
$pread	publisher	The Feminist Press
Star Science Fiction Stories No.3	publisher	Ballantine Books
Puss 'n Boots: Pero's Great Adventure	publisher	Electro Brain
Ilsa	publisher	Vanguard Press
Sacrifice	publisher	Del Rey Books
Exile	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Science Fiction Stories No.2	publisher	Ballantine Books
Smirt	publisher	Robert M. McBride
Palatinate	publisher	Durham Students' Union
Maico 2010	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Nightfall	publisher	Altor Systems
Lady into Fox	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Microbe Magazine	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Journal of Virology	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
The Wandering Fire	publisher	Collins Canada
The Bridge over the River Kwai	publisher	Julliard
Doctor Zhivago	publisher	Feltrinelli , Pantheon Books
Return from the Stars	publisher	Czytelnik
Return from the Stars	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The House of the Seven Gables	publisher	Ticknor and Fields
Love Mode	publisher	Biblos
The Silence of the Lambs	publisher	St. Martin's Press
No Shame, No Fear	publisher	Walker Books
Forged in the Fire	publisher	Walker Books
Eye of Heaven	publisher	BBC Books
Ghost Talker's Daydream	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tales of the Zombie	publisher	Curtis Magazines
The Hollow Men	publisher	BBC Books
Bubba 'n' Stix	publisher	Tengen
The Duel: Test Drive II	publisher	Accolade
Crusher Joe	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Scottish Journal of Political Economy	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Small Business Economics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Witch Hunters	publisher	BBC Books
Last of the Gaderene	publisher	BBC Books
Catastrophea	publisher	BBC Books
Critical Chain	publisher	North River Press
Mission: Impractical	publisher	BBC Books
The Inheritors	publisher	Faber & Faber
When Jonathan Died	publisher	Gay Men's Press
The Social Construction of Reality	publisher	Anchor Books
Marrow	publisher	Tor Books
The Louisville Times	publisher	Barry Bingham to April 1986;
The Louisville Times	publisher	--02-14
The Forgotten Realms Archives	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Taito Legends 2	publisher	Square Enix
Taito Legends 2	publisher	Empire Interactive
Taito Legends 2	publisher	Destineer
Strahl	publisher	Pioneer Productions
Strahl	publisher	Panasonic
Rampage: Total Destruction	publisher	Midway Games
Out of Gas	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
Champions of Krynn	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Quantum Theology	publisher	Crossroad Publishing Company
Plainsong	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Voodoo Plot	publisher	Wanderer Books
Zeta Major	publisher	BBC Books
The Immoralist	publisher	Mercure de France
The Immoralist	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Immoralist	publisher	Vintage Books
Iron Heroes	publisher	Fiery Dragon Productions
Timewyrm: Genesys	publisher	Virgin Books
Dragon Ball Z: Legendary Super Warriors	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Dragon Ball Z: Legendary Super Warriors	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Elasund	publisher	Kosmos
Elasund	publisher	Mayfair Games
Luna	publisher	Little, Brown
Mission to Magnus	publisher	Target Books
Brides	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
The Lifted Veil	publisher	Blackwood's Magazine
True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny	publisher	Bantam Books
Napple Tale: Arsia in Daydream	publisher	Sega
Countdown to Doom	publisher	Acornsoft
Countdown to Doom	publisher	Topologika
The Middle East Journal	publisher	Middle East Institute
Dust Devils	publisher	Chimera Creative
The Temple of Dawn	publisher	Shinchosha  & Alfred A. Knopf
Dreams of Empire	publisher	BBC Books
The Final Sanction	publisher	BBC Books
Black Water	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dying in the Sun	publisher	BBC Books
Combat Rock	publisher	BBC Books
Cold Mountain	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
The Redwall Cookbook	publisher	Philomel
Toys	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Super Bases Loaded 2	publisher	Jaleco
Dream TV	publisher	Triffix
Mens Sana Monographs	publisher	Medknow Publications
The Legendary Starfy	publisher	Shogakukan
Polaroids from the Dead	publisher	HarperCollins Canada
Slam City with Scottie Pippen	publisher	Digital Pictures
Caedmon's Song	publisher	Viking Press
The Colony of Lies	publisher	BBC Books
Castle of Riddles	publisher	Acornsoft
Saboteur	publisher	Durell Software
The Tower SP	publisher	Sega
The Tower SP	publisher	Nintendo
Solar Crusade	publisher	Infogrames
Crimson Sea	publisher	Koei
How It Was with Dooms	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Understanding Physics	publisher	Walker and Company
Loveless	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Raven's Gate	publisher	Walker Books
Minnesota Law Review	publisher	University of Minnesota Law School
Law and Inequality	publisher	University of Minnesota Law School
Justice League Quarterly	publisher	DC Comics
Death Knights of Krynn	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Dark Queen of Krynn	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Agaju: The Sacred Path of Treasure	publisher	Gizmondo
The Riders	publisher	Macmillan
Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam	publisher	Activision
Future Tactics: The Uprising	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Future Tactics: The Uprising	publisher	JoWood Productions
Hai Bangalore	publisher	Ravi Belagere
The Night of Wenceslas	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Night of Wenceslas	publisher	Harper & Row
World in Conflict	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Touching from a Distance	publisher	Faber and Faber
Superman and Batman: World's Funnest	publisher	DC Comics
Memoirs of Many in One	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Kawasaki Caribbean Challenge	publisher	GameTek
Harbinger	publisher	Pocket Books
WWF WrestleMania	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Pro Pinball: Big Race USA	publisher	Empire Interactive
Nature Nanotechnology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Nature Photonics	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
White Mughals	publisher	Penguin Books
The Third Wave: Democratization in the Late Twentieth Century	publisher	University of Oklahoma Press
Ratchet & Clank: Going Mobile	publisher	Sony Pictures Mobile
Avoidance	publisher	Graywolf Press
Pepper's Adventures in Time	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Fade	publisher	Delacorte Press
Banshee	publisher	Core Design
Oscar	publisher	Flair Software
Oscar	publisher	Titus Software (  )
The X-Files: Resist or Serve	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The X-Files: Resist or Serve	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Dream Boy	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill
Carnivorous Plant Newsletter	publisher	International Carnivorous Plant Society
Jinty	publisher	IPC Media
Jinty	publisher	Fleetway
The Decay of the Angel	publisher	Shinchosha
The Decay of the Angel	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
America	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Conflict	publisher	Vic Tokai
Punk Farm	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Point Blanc	publisher	Walker Books
The Possibility of an Island	publisher	Knopf
Superman: Shadow of Apokolips	publisher	Infogrames
Ballad of a Shinigami	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ballad of a Shinigami	publisher	Hakusensha
The Matarese Countdown	publisher	Bantam Books
Administrative Science Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University
Super Cars	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Ren & Stimpy: Stimpy's Invention	publisher	Sega
Pictionary	publisher	LJN
Pro Moves Soccer	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
Drakan: The Ancients' Gates	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Forbidden Kingdoms	publisher	OtherWorld Creations
The Last of the Jedi: The Desperate Mission	publisher	Scholastic Press
Eric, or, Little by Little	publisher	Adam & Charles Black, Edinburgh and London.
Naval War College Review	publisher	Naval War College
SpyHunter	publisher	Midway Games
Path to Truth	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Way of the Apprentice	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Trail of the Jedi	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Dangerous Games	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Master of Disguise	publisher	Scholastic Press
The School of Fear	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Demon Awakens	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Shadow Trap	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Demon Spirit	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Moment of Truth	publisher	Scholastic Press
The False Peace	publisher	Scholastic Press
Parsec	publisher	Texas Instruments
The Final Showdown	publisher	Scholastic Press
Caramelo	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
World Driver Championship	publisher	Midway Games
SpyHunter 2	publisher	Midway Games
Timelords	publisher	Blacksburg Tactical Research Center
How Opal Mehta Got Kissed, Got Wild, and Got a Life	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Spider-Man 3	publisher	Activision
The Good Witch of the West	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
The Good Witch of the West	publisher	Mag Garden
Dragon Fist	publisher	Shinshokan
Troy Aikman NFL Football	publisher	Tradewest
TNN Outdoors Bass Tournament '96	publisher	ASC Games
The Man of Steel	publisher	DC Comics
GQ Australia	publisher	Condé Nast
Obsessed	publisher	WestBow Press
Renkin 3-kyū Magical%3F Pokān	publisher	MediaWorks
Jordan vs. Bird: One on One	publisher	Electronic Arts
Jordan vs. Bird: One on One	publisher	Milton Bradley
Fear	publisher	Unknown Fantasy Fiction
Nightmare Academy	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Prehistorik 2	publisher	Titus Interactive
Divided City	publisher	Doubleday
Dialogue with Death	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Brothers in Arms: Hell's Highway	publisher	Ubisoft
The Ship	publisher	Blazing Griffin
Rig 'n' Roll	publisher	1
Rig 'n' Roll	publisher	Rondomedia
Rig 'n' Roll	publisher	Cenega
Rig 'n' Roll	publisher	Focus Multimedia
Rig 'n' Roll	publisher	THQ
The Ship Who Sang	publisher	Walker & Co.
Last Seen Wearing ...	publisher	Doubleday
Last Seen Wearing ...	publisher	The Crime Club
Have You Lived Before This Life%3F	publisher	The Hubbard Association of Scientologists International Limited
The Curse of the Pharaohs	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Diomin	publisher	OtherWorld Creations
Capitalism and Freedom	publisher	University of Chicago Press
GooBall	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Pillars of Garendall	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Love Monkey	publisher	William Morrow, Harper Perennial, HarperCollins e-books
International Cricket	publisher	Laser Beam Entertainment
The Key	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Ricochet Lost Worlds	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
The Next American Nation	publisher	Free Press
Hummer Badlands	publisher	Global Star Software
SketchFighter 4000 Alpha	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Of Men and Monsters	publisher	Ballantine Books
History Workshop Journal	publisher	Oxford University Press
Crossfire	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Ultimate Haunted House	publisher	Microsoft Home
The Scales of Injustice	publisher	Virgin Books
Kagen no Tsuki	publisher	Shueisha
City Boy: The Adventures of Herbie Bookbinder	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Armageddon's Children	publisher	Del Rey Books
Generation of Chaos	publisher	NIS America
Generation of Chaos	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Nancy Drew: Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
ESPN Speed World	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Asphalt: Urban GT 2	publisher	Gameloft
Dirt Trax FX	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Topology	publisher	Elsevier
The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years	publisher	Novy Mir
The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years	publisher	Indiana University Press
The Descent	publisher	Crown Publishers  , Jove Books
Addiction Pinball	publisher	MicroProse , Infogrames , Team17
Last Man Running	publisher	BBC Books
Matrix	publisher	BBC Books
Biology Letters	publisher	Royal Society Publishing
The Costs of Accidents	publisher	Yale University Press
Metal Max	publisher	Data East
Beamrider	publisher	Activision
Mizuiro Jidai	publisher	Shogakukan
The Little Endless Storybook	publisher	DC Comics
Utawarerumono	publisher	MediaWorks
Utawarerumono	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Emergence: The Connected Lives of Ants, Brains, Cities, and Software	publisher	Scribner
All Fall Down	publisher	E. P. Dutton
All Fall Down	publisher	Faber and Faber
Capricorn	publisher	Shinshokan
The Cycles: International Grand Prix Racing	publisher	Accolade
Kurau Phantom Memory	publisher	Media Factory
Kurau Phantom Memory	publisher	Kodansha
Escape from the Shadows	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Dino Island	publisher	PopTop Software
Dino Island	publisher	Monte Cristo
The Lunatic Cafe	publisher	Ace Books
Coaster Works	publisher	Xicat Interactive, Inc.
Chicken Run	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Chicken Run	publisher	THQ
Chicken Run	publisher	Activision
Lighthouse: The Dark Being	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly	publisher	Éditions Robert Laffont
Bank Heist	publisher	20
A Gathering of Old Men	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
NBA Street V3	publisher	EA Sports BIG
Daily Awami Awaz	publisher	Marvee Publication
Dark Is the Sun	publisher	Del Rey Books
Holy Fire	publisher	Bantam Books
The Dream	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Pro Pinball: The Web	publisher	Empire Interactive
Pro Pinball: The Web	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Jaws Unleashed	publisher	Majesco Games
Capital & Class	publisher	SAGE Publications
Command & Conquer: Yuri's Revenge	publisher	Electronic Arts
Panzer Bandit	publisher	Banpresto
The Fire Engine That Disappeared	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Fire Engine That Disappeared	publisher	Pantheon Books
Super Life-Form Transformers: Beast Wars Neo	publisher	Kodansha
Five Quarters of the Orange	publisher	Doubleday
Three Kingdoms: Fate of the Dragon	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Dokkiri Doctor	publisher	Shogakukan
Angel Roleplaying Game	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
The Mummy Case	publisher	Congdon & Weed
This	publisher	This Press
Silent Coup	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Cars	publisher	THQ
The Last of the Jedi: A Tangled Web	publisher	Scholastic Press
Princess Princess	publisher	Shinshokan
TOCA Touring Car Championship	publisher	Codemasters, 3DO , Upstar , THQ
TOCA Race Driver 2	publisher	Codemasters
TOCA World Touring Cars	publisher	Codemasters
TOCA Race Driver	publisher	Codemasters
Death of a Naturalist	publisher	Faber and Faber
Alien Breed II: The Horror Continues	publisher	Team17
W.I.T.C.H.	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Alien Breed: Tower Assault	publisher	Team17
What Katy Did	publisher	Roberts Brothers
AstroPop	publisher	PopCap Games
AstroPop	publisher	Glu Mobile
Alien Breed 3D	publisher	Ocean Software
Alien Breed 3D II: The Killing Grounds	publisher	Ocean Software
Empire of the Ants	publisher	Le Livre de Poche
Les Thanatonautes	publisher	Albin Michel
Speed Tribes	publisher	Harper Perennial
A Piece of Blue Sky	publisher	Lyle Stuart Books, Carol Publishing Group
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones	publisher	THQ
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones	publisher	LucasArts
The Tattooed Potato and Other Clues	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Poe Shadow	publisher	Random House
Local	publisher	Oni Press
The Story of the Malakand Field Force	publisher	Dover Publications
Turtles Go Hollywood	publisher	Palladium Books
The Broken Vase	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Mutants of the Yucatan	publisher	Palladium Books
Super Fantasy Zone	publisher	Sega
Rogue Moon	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Going Too Far	publisher	Dolphin Doubleday
Waylander	publisher	Orbit
Family Guy Video Game!	publisher	2
Chuzzle	publisher	PopCap Games
Heavy Weapon	publisher	PopCap Games
Spy Fox in %22Dry Cereal%22	publisher	Atari
Spy Fox in %22Dry Cereal%22	publisher	ScummVM
Spy Fox in %22Dry Cereal%22	publisher	Nimbus Games
Spy Fox in %22Dry Cereal%22	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
J. R. R. Tolkien: A Biography	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Bubsy 3D	publisher	Accolade
Pakistan Times	publisher	Mumtaz Hamid Rao
Bill Walsh College Football	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Scarlet Brotherhood	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Scarlet Brotherhood	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The World Jones Made	publisher	Ace Books
Human Nature	publisher	Virgin Books
The Infinity Doctors	publisher	BBC Books
NHL Eastside Hockey Manager 2005	publisher	Sega
Waylander II: In the Realm of the Wolf	publisher	Legend Books
Daily Word	publisher	Unity World Headquarters
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance	publisher	Activision
God Hand	publisher	Capcom
Ayesha	publisher	Ward Lock
ESPN NBA 2Night 2002	publisher	Konami
Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices	publisher	Oxford University Press
We Can Build You	publisher	DAW Books
The Tree of Hands	publisher	Hutchinson
The Tree of Hands	publisher	Pantheon Books
Administration & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Our Friends from Frolix 8	publisher	Ace Books
Match Day	publisher	Ocean Software
The Foundation Pit	publisher	*
The Foundation Pit	publisher	Pushkin House
The Foundation Pit	publisher	New York Review Books
Mutant Storm Reloaded	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Castle Master	publisher	Incentive Software
Salvation	publisher	BBC Books
Adventures in Time and Space	publisher	Random House
Pafko at the Wall	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Wages of Sin	publisher	BBC Books
Sinbad and the Throne of the Falcon	publisher	Cinemaware
The Hollowing	publisher	HarperCollins
Major League Baseball 2K6	publisher	2
Bloody Bones	publisher	Ace Books
Violent Storm	publisher	Konami
Female Chauvinist Pigs	publisher	Free Press
Operation Stealth	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Operation Stealth	publisher	U.S. Gold
NAM-1975	publisher	SNK
Giga Wing 2	publisher	Capcom
Flesh Feast	publisher	SegaSoft
Makai Senki Disgaea	publisher	Ichijinsha
Makai Senki Disgaea	publisher	MediaWorks
Makai Senki Disgaea	publisher	Enterbrain
Jedi Twilight	publisher	Del Rey Books
Plane Crazy	publisher	SegaSoft
Ace Combat X: Skies of Deception	publisher	Namco
Complete Psionic	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
World Series Baseball	publisher	Sega
Big Biz Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value
Blood of Heroes	publisher	Pulsar Games
Deep Blue	publisher	BBC Books
Haunted Mesa	publisher	Bantam Books
Arms and Equipment Guide	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Arms and Equipment Guide	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Fallout: Brotherhood of Steel	publisher	Interplay
The Mountain Wreath	publisher	Mekhitarist Monastery of Vienna
History of North Dakota	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Robin Hood: Defender of the Crown	publisher	ZOO Digital Group
Robin Hood: Defender of the Crown	publisher	Capcom
Arc the Lad Collection	publisher	Working Designs
Mars Matrix: Hyper Solid Shooting	publisher	Capcom
Ephemeral Fantasia	publisher	Konami
Giga Wing Generations	publisher	Arcade version:
Giga Wing Generations	publisher	Taito Corporation
Giga Wing Generations	publisher	PS2 version:
Giga Wing Generations	publisher	505
The Game-Players of Titan	publisher	Ace Books
Innumeracy	publisher	Hill and Wang;
Psycho Soldier	publisher	SNK Playmore
Before the Golden Age	publisher	Doubleday
The Werewolf of Fever Swamp	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Unteleported Man	publisher	Ace Books
Daniel Webster Jones	publisher	Juvenile Instructor
The Red Napoleon	publisher	Cape & Smith
Backyard Wrestling 2: There Goes the Neighborhood	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Steep Approach to Garbadale	publisher	Little, Brown
Among the Impostors	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Pedro Páramo	publisher	Fondo de Cultura Económica
Star Trek: Starfleet Academy	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Down the World: Mervil's Ambition	publisher	ASCII
Super Mario's Wacky Worlds	publisher	Philips
Players	publisher	BBC Books
Millennium Shock	publisher	BBC Books
The Last Ninja	publisher	Activision
The Last Ninja	publisher	Superior Software
Life & Death	publisher	The Software Toolworks
Sasami: Magical Girls Club	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Not Quite Dead Enough	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
The Second Stage	publisher	Summit Books
Yoshinaga-san Chi no Gargoyle	publisher	Enterbrain
RollerCoaster Tycoon	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
RollerCoaster Tycoon	publisher	MicroProse
RollerCoaster Tycoon	publisher	Infogrames
Ingenious	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Ingenious	publisher	Kosmos
Ingenious	publisher	Sophisticated Games
The Only Game in Town	publisher	Inter-Varsity Press
Portal Through Time	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Bicycle Hills	publisher	Inter-Varsity Press
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon	publisher	Viking
No Place Like Earth	publisher	Darkside Press
The Playroom	publisher	Brøderbund
Night Frost	publisher	Corgi Adult
Volfied	publisher	Taito
Spy Fox 2: %22Some Assembly Required%22	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
The Art of Intrusion	publisher	Ronald Madzima & Sons
Clans of the Alphane Moon	publisher	Ace Books
The Houses of Iszm	publisher	Ace Books
Scan	publisher	Sega
Arthur and the Invisibles	publisher	Atari
Bad Street Brawler	publisher	Mindscape Group
Small Steps	publisher	Delacorte Press
Small Steps	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Small Steps	publisher	Doubleday Canada
The Other	publisher	Scholastic Press
That Wilkin Boy	publisher	Archie Comics
Comptiq	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Masterbook	publisher	West End Games
Lucky Star	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Will to Power	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Sky Girls	publisher	Kodansha
Women and Economics	publisher	Small, Maynard & Company, et al
Variable Geo	publisher	Giga
Variable Geo	publisher	TGL
Business Line	publisher	The Hindu Group
Problems of Post-Communism	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Bishop's Mantle	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
P. P. Hammer and his Pneumatic Weapon	publisher	Demonware
Hornblower and the Crisis	publisher	Michael Joseph
Rose Daughter	publisher	Greenwillow Books
A Daughter of Heth	publisher	Sampson Low
Spindle's End	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Pact	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Nerima Daikon Brothers	publisher	Jive
The Showgirl Princess	publisher	Puffin Books
War in Europe	publisher	Simulations Publications
Viewpoint	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Viewpoint	publisher	Electronic Arts
His Religion and Hers	publisher	AltaMira Press
March	publisher	Viking Press
Blood Bros.	publisher	TAD Corporation
Bonkers!	publisher	Parker Brothers
Bonkers!	publisher	Milton Bradley
What The--%3F!	publisher	Marvel Comics
GURPS Bio-Tech	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Super Conflict	publisher	Vic Tokai
Tomato Adventure	publisher	Nintendo
Left Behind: Eternal Forces	publisher	Inspired Media Entertainment
Lula: The Sexy Empire	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Guitar Hero II	publisher	Activision
The Fireclown	publisher	Compact
The Moth	publisher	2013
Eclipse Magazine	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Catherine, Called Birdy	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Wayne Gretzky and the NHLPA All-Stars	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
ESPN Sunday Night NFL	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
ESPN National Hockey Night	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
The Hugo Winners	publisher	Doubleday
Allan Stein	publisher	Grove Press
Dungeon Fighter Online	publisher	Gentosha
Tomoyo After: It's a Wonderful Life	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Super Robot Wars MX	publisher	Banpresto
2nd Super Robot Wars Alpha	publisher	Banpresto
The Cat in the Hat	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
That Hell-Bound Train	publisher	Mercury Publications
Galaxy Angel II	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Galaxy Angel II	publisher	BROCCOLI
Strawberry Panic!	publisher	MediaWorks
Dawn of the Dragons	publisher	Berkley Books
The Buccaneers of Shadaki	publisher	Red Fox
The Syro-Aramaic Reading of the Koran	publisher	Hans Schiler Publishers
We Need to Talk About Kevin	publisher	Counterpoint Press
Timon & Pumbaa's Jungle Games	publisher	THQ
Timon & Pumbaa's Jungle Games	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
New Arabian Nights	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Kanpai!	publisher	Sony Magazines
Kanpai!	publisher	Gentosha
Emmitt Smith Football	publisher	JVC
International Classification of Primary Care	publisher	Oxford University Press
TV Comic	publisher	Beaverbrook
TV Comic	publisher	Polystyle Publications
Atlantis Underwater Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value
The Whipping Boy	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Agrippa	publisher	Kevin Begos Jr.
100%25	publisher	Vertigo imprint of DC Comics
Oil's Well	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Legacy of Vashna	publisher	Berkley Books
Arcade Pool	publisher	Team17
Arcade Pool	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Musashi Number 9	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Da Vinci Code	publisher	2
Over the Hedge	publisher	Activision
The Last of the Jedi: Dark Warning	publisher	Scholastic Press
CSI: 3 Dimensions of Murder	publisher	Ubisoft
Little Fears	publisher	Key 20 Publishing
OverKill	publisher	Epic MegaGames
The Last of the Jedi: Underworld	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Last of the Jedi: Death on Naboo	publisher	Scholastic Press
Infernal Runner	publisher	Loriciel
Star Surgeon	publisher	Ballantine Books
Ambulance Ship	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Caverns of Kalte	publisher	Berkley Books
Fire on the Water	publisher	Berkley Books
The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning	publisher	Universal Interactive
Time to Depart	publisher	Century
HardBall III	publisher	Accolade
Glow	publisher	St. Joseph Communications
George Foreman's KO Boxing	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Moonshadow	publisher	Epic Comics
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Fireteam Bravo 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ratchet & Clank: Size Matters	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Loophole	publisher	Street & Smith
Counter-Clock World	publisher	Berkley Books
The Killing Dance	publisher	Ace Books
Laser Focus World	publisher	PennWell Corporation
Operation Europe: Path to Victory	publisher	Koei
Wally Bear and the NO! Gang	publisher	American Video Entertainment
Kool-Aid Man	publisher	Mattel
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories	publisher	Rockstar Games
The Ghost at Skeleton Rock	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Oh Mummy	publisher	Amsoft
The Flying Sorcerers	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Mindworm	publisher	Hillman Periodicals
Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu	publisher	Del Rey Books
Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon	publisher	Del Rey Books
Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bram Stoker's Dracula	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
The House of Dies Drear	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ai no Kusabi	publisher	Koufuusha Shuppan
Out from Boneville	publisher	Graphix
Monster Collection	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Monster Collection	publisher	Bushiroad
Hulk	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Hulk	publisher	Universal Interactive
Auto Assault	publisher	NCSOFT
The Knights of the Cross	publisher	Tygodnik Illustrowany
The Knights of the Cross	publisher	Wł. Anczyc & Co. Press
The Harsh Cry of the Heron	publisher	Hachette
Heaven's Net is Wide	publisher	Hachette Australia  and Pan Macmillan
MS Saga: A New Dawn	publisher	Namco Bandai
Back to the Moon	publisher	Delacorte Press
Simoun	publisher	Ichijinsha
Simoun	publisher	Gakken
Zenki	publisher	Shueisha
Yawara!	publisher	Shogakukan
Emerging Infectious Diseases	publisher	Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Scientology: A History of Man	publisher	Scientific Press: Phoenix, Arizona
The Pro	publisher	Image Comics
Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ridge Racer 7	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Ridge Racer	publisher	Namco
Brain Lord	publisher	Enix
Naval Ops: Warship Gunner 2	publisher	Koei
Hornblower and the Atropos	publisher	Michael Joseph
Two Solitudes	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
NFL Head Coach	publisher	EA Sports
Three Hands in the Fountain	publisher	Arrow Books
Three Hands in the Fountain	publisher	Mysterious Press
Battle Arena Toshinden 3	publisher	Takara
Battle Arena Toshinden 3	publisher	Playmates Interactive Entertainment
Battle Arena Toshinden 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Sink or Swim	publisher	Zeppelin Premier
King David's Spaceship	publisher	Simon & Schuster
King David's Spaceship	publisher	Orbit Books
The Graduate	publisher	New American Library
Step by Wicked Step	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Night Without End	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Night Without End	publisher	Doubleday
The Wolf Cub's Handbook	publisher	Sir Arthur Pearson, 1st Baronet
Rampage 2: Universal Tour	publisher	Midway Games
The Executioners	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Executioner	publisher	Pinnacle
The Executioner	publisher	Gold Eagle
John Deere: American Farmer	publisher	Destineer
Gregor the Overlander	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
American Rifleman	publisher	National Rifle Association
Golden Nugget Casino DS	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
L. T.'s Theory of Pets	publisher	Philtrum Press
Multiplayer BattleTech: EGA	publisher	GEnie
MechWarrior	publisher	Activision
Dark Alliance	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Fall of the Foot Clan	publisher	Konami
Billy	publisher	Putnam Adult
Looney Tunes: Space Race	publisher	Infogrames
The New Republic	publisher	Chatto and Windus
MechWarrior 3	publisher	MicroProse
Toshinden 4	publisher	Takara
Toshinden 4	publisher	Studio3
The Lambing Flat	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Apple Cider Spider	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Sky Odyssey	publisher	Activision
Sky Odyssey	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Bust-a-Move Millennium	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Death of a Whaler	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Deadline	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Night in Terror Tower	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Ship	publisher	Michael Joseph
Steel Harbinger	publisher	Mindscape Group
Stronghold	publisher	DAW Books
GT Advance Championship Racing	publisher	THQ
Delta Force: Urban Warfare	publisher	NovaLogic
New Era	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Fearsome Creatures of the Lumberwoods, With a Few Desert and Mountain Beasts	publisher	Judd & Detweiler, Inc.
Battle Gear 4	publisher	Taito
Ziarul Financiar	publisher	PubliMedia International
O Crime do Padre Amaro	publisher	Typografia Castro Irmão
In Memoriam	publisher	Ubisoft
In Memoriam	publisher	The Adventure Company
The Tale of Little Pig Robinson	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Tale of Little Pig Robinson	publisher	David McKay Publications
RHEM 2: The Cave	publisher	Got Game Entertainment and Virtual Programming
2006 FIFA World Cup	publisher	EA Sports
The Mandalorian Armor	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Hard Merchandise	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Iberia	publisher	Random House
The Book of the Dead	publisher	Warner Books
The Settlers IV	publisher	Blue Byte
The Twilight of the Grey Gods	publisher	Arkham House
Lovelock	publisher	Tor Books
Hourglass of Summer	publisher	Hirameki
The Special Duty Combat Unit Shinesman	publisher	Gakken
The Special Duty Combat Unit Shinesman	publisher	Futabasha
Madden NFL 07	publisher	EA Sports
Cruising	publisher	Stein and Day
Demon's Lair	publisher	Lasalion Games
Car Tycoon	publisher	Fishtank Interactive
Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dungeon Magic	publisher	Taito
Fripp	publisher	Comedy Hall
Historische Zeitschrift	publisher	Oldenbourg Wissenschaftsverlag
Amnesia Moon	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Heechee Rendezvous	publisher	Del Rey Books/Ballantine Books
Kiss: Psycho Circus	publisher	Image Comics
Fallen Earth	publisher	K2 Network
Race Differences in Intelligence	publisher	Washington Summit Publishers
Need for Speed III: Hot Pursuit	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Artist and Journal of Home Culture	publisher	Constable & Robinson
The Artist and Journal of Home Culture	publisher	Truslove, Hanson & Comba
ÜberSoldier	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Connor: Spotlight	publisher	IDW Publishing
Legend of Success Joe	publisher	Wave Corp.
RoboCop	publisher	Marvel Comics
RoboCop	publisher	Avatar Press
The Merry Men and Other Tales and Fables	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Deathlord	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mean 18	publisher	Accolade
What the Dormouse Said	publisher	Penguin
The Roads to Sata	publisher	John Weatherhill Inc
Caesiana	publisher	Italian Orchid Association
The Iron Hand of Mars	publisher	Hutchinson
The Silver Pigs	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Hammer & Sickle	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
Hammer & Sickle	publisher	T-time Technology
Xexyz	publisher	Hudson Soft
Twin Signal	publisher	Enix
Twin Signal	publisher	Gangan Comics
Avatar: The Last Airbender	publisher	THQ
Dealing with Dragons	publisher	Jane Yolen
Dealing with Dragons	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Ghost Circles	publisher	Cartoon Books
A Ship of the Line	publisher	Michael Joseph
Crown of Horns	publisher	Cartoon Books
Old Man's Cave	publisher	Cartoon Books
Old Man's Cave	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Rock Jaw: Master of the Eastern Border	publisher	Cartoon Books
The Dragonslayer	publisher	Cartoon Books
The Great Cow Race	publisher	Cartoon Books
Eyes of the Storm	publisher	Cartoon Books
The Clock Winder	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Andersonville	publisher	Penguin Books
A Fork in the Tale	publisher	Any River Entertainment
Safe Area Goražde	publisher	Fantagraphics
Rough Ride	publisher	Yellow Jersey Press
Rose	publisher	Cartoon Books
Brother Fish	publisher	Penguin Group
Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Qwak	publisher	Superior Software
Qwak	publisher	,
Qwak	publisher	Team17
The River	publisher	Bradbury Press/Dell Publishing
Polio: An American Story	publisher	Oxford University Press
Neverwinter Nights: Hordes of the Underdark	publisher	Atari
Neverwinter Nights: Hordes of the Underdark	publisher	MacSoft Games
Annales Henri Poincaré	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Hotman	publisher	Shueisha
The Unlimited Dream Company	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Stupid, Stupid Rat Tails	publisher	Cartoon Books
Jyu-Oh-Sei	publisher	Hakusensha
Bound and Gagged: Pornography and the Politics of Fantasy in America	publisher	Duke University Press
Deafening	publisher	HarperCollins Canada & Kaiser
Patterns of Force	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Journal of Hellenic Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies
Facing the Future	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Seven Minutes	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Deviant Behavior	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories	publisher	Penguin Books
Morpho Eugenia	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Smart Bomb	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Encyclopedia of World History	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Co.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Fighting Edition	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Kawasaki Superbike Challenge	publisher	Domark Software, Inc., Time Warner Interactive, Inc.
Sonic Blast Man	publisher	Taito
Street Hockey '95	publisher	GTE Entertainment
The Lords of the North	publisher	HarperCollins
The Chasm of Doom	publisher	Berkley Books
Shadow on the Sand	publisher	Berkley Books
Castle Death	publisher	Berkley Books
The Masters of Darkness	publisher	Berkley Books
The Prisoners of Time	publisher	Berkley Books
The Dungeons of Torgar	publisher	Berkley Books
The Cauldron of Fear	publisher	Berkley Books
The Jungle of Horrors	publisher	Berkley Books
Sharpe's Fury	publisher	HarperCollins
The Kingdoms of Terror	publisher	Berkley Books
LocoRoco	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Plague Lords of Ruel	publisher	Berkley Books
The Captives of Kaag	publisher	Berkley Books
The Darke Crusade	publisher	Berkley Books
Icebound	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Curse of Naar	publisher	Berkley Books
Planetary Report	publisher	The Planetary Society
Transformers: Generation 2	publisher	Marvel Comics
Galaxy of Fear: Eaten Alive	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: City of the Dead	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: Planet Plague	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: The Nightmare Machine	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: The Brain Spiders	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: Army of Terror	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: The Swarm	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: Spore	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: The Doomsday Ship	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: Clones	publisher	Skylark
Galaxy of Fear: The Hunger	publisher	Skylark
The Codex	publisher	Tor Books
Under the Eagle	publisher	Headline  & Thomas Dunne Books
Tales of the World: Summoner's Lineage	publisher	Namco
White Dog	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
White Dog	publisher	New American Library
The House of Thunder	publisher	Pocket Books
The Mask	publisher	Jove Books
The Eyes of Darkness	publisher	Pocket Books
The Funhouse	publisher	Jove Books
The Voice of the Night	publisher	Doubleday
Whispers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Key to Midnight	publisher	Pocket Books
The Face of Fear	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
The Vision	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Washingtonian	publisher	Catherine Merrill Williams
Night Chills	publisher	Atheneum Books
Wow Comics	publisher	Fawcett Comics
Twilight Eyes	publisher	Berkley Publishing
Darkfall	publisher	W. H. Allen
Darkfall	publisher	Berkley Books
The Door to December	publisher	Signet Books
Strangers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Shadow Fires	publisher	Avon Books
Lightning	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Servants of Twilight	publisher	Pocket Books
Watchers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Bad Place	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
High Justice	publisher	Pocket Books
Midnight	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Cold Fire	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Mr. Murder	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Last Gentleman	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Dragon Tears	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Invasion	publisher	Laser Books
Dark Rivers of the Heart	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Intensity	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
Intensity	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
WWF Super WrestleMania	publisher	LJN
WWF Super WrestleMania	publisher	Flying Edge
Battleship	publisher	Mindscape
Dusty Diamond's All-Star Softball	publisher	Tonkin House
Dusty Diamond's All-Star Softball	publisher	Brøderbund
Zorba the Hutt's Revenge	publisher	Skylark
Mission from Mount Yoda	publisher	Skylark
Genghis Khan	publisher	Koei
Queen of the Empire	publisher	Skylark
Prophets of the Dark Side	publisher	Skylark
Harlem Globetrotters	publisher	GameTek
Knight Rider	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Mad Max	publisher	Mindscape
The Lone Ranger	publisher	Konami
Super Robot Wars: Original Generations	publisher	Banpresto
The Ruling Class	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Crack in Space	publisher	Ace Books
Atari Karts	publisher	Atari Corporation
Tecmo NBA Basketball	publisher	Tecmo
WWF WrestleMania: Steel Cage Challenge	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Barbie: Vacation Adventure	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Minnesota Fats: Pool Legend	publisher	Data East
NFL Football '94 Starring Joe Montana	publisher	Sega
Tyrannosaur Canyon	publisher	Forge Books
Sports Talk Baseball	publisher	Sega
OutRun 2019	publisher	Sega
Dance of Death	publisher	Warner Books
NFL '95	publisher	Sega
Leap of Faith: Memoirs of an Unexpected Life	publisher	Miramax Books
Lethal Enforcers II: Gun Fighters	publisher	Konami
Air	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Flying Colours	publisher	Penguin Group
Wolf's Bane	publisher	Berkley Books
Magic Sword	publisher	Capcom
The Book of Thoth	publisher	Weiser Books
Absolute Boy	publisher	MediaWorks
The Grantville Gazettes	publisher	Baen Books
Paradise	publisher	Micro Application
Paradise	publisher	Ubisoft
Of Drag Kings and the Wheel of Fate	publisher	Justice House Publishing
Of Drag Kings and the Wheel of Fate	publisher	Bold Strokes Books
Rogue Ops	publisher	Kemco
From the Corner of His Eye	publisher	Bantam Books
By the Light of the Moon	publisher	Bantam Books
Fear Nothing	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Fear Nothing	publisher	Dell Books
Fear Nothing	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
One Door Away from Heaven	publisher	Bantam Books
False Memory	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications and Bantam Books
Sole Survivor	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sole Survivor	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
Demon Seed	publisher	Berkley Publishing
Prodigal Son	publisher	Bantam Books
The Husband	publisher	Bantam Books
Brother Odd	publisher	Bantam Books
City of Night	publisher	Bantam Books
Forever Odd	publisher	Bantam Books
The Sissy Duckling	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Caterpillar Construction Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value
Daddy's Roommate	publisher	Alyson Books
Cold War	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Cold War	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Cold War	publisher	Runesoft
Who's in a Family%3F	publisher	Tricycle Press
The Family Book	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Bullseye: The Target	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sheep	publisher	Corgi
Dead Calm	publisher	Viking Press
The Eiger Sanction	publisher	Outlet
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Angelic Days	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
NCAA Football 07	publisher	EA Sports
Practice in Christianity	publisher	University bookshop Reitzel, Copenhagen
Colony	publisher	Mastertronic
Marley & Me	publisher	HarperCollins
Marley & Me	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Jesus: Kyōfu no Bio Monster	publisher	Enix
Jesus: Kyōfu no Bio Monster	publisher	King Records
Captain Bible in Dome of Darkness	publisher	Bridgestone Multimedia Group
Saintspeak	publisher	Signature Books
Dr. Futurity	publisher	Ace Books
Universal Fighting System	publisher	Jasco Games
Brian's Winter	publisher	Scholastic Press
The World Made Straight	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Dead to Rights	publisher	Namco
Dead to Rights	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Journeyman Project 2: Buried in Time	publisher	Sanctuary Woods
Nouvelle Revue Française	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Sega Rally Revo	publisher	Sega
Arcticfox	publisher	Electronic Arts
A Rather English Marriage	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Liberty	publisher	Review and Herald Publishing Association
Enigma	publisher	Hutchinson
Barnyard	publisher	THQ
SpongeBob SquarePants: Creature from the Krusty Krab	publisher	THQ
Just Cause	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Danny Phantom: Urban Jungle	publisher	THQ
Tombs & Treasure	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Tombs & Treasure	publisher	Tokyo Shoseki
Tombs & Treasure	publisher	Infocom
The Eternal Champion	publisher	Dell Books
Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Wars: From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Empire Strikes Back	publisher	Del Rey Books
Return of the Jedi	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Guide to the Star Wars Universe	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
An Age	publisher	Faber & Faber
Don't Stop the Carnival	publisher	Doubleday
Green for Danger	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Bloody Jack	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
City Crisis	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Ganashakti	publisher	Narayan Dutta
Mistress of Spices	publisher	Doubleday
And Tango Makes Three	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Dragonfly	publisher	Random House
Three Day Road	publisher	Penguin Canada
Gato	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte
Gato	publisher	Atari Corporation
Yume Tsukai	publisher	Kodansha
World Championship Rugby	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
World Championship Rugby	publisher	Juice Games
Spartan	publisher	Just Play
Destroy All Humans! 2	publisher	THQ
The Lost Language of Cranes	publisher	Knopf
Wolfbane	publisher	Ballantine Books
Land of the Dead: Road to Fiddler's Green	publisher	Groove Games
The Space Merchants	publisher	Ballantine Books
Genma Wars	publisher	Kodansha
Genma Wars	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Ultimate Girls	publisher	MediaWorks
Summoner 2	publisher	THQ
The Princess Diaries, Volume II: Princess in the Spotlight	publisher	HarperCollins
The Rag and Bone Shop	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers
The Fairly OddParents: Breakin' da Rules	publisher	THQ
Codes, Ciphers and Other Cryptic and Clandestine Communication	publisher	Black Dog & Leventhal Publishers
The Ego and the Id	publisher	Internationaler Psycho- analytischer Verlag
Solomon's Stone	publisher	Avalon Books
Brutal: Paws of Fury	publisher	GameTek
Kenji	publisher	Shogakukan
Berserk and the Band of the Hawk	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Dark Savior	publisher	Sega
Rethinking Marxism	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Association for Economic and Social Analysis
Panzer Dragoon II Zwei	publisher	Sega
World War II Combat: Iwo Jima	publisher	Groove Games
Miracles on Maple Hill	publisher	Harcourt
Compiler	publisher	Kodansha
My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes	publisher	Puffin Books
Jonah Lomu Rugby	publisher	Codemasters
Fail-Safe	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Fantasy Empires	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Star Trek: The Next Generation: Klingon Honor Guard	publisher	MicroProse
The Vampire Prince	publisher	HarperCollins
Vampire Rites	publisher	HarperCollins
The Well-Mannered War	publisher	Virgin Books
The Sands of Time	publisher	Virgin Books
Hunters of the Dusk	publisher	HarperCollins
Killers of the Dawn	publisher	HarperCollins
Killers of the Dawn	publisher	Little, Brown
Tōi Umi kara Kita Coo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Madwand	publisher	Phantasia Press
Changeling	publisher	Ace Books
Lord Demon	publisher	Avon
Extinctioners	publisher	Vision Comics
Extinctioners	publisher	Shanda Fantasy Arts
Extinctioners	publisher	Angry Viking Press
Shrugged	publisher	Aspen MLT
Igrot Kodesh	publisher	Kehot Publication Society
Barney's Version	publisher	Random House of Canada
Barney's Version	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Urban Jungle	publisher	Autoklub Rijeka and DIR
Elebits	publisher	Konami
The Montauk Project: Experiments in Time	publisher	Sky Books
Chemistry: A European Journal	publisher	Wiley-VCH on behalf of ChemPubSoc Europe
Helvetica Chimica Acta	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Bulletin of the Chemical Society of Japan	publisher	Chemical Society of Japan
Chemistry Letters	publisher	Chemical Society of Japan
Wrath Unleashed	publisher	LucasArts
Canadian Journal of Chemistry	publisher	NRC Research Press
Journal of Chemical Physics	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Inukami!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Cliff Hanger	publisher	Stern Electronics
Heat Project	publisher	22
Journal of Biological Chemistry	publisher	American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Langmuir	publisher	American Chemical Society
Inorganic Chemistry	publisher	American Chemical Society
White Men Can't Jump	publisher	Atari
The Viceroy of Ouidah	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Otogi Zoshi	publisher	Mag Garden
Behind the Scenes at the Museum	publisher	Doubleday
Onegai My Melody	publisher	PHP Interface
Innovations in Systems and Software Engineering	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of NASA
Brian's Hunt	publisher	Random House
Horus Heresy	publisher	Sabertooth Games
World Games	publisher	Epyx
Rangers Strike	publisher	Carddas
Flashman	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Lost City	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Alien Olympics 2044 AD	publisher	Ocean Software
When Bad Things Happen to Good People	publisher	Random House Inc
Notices of the American Mathematical Society	publisher	American Mathematical Society
Proceedings of the American Mathematical Society	publisher	American Mathematical Society
Small Soldiers	publisher	Electronic Arts
Small Soldiers	publisher	THQ
The Day of the Scorpion	publisher	Heinemann
American Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Undercover Cops	publisher	Irem
High Stakes Gambling	publisher	Electro Brain
Jeep Jamboree: Off Road Adventure	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Dinosaurs for Hire	publisher	Eternity Comics
Dinosaurs for Hire	publisher	Malibu Comics
Richard Scarry's Busytown	publisher	Sega
Richard Scarry's Busytown	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Cat Who Came to Breakfast	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Metal Slug Anthology	publisher	SNK Playmore
Revenge of the Lawn	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Black Isle's Torn	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
1941: Counter Attack	publisher	Capcom
The American Boy's Handy Book	publisher	Scribner
The American Boy's Handy Book	publisher	David R. Godine, Publisher
Royal Flash	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Flash for Freedom!	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Flashman at the Charge	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Flashman in the Great Game	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Dark Millennium	publisher	Sabertooth Games
Flashman's Lady	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Flashman and the Redskins	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Flashman and the Dragon	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Flashman and the Mountain of Light	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Flashman and the Angel of the Lord	publisher	HarperCollins
Flashman and the Tiger	publisher	HarperCollins
Flashman on the March	publisher	HarperCollins
Mr American	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Black Friar of the Flame	publisher	Fiction House
Spectrobes	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Battle Stadium D.O.N	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Ultimate Basketball	publisher	American Sammy
The Adventures of Batman & Robin	publisher	Konami
The Adventures of Batman & Robin	publisher	Sega
True Golf Classics: Waialae Country Club	publisher	T&E Soft
Batman Forever	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Come In Spinner	publisher	Heinemann
Boy O'Boy	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
33 Snowfish	publisher	Candlewick Press
Goth Opera	publisher	Virgin Books
Birdy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Requiem Hurts	publisher	Illusion Soft
Buddy	publisher	Hinemann
Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Mortal Coil: Adrenalin Intelligence	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Robo Pit	publisher	THQ
Donnerjack	publisher	Avon
Mountains Beyond Mountains	publisher	Random House
Critical Review	publisher	Routledge for the Critical Review Foundation
Cumberland Law Review	publisher	Cumberland School of Law, Samford University
Oppai Slider 2	publisher	Illusion Soft
The House on the Borderland	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Jubilat	publisher	MFA Program for Poets & Writers
Jubilat	publisher	University of Massachusetts Amherst
Sonic Rivals	publisher	Sega
Speed Kings	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Sarum	publisher	Century Hutchinson
The Hundred Dresses	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
Super Monkey Ball: Banana Blitz	publisher	Sega
Plan B	publisher	Frances Morgan
Growlanser Generations	publisher	Working Designs
Star Trek: Tactical Assault	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Robot Alchemic Drive	publisher	Enix
MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Don't Give Up the Ship!	publisher	Guidon Games
Don't Give Up the Ship!	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Hunger of Sejanoz	publisher	Red Fox
Lightspeed	publisher	MicroProse
Onslaught	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Where Rainbows End	publisher	HarperCollins
Wipeout	publisher	Psygnosis
The Callistan Menace	publisher	Popular Publications
Blackbird	publisher	Virginia Commonwealth University and New Virginia Review
Tohoku Mathematical Journal	publisher	Maruzen Co.
Metal Mutant	publisher	Silmarils
Battle Raper	publisher	Illusion
The Champion Maker	publisher	Lulu Press
Beyond!	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Impending Crisis of the South	publisher	Burdick Brothers
Cameltry	publisher	Taito
Cobra II	publisher	Pantheon Books
Prisoners of the Sun	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Tintin in Tibet	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
A.S.P. Air Strike Patrol	publisher	Seta
A.S.P. Air Strike Patrol	publisher	System 3
Nothing Feels Good: Punk Rock, Teenagers, and Emo	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Archer's Goon	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Practical Fishkeeping	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
Ape Escape Academy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Armored Warriors	publisher	Capcom
Dragon Lore: The Legend Begins	publisher	Mindscape
Lion in the Valley	publisher	Atheneum Books
Double Whammy	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Silent Hill: Homecoming	publisher	Konami
Four-Star Spectacular	publisher	DC Comics
Golden Knight Garo	publisher	Bandai
Just as Long as We're Together	publisher	Orchard Books
The Daily Texan	publisher	Texas Student Media
Places I Never Meant to Be	publisher	Simon & Schuster
In Custody	publisher	Heinemann
A Murder of Quality	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Iggie's House	publisher	Bradbury Press
Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great	publisher	Dutton
Forever...	publisher	Bradbury Press
The Unvanquished	publisher	Random House
The Settlers: Heritage of Kings	publisher	Ubisoft
More Die of Heartbreak	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Sutte Hakkun	publisher	Nintendo
Will You Please Be Quiet, Please%3F	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Incongruous Spy	publisher	Walker and Company
Cracking India	publisher	Milkweed Editions
Vampirium	publisher	Red Fox
Lincoln the Unknown	publisher	The Century Company
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living	publisher	Simon and Schuster
The Fall of Blood Mountain	publisher	Red Fox
F.E.A.R. Extraction Point	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The G.G. Shinobi II: The Silent Fury	publisher	Sega
Mobile Ops: The One Year War	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Trail of the Wolf	publisher	Red Fox
Voyage of the Moonstone	publisher	Red Fox
X	publisher	Nintendo
Rune War	publisher	Red Fox
Mydnight's Hero	publisher	Red Fox
Cancer Research	publisher	American Association for Cancer Research
Not Before Sundown	publisher	Tammi
Ape Academy 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Definitely Maybe	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
BioScience	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Institute of Biological Sciences
Civil War: Front Line	publisher	Marvel Comics
Exiles to Glory	publisher	Ace Books
Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops	publisher	Konami
From the Ashes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Wild at Heart	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Tao's Adventure: Curse of the Demon Seal	publisher	Konami
The Phish Book	publisher	Villard
WinBack 2: Project Poseidon	publisher	Koei
Abara	publisher	Shueisha
All American Boy	publisher	Kensington Books
Bone: Out from Boneville	publisher	Telltale Games
PQ: Practical Intelligence Quotient	publisher	D3 Publisher
Justice League Heroes	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Justice League Heroes	publisher	DC Comics
Justice League Heroes	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Living and the Dead	publisher	Hutchinson
Army of Two	publisher	Electronic Arts
Culdcept Saga	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Kingdom Under Fire: Circle of Doom	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Polish Review	publisher	Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America
The Da Vinci Code	publisher	Doubleday
The Da Vinci Code	publisher	Transworld & Bantam Books
Mechanical Dream	publisher	SteamLogic
Birds Without Wings	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Citizen Cyborg	publisher	Westview Press
Citizen Cyborg	publisher	Basic Books
The Rotters' Club	publisher	Viking Press
Polly and the Pirates	publisher	Oni Press
How the Irish Saved Civilization	publisher	Nan A. Talese
Southwest Review	publisher	Southern Methodist University
Supermarket	publisher	IDW Publishing
How to Be Cool	publisher	Heinemann
A Cry in the Night	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Battalion Wars 2	publisher	Nintendo
Honus & Me	publisher	HarperCollins
Dynasty Warriors	publisher	Koei
Rapid Communications in Mass Spectrometry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Middleman	publisher	Viper Comics
Another Day of Life	publisher	Vintage International
The Rainbird Pattern	publisher	Heinemann
Ashes and Diamonds	publisher	Czytelnik
Trends	publisher	Street & Smith
Batman: GCPD	publisher	DC Comics
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
College Slam	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Them: Adventures with Extremists	publisher	Picador
Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life	publisher	Brady Games
Work Time Fun	publisher	D3 Publisher
Work Time Fun	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Future of Children	publisher	Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University and The Brookings Institution
Typo Attack	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Searching for God Knows What	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Briefing	publisher	Matthias Media
The Briefing	publisher	The Good Book Company
The Journeyman Project 3: Legacy of Time	publisher	Red Orb Entertainment
Quantum Redshift	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Azurik: Rise of Perathia	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Boku wa Imōto ni Koi o Suru	publisher	Shogakukan
The Lab	publisher	Scholastic Press
Edinburgh	publisher	Picador USA
The Coming Storm	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Journal of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian	publisher	Viking Press
The Manchurian Candidate	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Starring Sally J. Freedman as Herself	publisher	Bradbury Press
Wifey	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Smart Women	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Knife Edge: Nose Gunner	publisher	Kemco
Fudge-a-Mania	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
The Big Clock	publisher	Harcourt
South Park	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
South Park Rally	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Trace	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Tony Hawk's Project 8	publisher	Activision
Here's to You, Rachel Robinson	publisher	Orchard Books
Star King	publisher	Berkley Books
The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo	publisher	Reilly & Lee
Burnt Offerings	publisher	Ace Books
Fleet Defender	publisher	Microprose
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers	publisher	Square Enix
The Thousand-Mile Summer	publisher	Howell-North Books
The Thousand-Mile Summer	publisher	Berkeley, California
Indianapolis 500: The Simulation	publisher	Electronic Arts
Blaster Master: Blasting Again	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Aliens: Colonial Marines Technical Manual	publisher	HarperPrism
Aliens: Colonial Marines Technical Manual	publisher	Titan Books
Dragon Quest Swords	publisher	Square Enix
Fade from Grace	publisher	Beckett Comics
Islands in the Stream	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Final Fantasy XV	publisher	Square Enix
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Ring of Fates	publisher	Square Enix
Final Fantasy Type-0	publisher	Square Enix
Assassin's Creed	publisher	Ubisoft
Shadow	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tikki Tikki Tembo	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
The American Way	publisher	DC Comics
Gran Turismo HD Concept	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Marvel Super Heroes: War of the Gems	publisher	Capcom
Eight Days	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Folklore	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Shuttle Down	publisher	Ballantine Books
Shuttle Down	publisher	Del Rey Books
Weekly Volcano	publisher	Ron Swarner
Worms: Open Warfare	publisher	THQ
Sam & Max Save the World	publisher	Telltale Games
A History of US	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Face	publisher	DAW Books
The Killing Machine	publisher	Berkley Books
Sonic and the Secret Rings	publisher	Sega
Need for Speed: Carbon	publisher	Electronic Arts
Alex Rider: Stormbreaker	publisher	THQ
The Judy Blume Diary	publisher	Yearling
Daytona USA 2	publisher	Sega
War 2410	publisher	Advanced Productions
Letters to Judy: What Kids Wish They Could Tell You	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
1st Issue Special	publisher	DC Comics
Star Fox Command	publisher	Nintendo
Super Mario Galaxy	publisher	Nintendo
Titan Empire	publisher	MUSE Software
Excite Truck	publisher	Nintendo
Yoshi's Island DS	publisher	Nintendo
Disaster: Day of Crisis	publisher	Nintendo
Dragon Quest: Dai no Daibōken	publisher	Shueisha
Project H.A.M.M.E.R.	publisher	Nintendo
Corduroy	publisher	Viking Press
Clubhouse Games	publisher	Nintendo
Chibi-Robo!: Park Patrol	publisher	Nintendo
Super Paper Mario	publisher	Nintendo
Custom Robo Arena	publisher	Nintendo
Jet Impulse	publisher	Nintendo
Death in Holy Orders	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Murder Room	publisher	Faber & Faber
Pro Wrestling	publisher	Sega
DK Jungle Climber	publisher	Nintendo
The Skull Beneath the Skin	publisher	Faber and Faber
Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn	publisher	Nintendo
Devices and Desires	publisher	Faber & Faber
Hotel Dusk: Room 215	publisher	Nintendo
Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis	publisher	Nintendo
Epilepsy Currents	publisher	American Epilepsy Society and Allen Press
Original Sin	publisher	Faber & Faber
Gruntz	publisher	Monolith Productions
WarioWare: Smooth Moves	publisher	Nintendo
Hellboy: The Science of Evil	publisher	Konami
Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire	publisher	Penguin Books
Sweet Danger	publisher	Heinemann
Sweet Danger	publisher	The Crime Club
TacOps	publisher	Battlefront.com
Rengoku II: The Stairway to Heaven	publisher	Konami
The Silver Sword	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Demolition Man	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Demolition Man	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Forza Motorsport 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
American Antiquity	publisher	Society for American Archaeology
Daily Sach	publisher	Sach Group
Tycoon City: New York	publisher	Atari
CINEMAEDITOR	publisher	American Cinema Editors
Tuck Everlasting	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Nemesis II	publisher	Konami
Steel Horizon	publisher	Konami
Theweek	publisher	Mr Saleh al Zakwani
Route 666	publisher	CrossGen
The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories	publisher	Penguin Books
In Praise of Slow	publisher	HarperSanFrancisco
Bliss	publisher	Games for Loving
Sideways	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Blues Brothers 2000	publisher	Titus Software
Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Unisystem	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
The Big Six	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Missee Lee	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Lunar Knights	publisher	Konami
The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care	publisher	Duell, Sloan and Pearce
Nemesis	publisher	Aschehoug
Brain Age 2: More Training in Minutes a Day!	publisher	Nintendo
The Tar-Aiym Krang	publisher	Ballantine Books
Star Wars: Empire at War: Forces of Corruption	publisher	LucasArts
Bloodhype	publisher	Ballantine title
Orphan Star	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ace Combat Advance	publisher	Namco
Football Manager 2007	publisher	Sega
My First Alphabet	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Silent Hill: Origins	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
The End of the Matter	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Legend of Jack Sparrow	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Legend of Jack Sparrow	publisher	Ubisoft
Islands in the Sky	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Flinx in Flux	publisher	Del Rey Books
Menace in Europe	publisher	Three Rivers Press
For Love of Mother-Not	publisher	Del Rey Books
Haze	publisher	Ubisoft
Mid-Flinx	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Small Town in Germany	publisher	Heinemann
Scud Race	publisher	Sega
European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Cavern of Black Ice	publisher	Aspect
Reunion	publisher	Del Rey Books
Witches	publisher	Marvel Comics
Hard Drivin'	publisher	Atari Games
Oshare Majo: Love and Berry	publisher	Sega
Age of Pirates: Caribbean Tales	publisher	1
Elite Beat Agents	publisher	Nintendo
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Justice for All	publisher	Capcom
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast	publisher	Nintendo
One Piece: Unlimited Adventure	publisher	Namco Bandai
Street Smart	publisher	SNK Playmore
Street Smart	publisher	Sega
Maelstrom	publisher	Codemasters
World Stadium	publisher	Namco
Havana	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Seven Messengers	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
The Sterile Cuckoo	publisher	David McKay Co.
The Sterile Cuckoo	publisher	Heinemann
Sliding Scales	publisher	Del Rey Books
Flinx's Folly	publisher	Del Rey Books
Running from the Deity	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Moment of Silence	publisher	Digital Jesters
The Moment of Silence	publisher	The Adventure Company
Trouble Magnet	publisher	Del Rey Books
Patrimony	publisher	Del Rey Books
Captain Silver	publisher	Data East
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Treasure of Tarmin	publisher	Mattel Electronics
Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends: Harvest Time Hop and Fly	publisher	The Game Factory
Twilight Imperium	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
The Day of the Dissonance	publisher	Warner Books
Death, Jr. and the Science Fair of Doom	publisher	Konami
The Hour of the Gate	publisher	Warner Books
Teaching Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications for the American Sociological Association
Contemporary Sociology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Spellsinger	publisher	Warner Books
Paro Wars	publisher	Konami
The Moment of the Magician	publisher	Warner Books
Atlantis Found	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Paths of the Perambulator	publisher	Warner Books
Super Baseball Simulator 1.000	publisher	Culture Brain
The Idolmaster	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Warriors of Legend	publisher	Booksurge Publishing
Tales of the Unexpected	publisher	DC Comics
Blue Moon	publisher	Ace Books
The Unexpected	publisher	DC Comics
Chuck Yeager's Advanced Flight Trainer	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spectre	publisher	Velocity Development
Thriller	publisher	DC Comics
Shatterhand	publisher	Jaleco
Shatterhand	publisher	Angel
Bloomability	publisher	Joanna Cotler
Popeye no Eigo Asobi	publisher	Nintendo
Star Wreck	publisher	Alternative Software
J-League Winning Goal	publisher	Electronic Arts Victor
Gandalara Cycle	publisher	Bantam Books
Making of a Godol	publisher	Distributors, Hamesorah Publishers
Medicine River	publisher	Viking Canada
Charlie Siringo's West	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
Chinese Cinderella	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Long Short War	publisher	Plume
A Long Short War	publisher	Penguin Group
Social Theory and Practice	publisher	Dept. of Philosophy, Florida State University
Hayate the Combat Butler	publisher	Shogakukan
Hayate the Combat Butler	publisher	Shogakukan
Himalayan Blunder	publisher	Thacker; Natraj
Command HQ	publisher	Microplay Software
Wizards & Warriors X: The Fortress of Fear	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
.007	publisher	Scribner's Magazine
Dungeons & Dragons: Warriors of the Eternal Sun	publisher	Sega
Reservoir Dogs	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Underlight	publisher	Lyra Studios LLC
Underlight	publisher	Ixios Studios
Underlight	publisher	Red Coat Games
Underlight	publisher	KoiWare
AT-43	publisher	Rackham
Son of Spellsinger	publisher	Warner Books
The Time of the Transference	publisher	Phantasia Press
Chorus Skating	publisher	Warner Books
Blade	publisher	Activision
Settling Accounts: In at the Death	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bazil Broketail	publisher	New American Library
Ganbare Goemon Gaiden: Kieta Ōgon Kiseru	publisher	Konami
Dragons of War	publisher	Roc Books
Infernal	publisher	Playlogic Entertainment
Battledragon	publisher	New American Library
Nightfall: The Black Chronicles	publisher	Wildstorm
Aliens	publisher	Image Comics
Aliens	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Dragon Token	publisher	DAW Books
Skybowl	publisher	DAW books
The Phishing Manual	publisher	Hyperion
Evolution of the Vertebrates	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Doña Bárbara	publisher	Editorial Araluce
Vertebrate Paleontology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Catriona	publisher	Cassell and Company Ltd
Kirby: Squeak Squad	publisher	Nintendo
Run Like an Antelope	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Vertebrate Palaeontology	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Vertebrate Palaeontology	publisher	Chapman and Hall
The Vilhon Reach	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Riddle of the Wren	publisher	Ace Books
Rastan Saga II	publisher	Taito
Attack from Atlantis	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
FIFA Football 2005	publisher	Electronic Arts
Penta no Tsuri Bōken	publisher	Konami
Chimaera	publisher	Orbit Books
Chimaera	publisher	Penguin Books
San Francisco Daily	publisher	Dave Price and Jim Pavelich
The Sims 2: Pets	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims 2: Pets	publisher	Aspyr
Curse of the Mistwraith	publisher	New American Library
Evolution and Human Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Spike: Asylum	publisher	IDW Publishing
Ships of Merior	publisher	HarperCollins
Warhost of Vastmark	publisher	HarperCollins
Weekly Dearest My Brother	publisher	MediaWorks
Pirates of the Caribbean Online	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Miss Hickory	publisher	Viking Press
The Trial of Henry Kissinger	publisher	Verso Books
Harm's Way	publisher	World Publishing Company
The Second Summer of the Sisterhood	publisher	Delacorte Press
Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace	publisher	LucasArts
Jampack	publisher	Ingram Entertainment
Ender in Exile	publisher	Tor Books
Stuntman: Ignition	publisher	THQ
College Hoops 2K6	publisher	2
The Last Albatross	publisher	Simon & Schuster Australia
All-Consuming Fire	publisher	Virgin Books
Terminator Gene	publisher	Simon & Schuster Australia
Endymion Spring	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Life Lottery	publisher	Simon & Schuster Australia
Twin Cobra II	publisher	Taito Corporation
Twin Cobra II	publisher	Kaga Create
It's Like This, Cat	publisher	Harper & Row
I Put My Blue Genes On	publisher	Dell Magazines
Fugitive Prince	publisher	HarperCollins
Kick	publisher	Midway
Grand Conspiracy	publisher	HarperCollins
Peril's Gate	publisher	HarperCollins
Dengeki G's Magazine	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Traitor's Knot	publisher	Meisha Merlin
Stormed Fortress	publisher	
How Late It Was, How Late	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Gotcha	publisher	Atari
Killing Ground	publisher	Virgin Publishing
Original Sin	publisher	Virgin Books
The Tartar Steppe	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
Rumic World	publisher	Shōgakukan
The Captive Mind	publisher	Instytut Literacki
The Political Zoo	publisher	Nelson Current
Desert Rats vs. Afrika Korps	publisher	Encore Software
Desert Rats vs. Afrika Korps	publisher	Monte Cristo
Mercenaries 2: World in Flames	publisher	Electronic Arts
Samurai Warriors: Katana	publisher	Koei
Gallery	publisher	Magna Publishing Group
Age of Elements	publisher	Atari
Anno 1701	publisher	Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
Joint Strike Fighter	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Aztec	publisher	Atheneum Books
Limca Book of Records	publisher	The Coca-Cola Company
Obsidian Butterfly	publisher	Ace Books
Two Women	publisher	Bompiano
Taz Express	publisher	Infogrames
Alpine Ski	publisher	Taito
The Spider and the Fly	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
Arabian Magic	publisher	Taito
LineWars II	publisher	Safari Software
Barbarian	publisher	Psygnosis
Ultimate Combat!	publisher	Ultimate Games
Dragons of Argonath	publisher	Roc Books
Londonistan: How Britain is Creating a Terror State Within	publisher	Encounter books
Dragon Ultimate	publisher	Roc Books
Armageddon Summer	publisher	Harcourt
A Dragon at Worlds' End	publisher	Roc Books
Cosmic Wars	publisher	Konami
Wyvern	publisher	U.S. Games Systems, Inc.
Weird Worlds	publisher	DC Comics
Space Quest 6	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Space Quest II	publisher	Sierra On-Line
World Tour Soccer: Challenge Edition	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Space Quest IV	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Space Quest V	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Space Quest I	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Disney's Pinocchio	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Ultimate Brain Games	publisher	Telegames
Ultimate Card Games	publisher	Telegames
Space Quest III	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Wild Magic	publisher	Simon & Schuster/Atheneum
Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker	publisher	Square Enix
Primary Inversion	publisher	Tor Books
The Sunday Philosophy Club	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Sunday Philosophy Club	publisher	Pantheon Books
MapleStory DS	publisher	Nexon Corporation
MapleStory DS	publisher	Nintendo
Toxin	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Justine	publisher	Faber & Faber
Justine	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Sudoku Gridmaster	publisher	Hudson Soft
Sudoku Gridmaster	publisher	Nintendo
1635: The Cannon Law	publisher	Baen Books
1634: The Baltic War	publisher	Baen Books
1634: The Galileo Affair	publisher	Baen Books
Grantville Gazette III	publisher	Baen Books
Rider at the Gate	publisher	Warner Books
Cloud's Rider	publisher	Warner Books
The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night	publisher	Privately printed by the \
The Palace of Love	publisher	Berkley Books
Catwoman: When in Rome	publisher	DC Comics
Feeding Frenzy	publisher	PopCap Games
Wolfpack	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Necessary Roughness	publisher	Harpercollins
Blue Max	publisher	Synapse Software
Blue Max	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Prophet	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Snugglepot and Cuddlepie	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Codename: Kids Next Door Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Bubbles	publisher	Williams Electronics
Stone Protectors	publisher	Kemco
With Your Destiny	publisher	HanbitSoft Inc.\n Unalis / Ape
King Dork	publisher	Delacorte Press
Stronghold 2	publisher	2
Star Wars Galaxies: Jump to Lightspeed	publisher	LucasArts
Alien Crush	publisher	NEC
The Craptacular B-Sides	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Casino Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Casino Murder Case	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The 99	publisher	Teshkeel Comics
Kissing the Gunner's Daughter	publisher	Hutchinson
Kissing the Gunner's Daughter	publisher	Mysterious Press
Checkers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Environment and Planning	publisher	Sage Publications
Front Mission	publisher	Square
Front Mission	publisher	Square Enix
The Harmony Silk Factory	publisher	HarperPerennial
The Soul of a Butterfly	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Being Dead	publisher	Viking Press
Blitzkrieg: From the Rise of Hitler to the Fall of Dunkirk	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Sailor Moon Collectible Card Game	publisher	Dart Flipcards Inc.
Computer Law & Security Review	publisher	www.elsevier.com
Solar Assault	publisher	Konami
Cotillion	publisher	Heinemann
The Biographer's Tale	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Arc Light	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Arc Light	publisher	Jove Books
Verdigris	publisher	BBC Books
City of Heroes Collectible Card Game	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
A Fortress of Grey Ice	publisher	Tor Books
Hoyle Card Games	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
WWE Crush Hour	publisher	THQ
The Quiet Gentleman	publisher	Heinemann
The Toll-Gate	publisher	Heinemann
April Lady	publisher	Heinemann
Dreadnought	publisher	Random House
Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom	publisher	Hudson Soft
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Cloudy Mountain	publisher	Mattel Electronics
The Hook	publisher	Hawes Spencer
Narcissus in Chains	publisher	Berkley Books
Jaws	publisher	LJN
The Party of Death	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Hannibal	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Golden Egg	publisher	Uitgeverij Bert Bakker
The Golden Egg	publisher	Random House
Thurn and Taxis	publisher	Hans im Glück
Thurn and Taxis	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Thurn and Taxis	publisher	999
The Siege of Krishnapur	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Vulcan's Hammer	publisher	Ace Books
Firstborn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Calling Out for You	publisher	Random House
Seeking Whom He May Devour	publisher	Viviane Hamy
Seeking Whom He May Devour	publisher	Harvill Secker
The Lover	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Fox Evil	publisher	Pan Books
A Small Death in Lisbon	publisher	HarperCollins
Acid Row	publisher	Pan Books
Blacklist	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Midworld	publisher	Ballantine Books
One of Ours	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cachalot	publisher	Del Rey Books
Voyage to the City of the Dead	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sentenced to Prism	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sacrament	publisher	HarperCollins
Drowning World	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Howling Stones	publisher	Del Rey Books
In a Free State	publisher	André Deutsch
Evil Star	publisher	Walker Books
The Medusa Touch	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Maupiti Island	publisher	Lankhor
Heavy Rain	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Hunter	publisher	Perma Books
Phoenix in Obsidian	publisher	Mayflower
The Unknown Ajax	publisher	Heinemann
The Amazing Spider-Man: Lethal Foes	publisher	Epoch Co.
Bad Bargain	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Gun Blaze West	publisher	Shueisha
Utopia	publisher	Doubleday
Blast from the Past	publisher	Bantam Press
Blast from the Past	publisher	Delacorte Press
Commander – Europe at War	publisher	Matrix Games
L.A.W.	publisher	DC Comics
Diebuster	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
VLDB	publisher	
The House of Dr. Edwardes	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The House of Dr. Edwardes	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Maze Agency	publisher	Comico Comics
Maze Agency	publisher	Innovation Comics
Maze Agency	publisher	Caliber Comics
Maze Agency	publisher	IDW Comics
The City in the Autumn Stars	publisher	Grafton
The Laughter of Carthage	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Walt Disney World Explorer	publisher	Disney Interactive
Koi Koi Seven	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas	publisher	David Fickling Books
Princess Crown	publisher	Sega
Taking Lives	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Taking Lives	publisher	Vintage Books
RayStorm	publisher	Taito Corporation
RayStorm	publisher	Mediaquest
RayStorm	publisher	CyberFront Corporation
RayStorm	publisher	Sourcenext
If Beale Street Could Talk	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Archaeology of Knowledge	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Time and Again	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Cerulean Sins	publisher	Berkley Books
The Time Travellers	publisher	BBC Books
Intellivision Rocks	publisher	Intellivision Productions
Avatar: The Last Airbender Trading Card Game	publisher	Upper Deck Company
TV Tycoon	publisher	eGames
Devi	publisher	Virgin Comics
Ramayan 3392 A.D.	publisher	Virgin Comics
Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Mystery Comics Digest	publisher	Gold Key Comics
Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung-Up Generation	publisher	Regency Books
The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
PS238	publisher	Do Gooder Press
The Emperor	publisher	Vintage International
Divided Loyalties	publisher	BBC Books
The Making of a Moonie	publisher	Blackwell's
The Information Society	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Blood Harvest	publisher	Virgin Books
Iceberg	publisher	Virgin Books
Dead Connection	publisher	Taito
A Demon in My View	publisher	Hutchinson
A Demon in My View	publisher	Doubleday
Nasz Dziennik	publisher	Spes sp. z o.o., Warsaw
BloodNet	publisher	MicroProse
Writer of the Purple Rage	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
NBA Ballers: Phenom	publisher	Midway
High Cotton: Selected Stories of Joe R. Lansdale	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories	publisher	Subterranean Press
Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Blaster Master: Enemy Below	publisher	Sunsoft
Triple Feature	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Good, The Bad, and the Indifferent	publisher	Subterranean Press
Bumper Crop	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Alex Kidd: High-Tech World	publisher	Sega
Sid Meier's Railroads!	publisher	2
Sid Meier's Railroads!	publisher	Feral Interactive
Computerra	publisher	C&C Computer Publishing Limited
Silent Bomber	publisher	Bandai
Strange Girl	publisher	Image Comics
Doing It	publisher	Penguin Books
Atomic Chili	publisher	Mojo Press
Kamisama Kazoku	publisher	Media Factory
Mitsumete Knight	publisher	Konami
Battle Blaze	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Zetman	publisher	Shueisha
Ashanti to Zulu	publisher	Dial Books
The Family Trade	publisher	Tor Books
Obsidian	publisher	SegaSoft
Rocket Jockey	publisher	SegaSoft
Gamerz Heaven	publisher	Mag Garden
Cybermorph	publisher	Atari Corporation
God's Caliph : Religious Authority in the First Centuries of Islam	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Journal of Moral Philosophy	publisher	Brill Publishers
Lego Creator	publisher	Lego Media
Eragon	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World	publisher	Avon
Dragon Quest Retsuden: Roto no Monshō	publisher	Enix
Cassandra	publisher	Mercury Publications
Codename: Kids Next Door – Operation: V.I.D.E.O.G.A.M.E.	publisher	Global Star Software
Dimahoo	publisher	Capcom
Fast Lane	publisher	Konami
Teki Paki	publisher	Toaplan
The House of Stairs	publisher	Viking Press
The House of Stairs	publisher	Harmony Books
Snakecharm	publisher	Delacorte Press
Falcondance	publisher	Delacorte Press Books for Young Readers
Thirteen Steps Down	publisher	Hutchinson
Thirteen Steps Down	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Thirteen Steps Down	publisher	Doubleday
The Rottweiler	publisher	Hutchinson
The Rottweiler	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Rottweiler	publisher	Doubleday
Deep Secret	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Babes in the Wood	publisher	Hutchinson
The Babes in the Wood	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
APB: All Points Bulletin	publisher	Realtime Worlds
APB: All Points Bulletin	publisher	K2 Network
The Thief	publisher	Arrow Books
The Water's Lovely	publisher	Hutchinson
The Water's Lovely	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Water's Lovely	publisher	Doubleday
Akira Psycho Ball	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Piranha to Scurfy	publisher	Hutchinson
Piranha to Scurfy	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Piranha to Scurfy	publisher	Doubleday
Shah of Shahs	publisher	Penguin Modern Classics
Half-Life 2: Episode Two	publisher	Valve Corporation
Red Ninja: End of Honor	publisher	Vivendi Games
Israel Medical Association Journal	publisher	Israel Medical Association
Konami Antiques MSX Collection	publisher	Konami
Harm Done	publisher	Hutchinson
Harm Done	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
A Sight for Sore Eyes	publisher	Hutchinson
A Sight for Sore Eyes	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
A Sight for Sore Eyes	publisher	Doubleday
Road Rage	publisher	Hutchinson
Road Rage	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Keys to the Street	publisher	Hutchinson
The Keys to the Street	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Keys to the Street	publisher	Doubleday
Star Wars: Super Bombad Racing	publisher	LucasArts
Kristin Lavransdatter	publisher	Aschehoug
Sovetsky Sport	publisher	Komsomolskaya Pravda
A Fine Dark Line	publisher	Subterranean Press
A Fine Dark Line	publisher	Mysterious Press
Simisola	publisher	Hutchinson
Simisola	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Three Musketeers	publisher	Legendo
Aspen Seasons	publisher	Aspen Comics
Saru! Get You! Million Monkeys	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Mage Knight: Destiny's Soldier	publisher	Namco Bandai
The Crocodile Bird	publisher	Hutchinson
The Crocodile Bird	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Crocodile Bird	publisher	Doubleday
The Copper Peacock	publisher	Hutchinson
The Copper Peacock	publisher	Mysterious Press
Phylogenesis	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dirge	publisher	Del Rey Books
Shadows in Bronze	publisher	Century UK, Mysterious Press, US
Poseidon's Gold	publisher	Century
Last Act in Palmyra	publisher	Century
Diuturnity's Dawn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Promethean: The Created	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Promethean: The Created	publisher	Onyx Path Publishing
Going Wrong	publisher	Hutchinson
Going Wrong	publisher	Mysterious Press
The Bridesmaid	publisher	Hutchinson
The Bridesmaid	publisher	Mysterious Press
The Bridesmaid	publisher	Doubleday
The Veiled One	publisher	Hutchinson
The Veiled One	publisher	Pantheon Books
Talking to Strange Men	publisher	Hutchinson
Talking to Strange Men	publisher	Pantheon Books
Heartstones	publisher	Hutchinson
Heartstones	publisher	Harper & Row
Popular Music from Vittula	publisher	Seven Stories Press
An Unkindness of Ravens	publisher	Hutchinson
An Unkindness of Ravens	publisher	Pantheon Books
Woman on the Edge of Time	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The New Girlfriend	publisher	Hutchinson
Forbidden	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Spy Fox 3: %22Operation Ozone%22	publisher	Infogrames
The Deeds of the Disturber	publisher	Atheneum Press
Code Age Commanders: Tsugu Mono Tsuga Reru Mono	publisher	Square Enix
Praetorians	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Petopeto-san	publisher	Enterbrain
The Woman in White	publisher	All the Year Round
Saint Petersburg	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Saint Petersburg	publisher	Hans im Glück
Saint Petersburg	publisher	999
The Jewel in the Crown	publisher	Heinemann
The Towers of Silence	publisher	Heinemann
The Towers of Silence	publisher	William Morrow
A Division of the Spoils	publisher	Heinemann
A Division of the Spoils	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Vortex	publisher	Little, Brown and Warner Books
The Loss of El Dorado	publisher	André Deutsch
The Winter King	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Winter King	publisher	St. Martins Press
Enemy of God	publisher	Michael Joseph
Conan Collectible Card Game	publisher	Comic Images
Conan Collectible Card Game	publisher	Frogcatcher Games
The Messenger	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Messenger	publisher	Microïds
Fighting Layer	publisher	Namco
Glory Lane	publisher	Ace Books
Star Gladiator	publisher	Capcom
Pressure Cooker	publisher	Activision
Uncharted Waters Online	publisher	OGPlanet
Uncharted Waters Online	publisher	Koei→Koei Tecmo
The Real Majority	publisher	Coward-Mccann
Pig Island	publisher	Bantam Books
The Garden of Abdul Gasazi	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Speaker of Mandarin	publisher	Hutchinson
The Speaker of Mandarin	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Killing Doll	publisher	Hutchinson
The Killing Doll	publisher	Pantheon Books
Rolling Thunder	publisher	CrimethInc.
Excalibur: A Novel of Arthur	publisher	Michael Joseph
Excalibur: A Novel of Arthur	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dead Moon	publisher	Natsume
The French Connection	publisher	Little, Brown, and Company
Ordinary Jack	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Well of Shiuan	publisher	DAW Books
Exile's Gate	publisher	DAW Books
Gate of Ivrel	publisher	DAW Books
Fires of Azeroth	publisher	DAW Books
The Grand Duchy of Karameikos	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Breakfast in the Ruins	publisher	New English Library
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED C.E. 73 Δ Astray	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Eight Days of Luke	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Specimen Days	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Desperados 2: Cooper's Revenge	publisher	Atari
To Mock a Mockingbird	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Port Royale 2	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Port Royale 2	publisher	Tri-Synergy
Sucker Bait	publisher	Street & Smith
Kagetora	publisher	Kodansha
Et Cetera	publisher	Kodansha
Copeia	publisher	American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists
After the Hole	publisher	Black Swan
Super Dodge Ball Advance	publisher	Atlus
The Cat Ate My Gymsuit	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Fever Tree	publisher	Hutchinson
The Fever Tree	publisher	Pantheon Books
Master of the Moor	publisher	Hutchinson
Master of the Moor	publisher	Pantheon Books
Put on By Cunning	publisher	Hutchinson
Put on By Cunning	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Lake of Darkness	publisher	Hutchinson
The Lake of Darkness	publisher	Doubleday
Means of Evil	publisher	Hutchinson
A Sleeping Life	publisher	Hutchinson
A Sleeping Life	publisher	Doubleday
Corridor	publisher	Penguin Group
Dawn	publisher	Les Editions de Seuil
The Black Flame	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Last Camel Died at Noon	publisher	Warner Books
SD Gundam Force Emaki Musharetsuden	publisher	Kodansha
Baseball Simulator 1.000	publisher	Culture Brain
Code Name: Viper	publisher	Capcom
Atom Bomb Blues	publisher	BBC Books
Fear Itself	publisher	BBC Books
Melbourne University Law Review	publisher	University of Melbourne
Ys I: Ancient Ys Vanished	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Storm Harvest	publisher	BBC Books
City at World's End	publisher	BBC Books
Running Out of Time	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Firetrack	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
Firetrack	publisher	Superior Software
Player's Handbook II	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Endless Saga	publisher	Webzen
Thrillville	publisher	LucasArts
Superman	publisher	McClure Syndicate
Incubus Dreams	publisher	Berkley Books
Wrath of the Gods	publisher	Luminaria
Agile Project Management	publisher	Pearson Education
Agile Project Management	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Initial D: Street Stage	publisher	Sega
The Most Amazing Man Who Ever Lived	publisher	Doubleday
There's a Bat in Bunk Five	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
A Thousand Lies	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Truth and Bright Water	publisher	HarperFlamingo Canada , Atlantic Monthly Press , Grove Press
American Idol	publisher	Codemasters
American Idol	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Atomic Bomberman	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Apt Pupil	publisher	Viking Press
Jalna	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Knights
The Fallen Curtain	publisher	Hutchinson
The Fallen Curtain	publisher	The Crime Club
Shake Hands Forever	publisher	Hutchinson
The Face of Trespass	publisher	Hutchinson
The Face of Trespass	publisher	The Crime Club
Some Lie and Some Die	publisher	Hutchinson
Some Lie and Some Die	publisher	The Crime Club
Murder Being Once Done	publisher	Hutchinson
Murder Being Once Done	publisher	The Crime Club
One Across, Two Down	publisher	Hutchinson
One Across, Two Down	publisher	The Crime Club
No More Dying Then	publisher	Hutchinson
No More Dying Then	publisher	The Crime Club
A Guilty Thing Surprised	publisher	Hutchinson
A Guilty Thing Surprised	publisher	The Crime Club
The Best Man to Die	publisher	John Long
The Best Man to Die	publisher	The Crime Club
A New Lease of Death	publisher	John Long
A New Lease of Death	publisher	The Crime Club
The Secret House of Death	publisher	John Long UK)
The Secret House of Death	publisher	Doubleday
Vanity Dies Hard	publisher	John Long
To Fear a Painted Devil	publisher	John Long
To Fear a Painted Devil	publisher	Doubleday
Ray the Animation	publisher	Akita Shoten
Wolf to the Slaughter	publisher	John Long UK
Wolf to the Slaughter	publisher	The Crime Club
NASCAR 99	publisher	EA Sports
Antiviral Therapy	publisher	International Medical Press
Bush Studies	publisher	Duckworth
Winter in Eden	publisher	Bantam Books
Gimmick!	publisher	Sunsoft
The Godfather Returns	publisher	Random House
Full Spectrum Warrior: Ten Hammers	publisher	THQ
Full Spectrum Warrior: Ten Hammers	publisher	Nordic Games
Motor Toon Grand Prix 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Godfather's Revenge	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Summer of the Monkeys	publisher	Doubleday
Cadillacs and Dinosaurs: The Second Cataclysm	publisher	Sega
Cadillacs and Dinosaurs: The Second Cataclysm	publisher	BMG Interactive
Lion's Blood	publisher	Warner Aspect
AIDS	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Sir Lancelot	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
The Ape Who Guards the Balance	publisher	Avon Books
Dante's Equation	publisher	Del Rey Books
Two to Conquer	publisher	DAW Books
Soul of the Ultimate Nation	publisher	Webzen , The9 ,GameOn, NHN  via ijji, Ingamba
Evolution: Eternal Dungeons	publisher	SNK Playmore
Metal Slug 1st Mission	publisher	SNK
Waterworld	publisher	Ocean Software
Waterworld	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Worms 2	publisher	MicroProse
Family Secrets	publisher	Dutton Books
Shanghai Mini	publisher	SNK
Metal Slug 2nd Mission	publisher	SNK
After Burner III	publisher	Sega
Dirty Harry	publisher	Mindscape
International Journal of Middle East Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press for the Middle East Studies Association of North America
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs	publisher	Andrew I. Killgore
Magical Vacation	publisher	Nintendo
Dragon Booster Trading Card Game	publisher	Score Entertainment
The Minotaur	publisher	Viking
The Minotaur	publisher	Shaye Areheart Books
I Am Not Spock	publisher	Celestial Arts
How Would a Patriot Act%3F	publisher	Working Assets
The Dream of Scipio	publisher	Vintage Books
The Blood Doctor	publisher	Viking Press
The Blood Doctor	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Mazes and Monsters	publisher	Delacorte Press  & Hodder & Stoughton Ltd.
Grasshopper	publisher	Viking Press
Grasshopper	publisher	Harmony Books
The Chimney-sweeper's Boy	publisher	Viking Press
The Chimney-sweeper's Boy	publisher	Harmony Books
Capcom vs. SNK: Millennium Fight 2000	publisher	Capcom
Imagining Argentina	publisher	Doubleday
Red Dragon	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Red Dragon	publisher	Dell Publishing
Tibia Micro Edition	publisher	CipSoft GmbH
Midnight Rain	publisher	New American Library
Lady Sia	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Micah Clarke	publisher	Longman
Philo	publisher	Center for Inquiry
Corpse Marker	publisher	BBC Books
Ridge Racer	publisher	Namco
Axis & Allies	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Tomb of Valdemar	publisher	BBC Books
Grave Matter	publisher	BBC Books
Hollywood, Interrupted	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Door	publisher	East European Monographs/Harvill Secker
Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas	publisher	Riverhead Books
NASCAR 98	publisher	EA Sports
Geology	publisher	Geological Society of America
No Man Knows My History	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Island of Death	publisher	BBC Books
Imperial Moon	publisher	BBC Books
Ancestors of Avalon	publisher	Penguin Books
Heart of TARDIS	publisher	BBC Books
Wolfsbane	publisher	BBC Books
Prime Time	publisher	BBC Books
Instruments of Darkness	publisher	BBC Books
Bullet Time	publisher	BBC Books
Psi-ence Fiction	publisher	BBC Books
Half-Broken Things	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
NASCAR 2001	publisher	EA Sports
Dixie	publisher	Columbia Games
The Shadow in the Glass	publisher	BBC Books
Asylum	publisher	BBC Books
The Master of Petersburg	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Drift	publisher	BBC Books
Relative Dementias	publisher	BBC Books
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs	publisher	Viking Press
Match of the Day	publisher	BBC Books
The Happy Hocky Family!	publisher	Puffin Books
The Algebra of Ice	publisher	BBC Books
The Happy Hocky Family Moves to the Country!	publisher	Puffin Books
Synthespians™	publisher	BBC Books
Mine for Keeps	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
Otogi 2: Immortal Warriors	publisher	Sega
The Eleventh Tiger	publisher	BBC Books
Empire of Death	publisher	BBC Books
Kiss the Girls	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Deadly Reunion	publisher	BBC Books
Among the Betrayed	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Osterman Weekend	publisher	World Publishing Company
Injured Engine	publisher	Imagic
Independence Day	publisher	BBC Books
The King of Terror	publisher	BBC Books
As the Crow Flies	publisher	HarperCollins
Last Orders	publisher	Picador
Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare	publisher	Doubleday
Jimmy Neutron vs. Jimmy Negatron	publisher	THQ
Jimmy Neutron vs. Jimmy Negatron	publisher	Nickelodeon
Rags	publisher	BBC Books
Bunker Soldiers	publisher	BBC Books
The Quantum Archangel	publisher	BBC Books
Superior Beings	publisher	BBC Books
Byzantium!	publisher	BBC Books
Jurassic Park	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Suns of Caresh	publisher	BBC Books
Seifuku Densetsu Pretty Fighter	publisher	Imagineer
The Lost Boy	publisher	Health Communications, Inc.
Aero Fighters Assault	publisher	Video System
The Hawk Eternal	publisher	Legend Books
The Balkans Since 1453	publisher	Holt McDougal
Loving the Alien	publisher	BBC Books
Blue Box	publisher	BBC Books
Fear of the Dark	publisher	BBC Books
Lock 'n' Chase	publisher	Data East, Taito
KronoScope	publisher	Brill Publishers
Ten Little Aliens	publisher	BBC Books
No Longer Human	publisher	New Directions
Warmonger	publisher	BBC Books
Amorality Tale	publisher	BBC Books
Palace of the Red Sun	publisher	BBC Books
Among the Barons	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Video Pinball	publisher	Atari Inc.
The Good Guys	publisher	Defiant Comics
MechWarrior 4: Mercenaries	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios / Studio MekTek Inc.
The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
The White Mercedes	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Weapons of the Gods	publisher	Eos Press
The Penguin Encyclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural	publisher	Viking Press
Arashi no Yoru ni	publisher	Kodansha
The Undercover Economist	publisher	Little, Brown
The Front Runner	publisher	William Morrow & Company, Inc., New York
The Bisexual Option	publisher	Harrington Park Press
Believers	publisher	Shogakukan
A Pretext for War	publisher	Doubleday
El Tribuno	publisher	Juan Carlos Romero
DinoPark Tycoon	publisher	MECC
Godless: The Church of Liberalism	publisher	Crown Forum
In Search of a Distant Voice	publisher	Faber & Faber
N-Space	publisher	Tor Books
Vet Emergency 2	publisher	Legacy Interactive
Ex-Mutants	publisher	Eternity Comics \\ Amazing Comics \\ Pied Piper Comics \\ Malibu Comics
Ghostbusters	publisher	West End Games
The Day After the Day the Martians Came	publisher	Doubleday
A Toy for Juliette	publisher	Doubleday
The Night That All Time Broke Out	publisher	Doubleday
Gonna Roll the Bones	publisher	Harlan Ellison
The Happy Breed	publisher	Doubleday
The Loveday Loyalty	publisher	Hodder Headline
Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Muncher	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Molecular Informatics	publisher	Wiley VCH
Jennifer Capriati Tennis	publisher	Telenet Japan
Jennifer Capriati Tennis	publisher	Sega
Dungeonquest	publisher	Brio AB
Dungeonquest	publisher	Games Workshop
Dungeonquest	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
Enter the Saint	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Jack of Fables	publisher	Vertigo Comics
My Brother Sam Is Dead	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Micah	publisher	Jove Books
Moscow to Berlin: Red Siege	publisher	Cinemaware Marquee
Star Trek: Shattered Universe	publisher	TDK Mediactive
The Old New Land	publisher	Seemann Nachf
Petals on the Wind	publisher	Simon & Schuster
If There Be Thorns	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Seeds of Yesterday	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Three Evangelists	publisher	Random House
Garden of Shadows	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Black Book	publisher	Orion Books
Cinder and Ashe	publisher	DC Comics
There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom	publisher	Yearling Books
Cineaste	publisher	Cineaste Publishers
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Knights
Have Mercy on Us All	publisher	Viviane Hamy
Have Mercy on Us All	publisher	The Harvill Press
Midnight Magic	publisher	Atari
Man on Fire	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Web of Dreams	publisher	Pocket Books
Dawn	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Secrets of the Morning	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Twilight's Child	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Midnight Whispers	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Knots and Crosses	publisher	The Bodley Head
To Live Again	publisher	Doubleday
Dance till Tomorrow	publisher	Shogakukan
Psycho	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Deadstone Memorial	publisher	BBC Books
Otherness	publisher	Orbit
To the Slaughter	publisher	BBC Books
The Sleep of Reason	publisher	BBC Books
Marnie	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Dungeon Runners	publisher	NCSOFT
Halflife	publisher	BBC Books
Sometime Never...	publisher	BBC Books
Emotional Chemistry	publisher	BBC Books
Timeless	publisher	BBC Books
The Last Resort	publisher	BBC Books
Reckless Engineering	publisher	BBC Books
The Infinity Race	publisher	BBC Books
The Domino Effect	publisher	BBC Books
Time Zero	publisher	BBC Books
Camera Obscura	publisher	BBC Books
History 101	publisher	BBC Books
The Crooked World	publisher	BBC Books
The Book of the Still	publisher	BBC Books
Trading Futures	publisher	BBC Books
The Scapegoat	publisher	Baen Books
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Ayanami Raising Project	publisher	Gainax
Hope	publisher	BBC Books
Strike Fleet	publisher	Electronic Arts
Transformers: Victory	publisher	Kodansha
The %22Hitler Myth%22: Image and Reality in the Third Reich	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Space Sheriff Spirits	publisher	Bandai
Soft City	publisher	The Harvill Press
Hide and Seek	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Biomotor Unitron	publisher	SNK Playmore
Strip Jack	publisher	Orion Books
Neo Turf Masters	publisher	SNK Playmore
StarCraft: The Board Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Mortal Causes	publisher	Orion Books
Wetlands	publisher	New World Computing
Let It Bleed	publisher	Orion Books
Raskens	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Poison	publisher	Gyldendal
Black & Blue	publisher	Orion Books
Involuntary Witness	publisher	Bitter Lemon Press
De Bello Africo	publisher	unknown
De Bello Hispaniensi	publisher	unknown
The Hanging Garden	publisher	Orion Books
Dead Souls	publisher	Orion Books
Set in Darkness	publisher	Orion Books
Resurrection Men	publisher	Orion Books
Monty Python's Complete Waste of Time	publisher	7
A Question of Blood	publisher	Orion Books
Lego Creator: Harry Potter	publisher	Lego Software
Lego Creator: Harry Potter	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lego Creator: Harry Potter	publisher	Lego Interactive
Trapt	publisher	Tecmo
Mad Dogs and Englishmen	publisher	BBC Books
The Falls	publisher	Orion Books
The Naming of the Dead	publisher	Orion
Fleshmarket Close	publisher	Orion Books
The Hiding Place	publisher	Book.asp?isbn=978-0-8007-9405-7
One Piece: Pirates' Carnival	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Aidyn Chronicles: The First Mage	publisher	THQ
Kirarin Revolution	publisher	Shogakukan
Four Women	publisher	Homage Comics
The Ultimate Evil	publisher	Target Books
Peveril of the Peak	publisher	Constable and Co.
Weir of Hermiston	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Beetlejuice	publisher	LJN
The Ant Bully	publisher	Midway Games
Pitman	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Mobile Forces	publisher	Majesco and subsequently, Sold Out software
Witch Hunt	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Bleeding Hearts	publisher	Orion Books
Blood Hunt	publisher	Hodder Headline
The Adventuress of Henrietta Street	publisher	BBC Books
Grimm Reality	publisher	BBC Books
Before the Fact	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Talented Mr. Ripley	publisher	Coward-McCann
The Talented Mr. Ripley	publisher	Cresset Press
The Gene Wars universe	publisher	HarperCollins
Combat Mission: Shock Force	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Rockman & Forte Mirai kara no Chōsensha	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Rockman Battle & Fighters	publisher	Capcom
Timewyrm: Exodus	publisher	Virgin Books
Eye of the Beholder II: The Legend of Darkmoon	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Eye of the Beholder II: The Legend of Darkmoon	publisher	Cybille
Eye of the Beholder II: The Legend of Darkmoon	publisher	Capcom
Eye of the Beholder III: Assault on Myth Drannor	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Eye of the Beholder III: Assault on Myth Drannor	publisher	Ving Co., Ltd.
Timewyrm: Apocalypse	publisher	Virgin Books
Timewyrm: Revelation	publisher	Virgin Books
The Crew	publisher	Marvel Comics
On Acting	publisher	Holiday House
Confessions of an Actor	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wizardry	publisher	The Edge
Mystaria: The Realms of Lore	publisher	Sega
The Farseekers	publisher	Viking Books
Obernewtyn	publisher	Penguin Books
The Keeping Place	publisher	Viking Press Australia
Secret Windows	publisher	Book-of-the-Month Club
The Eye	publisher	Phaedra
Darkfall	publisher	Viking Australia
Primal Fear	publisher	Villard
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake	publisher	1
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake	publisher	2
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake	publisher	3
Violine	publisher	Dupuis
Managra	publisher	Virgin Books
Tetris	publisher	Nintendo
Drift House: The First Voyage	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Drift House: The First Voyage	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Pirates of the Caribbean Trading Card Game	publisher	Upper Deck Company
Fantastic Four 2099	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ghost Rider 2099	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Professor of Desire	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Dreams from My Father	publisher	Times Books
Dreams from My Father	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Last Hero	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Winner Takes All	publisher	BBC Books
WWF Superstars	publisher	LJN
Devil's Game	publisher	Dell Publishing
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Combined Assault	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Letter from the Clearys	publisher	Dell Magazines
The Naked Woman	publisher	Vintage UK
The Naked Woman	publisher	Random House
That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Evolution	publisher	Virgin Books
Ibara	publisher	AMI
Ibara	publisher	Taito Corporation
Venusian Lullaby	publisher	Virgin Books
State of Change	publisher	Virgin Books
The Romance of Crime	publisher	Virgin Books
Millennial Rites	publisher	Virgin Books
Lords of the Storm	publisher	Virgin Books
WWF Superstars 2	publisher	LJN
Cold Fusion	publisher	Virgin Books
Gyo	publisher	Shogakukan
Time of Your Life	publisher	Virgin Books
Dancing the Code	publisher	Virgin Books
The Menagerie	publisher	Virgin Books
System Shock	publisher	Virgin Books
The Sorcerer's Apprentice	publisher	Virgin Books
Invasion of the Cat-People	publisher	Virgin Books
The Man in the Velvet Mask	publisher	Virgin Books
The English Way of Death	publisher	Virgin Books
The Eye of the Giant	publisher	Virgin Books
The Shadow of Weng-Chiang	publisher	Virgin Books
Twilight of the Gods	publisher	Virgin Books
Speed of Flight	publisher	Virgin Books
The Plotters	publisher	Virgin Books
Burning Heart	publisher	Virgin Books
A Device of Death	publisher	Virgin Books
The Dark Path	publisher	Virgin Books
Target: Terror	publisher	Konami
Happy Endings	publisher	Virgin Books
The Also People	publisher	Virgin Books
Brigadoon: Marin & Melan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dungeons & Dragons: Heroes	publisher	Atari
The Begum's Fortune	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Space Station Seventh Grade	publisher	Little, Brown
The Prophet of Yonwood	publisher	Random House
Weirdworld	publisher	Marvel Comics
Old Man's War	publisher	Tor Books
Cat's Cradle: Time's Crucible	publisher	Virgin Books
Super Monkey Ball Deluxe	publisher	Sega
Cat's Cradle: Warhead	publisher	Virgin Books
Cat's Cradle: Witch Mark	publisher	Virgin Books
Nightshade	publisher	Virgin Books
Kotencotenco	publisher	Kodansha
Transit	publisher	Virgin Books
Love and War	publisher	Virgin Books
Guild Wars Nightfall	publisher	NCSOFT
The Highest Science	publisher	Virgin Books
In Defense of Global Capitalism	publisher	Timbro
The Pit	publisher	Virgin Books
Deceit	publisher	Virgin Books
Lucifer Rising	publisher	Virgin Books
Shadowmind	publisher	Virgin Books
White Darkness	publisher	Virgin Books
Blood Heat	publisher	Virgin Books
The Dimension Riders	publisher	Virgin Books
Tragedy Day	publisher	Virgin Books
The Left-Handed Hummingbird	publisher	Virgin Books
No Future	publisher	Virgin Books
Legacy	publisher	Virgin Books
Conundrum	publisher	Virgin Books
Theatre of War	publisher	Virgin Books
To Reign in Hell	publisher	Steeldragon Press
T3	publisher	Nial Ferguson
Strange England	publisher	Virgin Books
First Frontier	publisher	Virgin Books
St Anthony's Fire	publisher	Virgin Books
Parasite	publisher	Virgin Books
Falls the Shadow	publisher	Virgin Books
Warlock	publisher	Virgin Books
Infinite Requiem	publisher	Virgin Books
Sanctuary	publisher	Virgin Books
Set Piece	publisher	Virgin Books
Sharpe's Waterloo	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Sky Pirates!	publisher	Virgin Books
Zamper	publisher	Virgin Books
Toy Soldiers	publisher	Virgin Books
Head Games	publisher	Virgin Books
Warchild	publisher	Virgin Books
Sleepy	publisher	Virgin Books
Death and Diplomacy	publisher	Virgin Books
GodEngine	publisher	Virgin Books
Christmas on a Rational Planet	publisher	Virgin Books
Return of the Living Dad	publisher	Virgin Books
The Death of Art	publisher	Virgin Books
Eternity Weeps	publisher	Virgin Books
The Room with No Doors	publisher	Virgin Books
Bad Therapy	publisher	Virgin Books
So Vile a Sin	publisher	Virgin Books
Twilight of the Gods	publisher	Virgin Books
Artemis Fowl: The Seventh Dwarf	publisher	Puffin Books
The Piano Teacher	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
The Lost Weekend	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Devil to the Belt	publisher	Warner Aspect
The City of the Dead	publisher	BBC Books
The Bodysnatchers	publisher	BBC Books
War of the Daleks	publisher	BBC Books
Dark Progeny	publisher	BBC Books
Genocide	publisher	BBC Books
The Slow Empire	publisher	BBC Books
The Year of Intelligent Tigers	publisher	BBC Books
The Innocent Man: Murder and Injustice in a Small Town	publisher	Doubleday
Kursaal	publisher	BBC Books
Alien Bodies	publisher	BBC Books
Option Lock	publisher	BBC Books
Eater of Wasps	publisher	BBC Books
Vanishing Point	publisher	BBC Books
Revolutionary Wealth	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
EarthWorld	publisher	BBC Books
The God Delusion	publisher	Bantam Books
To Ride Pegasus	publisher	Ballantine Books
Escape Velocity	publisher	BBC Books
Father Time	publisher	BBC Books
Endgame	publisher	BBC Books
Pac-Man: Adventures in Time	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
The Turing Test	publisher	BBC Books
Casualties of War	publisher	BBC Books
Speaking with the Angel	publisher	Penguin Books
The Burning	publisher	BBC Books
Gokudo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gokudo	publisher	MediaWorks
Urban Chaos: Riot Response	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Club Penguin	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Banquo Legacy	publisher	BBC Books
The Space Age	publisher	BBC Books
The Doll	publisher	Gebethner i Wolff
Coldheart	publisher	BBC Books
Rocket Raccoon	publisher	Marvel Comics
Kamen Rider SD	publisher	DX Bombom
Kamen Rider SD	publisher	Comic Bom Bom
Kamen Rider SD	publisher	CoroCoro Comic
Kamen Rider SD	publisher	Terebi Land
The Outpost	publisher	Gebethner i Wolff (pl), Warsaw
Aerostar	publisher	Vic Tokai
Longest Day	publisher	BBC Books
Legacy of the Daleks	publisher	BBC Books
Dreamstone Moon	publisher	BBC Books
Seeing I	publisher	BBC Books
Placebo Effect	publisher	BBC Books
The Fall of Yquatine	publisher	BBC Books
The Taking of Planet 5	publisher	BBC Books
The Taint	publisher	BBC Books
The Face-Eater	publisher	BBC Books
Xiaolin Showdown	publisher	Konami
Xiaolin Showdown	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Itoi Shigesato no Bass Tsuri No. 1	publisher	Nintendo
Beltempest	publisher	BBC Books
The Blue Angel	publisher	BBC Books
The Janus Conjunction	publisher	BBC Books
Frontier Worlds	publisher	BBC Books
Vanderdeken's Children	publisher	BBC Books
Parallel 59	publisher	BBC Books
The Scarlet Empress	publisher	BBC Books
Someday Angeline	publisher	Avon Books
The Shadows of Avalon	publisher	BBC Books
Bookworm	publisher	PopCap Games
Demontage	publisher	BBC Books
Revolution Man	publisher	BBC Books
Dominion	publisher	BBC Books
The Tone Rebellion	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Unnatural History	publisher	BBC Books
Autumn Mist	publisher	BBC Books
Interference – Book One	publisher	BBC Books
Interference – Book Two	publisher	BBC Books
The People of Paper	publisher	McSweeney's
The People of Paper	publisher	Mariner Books
Featuring the Saint	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Hollywood Takes	publisher	Doubleday
The Bunce	publisher	Michael Joseph
Dark Sun: Wake of the Ravager	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc., Mindscape
A Rose Beyond the Thames	publisher	The Bodley Head
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III: Radical Rescue	publisher	Konami
The Redwater Raid	publisher	Coronet Books
French Leave	publisher	Robert Hale
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: Back from the Sewers	publisher	Konami
A Martian Odyssey	publisher	Gernsback Publications
H.E.R.O.	publisher	DC Comics
Alias the Saint	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
She Was a Lady	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Bronze God of Rhodes	publisher	Doubleday
Saving the Queen	publisher	Doubleday
Night Work	publisher	Bantam Books
With Child	publisher	St. Martin's Press
A Monstrous Regiment of Women	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Stained Glass	publisher	Doubleday
The Art of Detection	publisher	Bantam Books
A Letter of Mary	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Black Moth	publisher	Heinemann
To Play the Fool	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Absolute Zero	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Holy Terror	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Getaway	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Once More the Saint	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Ship of Fools	publisher	Virgin Books
Down	publisher	Virgin Books
Deadfall	publisher	Virgin Books
Yourself!Fitness	publisher	Respondesign
Yourself!Fitness	publisher	Ubisoft
Ghost Devices	publisher	Virgin Books
Tempest	publisher	Virgin Books
Mean Streets	publisher	Virgin Books
The Medusa Effect	publisher	Virgin Books
Oblivion	publisher	Virgin Books
Dry Pilgrimage	publisher	Virgin Books
The Sword of Forever	publisher	Virgin Books
Another Girl, Another Planet	publisher	Virgin Books
Macho Women with Guns	publisher	Blacksburg Tactical Research Center
Where Angels Fear	publisher	Virgin Books
Beige Planet Mars	publisher	Virgin Books
The Mary-Sue Extrusion	publisher	Virgin Books
Dead Romance	publisher	Virgin Books
Tears of the Oracle	publisher	Virgin Books
The Joy Device	publisher	Virgin Books
Return to the Fractured Planet	publisher	Virgin Books
The Sun	publisher	Ba Pe
Presumed Innocent	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Serpent's Reach	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
Do! Run Run	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Saint Goes On	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal	publisher	The Crime Club
Billiards at Half-Past Nine	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
The Brighter Buccaneer	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Boodle	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Himawari!	publisher	Hakusensha
Charlemagne	publisher	Defiant Comics
Kage Kara Mamoru!	publisher	Media Factory
Seven Little Australians	publisher	Ward, Lock and Bowden
Steel Gunner	publisher	Namco
Steel Gunner 2	publisher	Namco
Golly! Ghost!	publisher	Namco
NebulasRay	publisher	Namco
The Pinball of the Dead	publisher	Sega
Crux	publisher	CrossGen
Stalingrad	publisher	Viking Press
Stalingrad	publisher	Penguin Books
What to Do After You Hit Return	publisher	Hayden Publishing
What to Do After You Hit Return	publisher	SAMS Publishing
Alan Moore's Yuggoth Cultures and Other Growths	publisher	Avatar Press
Pirates: The Legend of Black Kat	publisher	Electronic Arts
Valley of Dreams	publisher	Gernsback Publications
Killing Time in St. Cloud	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Ace of Knaves	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Ace of Knaves	publisher	The Crime Club
Thieves' Picnic	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Around the Moon	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Time Crisis: Project Titan	publisher	Namco
The Fall of Neskaya	publisher	DAW Books
Prelude for War	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Prelude for War	publisher	The Crime Club
The Devil's Tune	publisher	Robson Books
Frankenstein: Through the Eyes of the Monster	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Comic Bakery	publisher	Konami
Comic Bakery	publisher	Imagine Software
The Orion Conspiracy	publisher	Domark
Rocket Mania!	publisher	PopCap Games
The Doctor's Wife	publisher	Kodansha International
Follow the Saint	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Follow the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
The Happy Highwayman	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Happy Highwayman	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint in Miami	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint Goes West	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint Goes West	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Day of the Dog	publisher	A. L. Burt
The Saint Steps In	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint Steps In	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Saint on Guard	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint Sees it Through	publisher	The Crime Club
Big Air Freestyle	publisher	Infogrames
Black & Bruised	publisher	Majesco
Black & Bruised	publisher	VU Games
Bionicle Heroes	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Bionicle Heroes	publisher	Square Enix
Call for the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Call for the Saint	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Saint Errant	publisher	The Crime Club
Throat Sprockets	publisher	Doubleday
Computer Bismarck	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
The Saint in Europe	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Saint on the Spanish Main	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint Around the World	publisher	The Crime Club
Thanks to the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Comptes rendus de l'Académie des sciences	publisher	Elsevier of behalf of the French Academy of Sciences
The Hardy Boys Detective Handbook	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Third	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Third	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience	publisher	MIT Press
The 80s: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Concept of the Corporation	publisher	John Day Company
Nester's Funky Bowling	publisher	Nintendo
Virtual League Baseball	publisher	Kemco
Tokko	publisher	Kodansha
Desecration	publisher	Tyndale House
The Regime	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Dragon Warriors	publisher	Corgi Books
Skyrealms of Jorune	publisher	SkyRealms Publishing, later Chessex
Scorcher	publisher	IPC Media
Living Steel	publisher	Leading Edge Games
ESWAT: City under Siege	publisher	Sega
Rimrunners	publisher	Warner Books
Señor Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Señor Saint	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Saint to the Rescue	publisher	The Crime Club
Finity's End	publisher	Warner Books
Merchanter's Luck	publisher	DAW Books
Tripoint	publisher	Warner Books
Trust the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Trust the Saint	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Saint in the Sun	publisher	The Crime Club
Vuk	publisher	Mora Konyvkiado
Front Line	publisher	Taito
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 3: Night of the Quinkan	publisher	Activision
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 3: Night of the Quinkan	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Glide Path	publisher	Harcourt Brace
RalliSport Challenge	publisher	Microsoft Studios
F1 Racing Championship	publisher	Video System
F1 Racing Championship	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Enrique's Journey	publisher	Random House
Kira-Kira	publisher	Atheneum Books
A Feast Unknown	publisher	Essex House
BlowOut	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
RoboSport	publisher	Maxis
An Anthropologist on Mars	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Butt-Ugly Martians: Zoom or Doom	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Butt-Ugly Martians: Zoom or Doom	publisher	Vivendi Games
Bomberman Land 2	publisher	Hudson Soft
Eternity	publisher	Warner Books
Sudeki	publisher	Xbox
Sudeki	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Sudeki	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Sudeki	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Draconomicon	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Draconomicon	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Settlers II 10th Anniversary	publisher	Ubisoft
The Organon of the Healing Art	publisher	W.F. Wakeman
Frogger	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Lament of the Lamb	publisher	Gentosha
Men Only	publisher	Paul Raymond Publications
F1	publisher	Domark
F1	publisher	Tengen
Pokémon Battle Revolution	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Şalom	publisher	İvo Molinas
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary	publisher	Edward Arnold
Pizza Frenzy	publisher	PopCap Games
The Saint on TV	publisher	The Crime Club
The Two of Them	publisher	Berkley Books
The Saint Returns	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint and the Fiction Makers	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint Abroad	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint in Pursuit	publisher	The Crime Club
Star Control 3	publisher	Accolade
The Zanzibar Cat	publisher	Arkham House
The Hidden Side of the Moon	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Highlanders	publisher	Target Books
Mindtrap	publisher	Mastertronic
The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate	publisher	Doubleday
The Blue Equinox	publisher	Ordo Templi Orientis
Lord of the Trees	publisher	Ace Books
Rack-O	publisher	Alga , Grow Jogos e Brinquedos, Hasbro, Jumbo, Milton Bradley, Nathan, Parker Brothers, Ravensburger, and Winning Moves
Bugs Bunny Rabbit Rampage	publisher	Sunsoft
Never End	publisher	Harvill Secker
Physiologia Plantarum	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Scandinavian Plant Physiology Society
The Saint and the People Importers	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Catch the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2005 Adventures	publisher	Activision Value
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2005 Adventures	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace	publisher	The Crime Club
Sins of a Solar Empire	publisher	Stardock
Locked Rooms	publisher	25
Towards the End of the Morning	publisher	Harvill Press
Towards the End of the Morning	publisher	Viking Press
Lost	publisher	William Morrow and Company
True20	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
CTU: Marine Sharpshooter	publisher	Groove Games
Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien	publisher	W. Engelmann
Lost Souls	publisher	Delacorte Press
Syllabus der Pflanzenfamilien	publisher	Gebrüder Borntraeger Verlag
Exquisite Corpse	publisher	Touchstone Books
Fairy Tales	publisher	Pavilion Books
Entomorph: Plague of the Darkfall	publisher	Mindscape Group
The Beast Within: A Gabriel Knight Mystery	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Hodj 'n' Podj	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Sega Bass Fishing	publisher	Sega
Send for the Saint	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Saint in Trouble	publisher	The Crime Club
The Saint and the Templar Treasure	publisher	The Crime Club
Salvage for the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Count on the Saint	publisher	The Crime Club
Capture the Saint	publisher	The Saint Club
Stacked with Daniel Negreanu	publisher	Myelin Media
Re-Mission	publisher	HopeLab
Pop-up Pirate	publisher	Tomy
GURPS Planet of Adventure	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
A Boy in France	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
Halcyon	publisher	Neuwerld Studios
Half-Life	publisher	Alyson Publications
When the People Fell	publisher	Baen Books
Spacewar!	publisher	Steve Russell
Londonstani	publisher	Fourth Estate
Rugby League 2	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Freckles	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
A Whole New Mind	publisher	Riverhead Books
Melbourne Cup Challenge	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
The Darkest Road	publisher	Collins Canada
Cavaliers and Roundheads	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Moondyne	publisher	P. J. Kennedy
The Beautiful Boy	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
The Flanders Panel	publisher	Alfaguara ,
The Flanders Panel	publisher	Harcourt Brace & Company
The Secret World of Og	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Fourth Bear	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Doctor Who – Battles in Time	publisher	G E Fabbri
Letter to a Christian Nation	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Letter to a Christian Nation	publisher	Vintage Books
Insatiability	publisher	Dom Książki Polskiej
Zone 66	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Parasol Henbē	publisher	Kodansha
Red Garden	publisher	Gentosha
The Right to Arm Bears	publisher	Baen Books
Robowarrior	publisher	Jaleco
The Snake, the Crocodile, and the Dog	publisher	Warner Books
Nancy Drew: Curse of Blackmoor Manor	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
The Charnel Prince	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Sweetest Fig	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
ATV Offroad Fury 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
ATV Offroad Fury 2	publisher	THQ
Modesty Blaise	publisher	Souvenir Press
A Taste for Death	publisher	Souvenir Press
Sabre-Tooth	publisher	Souvenir Press
International Journal of American Linguistics	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Impossible Virgin	publisher	Souvenir Press
Last Day in Limbo	publisher	Souvenir Press
Dragon's Claw	publisher	Souvenir Press
The Night of Morningstar	publisher	Souvenir Press
Dead Man's Handle	publisher	Souvenir Press
Jack Maggs	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Jack Maggs	publisher	Faber & Faber
Jack Maggs	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Final Reflection	publisher	Pocket Books
Battle Angel Alita: Last Order	publisher	Shueisha
Battle Angel Alita: Last Order	publisher	Kodansha
Junior	publisher	Mirimax
Monster Hunter Freedom	publisher	Capcom
Who Killed Kennedy	publisher	Virgin Books
Attacker You!	publisher	Kodansha
Ragnarock City	publisher	Gakken
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Konami
The Gospel According to Adam	publisher	http://www.darmerit.netMerit Publishing House
The Frog Prince, Continued	publisher	Scholastic, Inc.
The Ninja Warriors	publisher	Taito Corporation
Race, Evolution, and Behavior	publisher	Transaction Books, later The Charles Darwin Research Institute
Tecmo Knight	publisher	Tecmo
The Wild Geese	publisher	Tuttle Publishing
After the First Death	publisher	Pantheon Books
Warpath: Jurassic Park	publisher	Electronic Arts
Un Lun Dun	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Star Trek: Klingon Academy	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Field Commander	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Kenseiden	publisher	Sega
The Keeper of the Isis Light	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Tarzan: The Epic Adventures	publisher	Del Rey Books
Toobin'	publisher	Domark
Fury	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
The Last Thing He Wanted	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dino Master	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Conundrum	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Cuckoo's Egg	publisher	DAW Books
The Lioness	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dark Thane	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Spin	publisher	Tor Books
Test Drive: Eve of Destruction	publisher	Atari
Mosquitoes	publisher	Boni & Liveright, Inc.
Fear Is the Key	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Fear Is the Key	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Frankenstein's Aunt	publisher	Loewe
All or Nothing	publisher	Abbex
Motor Toon Grand Prix	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
America vs. the Justice Society	publisher	DC Comics
Return to Mysterious Island	publisher	The Adventure Company
Dilbert's Desktop Games	publisher	DreamWorks Interactive
Borkmann's Point	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Parasite Planet	publisher	Street & Smith
Dr. Franklin's Island	publisher	Wendy Lamb Books
Dr. Franklin's Island	publisher	Random House
Memoirs of a Survivor	publisher	Octagon Press
The Twenty-Seventh City	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Bancroft Strategy	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Australia in the War of 1939–1945	publisher	Australian War Memorial
ECW Hardcore Revolution	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Glass and Amber	publisher	NESFA Press
The Silver Donkey	publisher	Viking Press
Back in the USSA	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
The Motel Life	publisher	Faber and Faber
Vampire Knight	publisher	Hakusensha
Adams Fall	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Der Bund	publisher	Charles von Graffenried
Scarlet	publisher	Scarlet Media Limited
Hue	publisher	Simulations Design Corporation
Hue	publisher	Mayfair Games
GURPS Discworld	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Hammer and the Cross	publisher	Legend Books
The Hippopotamus Pool	publisher	Warner Books
Ultra Vortek	publisher	Atari
Ode to Gallantry	publisher	Ming Pao
That Book ...of Perfectly Useless Information	publisher	HarperCollins  & Transworld Publishers
The Mad Goblin	publisher	Ace Books
What Dreams May Come	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Abbey Series	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Top Spin	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Top Spin	publisher	2
Top Spin	publisher	Atari
Now It's My Turn	publisher	Pocket Books
Captain Tsubasa: Ōgon Sedai no Chōsen	publisher	Konami
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures	publisher	Activision
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2	publisher	Activision
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Carmen Sandiego: The Secret of the Stolen Drums	publisher	The Learning Company
The Peacekeepers	publisher	Pocket Books
Strike Zone	publisher	Pocket Books
Al-Qadim: The Genie's Curse	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Charlotte Gray	publisher	Random House
Nancy Drew: Secret of the Scarlet Hand	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Four Swords	publisher	Nintendo
Dragons of Light	publisher	Ace Books
Blackrock	publisher	Currency Press
Suicide Circle: The Complete Edition	publisher	Kawade Shobo Shinsha
Ninja Gaiden 3	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Betsey Brown	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Outrageous Betrayal	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Gundam War Collectible Card Game	publisher	Bandai
Belle Kendrick Abbott	publisher	Baker, Pratt & Company
Blitzkrieg 2	publisher	CDV Software
ClanDestine	publisher	Marvel Comics
Howard Journal of Criminal Justice	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell, on behalf of the Howard League for Penal Reform
Q & A	publisher	Doubleday
TV Century 21	publisher	City Magazines
Wash This Blood Clean from My Hand	publisher	Viviane Hamy
Wash This Blood Clean from My Hand	publisher	The Harvill Press
Starlord	publisher	MicroProse
Starlord	publisher	Retroism
Starlord	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Methods in Enzymology	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Bacteriology	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
The Golden Wind	publisher	Doubleday
On the Edge	publisher	Atlas Games
The Arrangement	publisher	Stein and Day  & Avon
Level E	publisher	Shueisha
ECW Anarchy Rulz	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
IS – internal section	publisher	Square Co., Ltd.
District and Circle	publisher	Faber and Faber
District and Circle	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Log from the Sea of Cortez	publisher	1951
Doug's Big Game	publisher	NewKidCo
Paul McCartney: Many Years from Now	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Paul McCartney: Many Years from Now	publisher	Vintage
Woodsmen of the West	publisher	Edward Arnold
The Art of Dreaming	publisher	HarperCollins
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Roleplaying Game	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
Between Silk and Cyanide	publisher	HarperCollins
The Last Unicorn	publisher	Viking Press
The Coal Question	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Coal Question	publisher	London
Uncharted: Drake's Fortune	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Dragon Ball Z: Sagas	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Marilyn Ferguson	publisher	Jeremy P. Tarcher
Programming the Universe	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
SD Gundam Musha Banchō Fūunroku	publisher	Kodansha
The Outpost	publisher	Tor Books
Casper: Spirit Dimensions	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Casper: Spirit Dimensions	publisher	Harvey Films
Catwoman	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pokémon Trading Figure Game	publisher	Pokémon USA Inc.
Hyperkind	publisher	Razorline
Diplomatic Immunity	publisher	Baen Books
Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Gregor and the Marks of Secret	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Gakuen Alice	publisher	Hakusensha
Satan Speaks!	publisher	Feral House
The Beast Master	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
The Sacred Art of Stealing	publisher	Abacus
Spawn: The Eternal	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Spawn: The Eternal	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Planet of Doubt	publisher	Street & Smith
Allegiance: War of Factions	publisher	Lucid Raven Productions
Onimusha Blade Warriors	publisher	Capcom
Onimusha Tactics	publisher	Capcom
Onimusha 2: Samurai's Destiny	publisher	Capcom
Onimusha: Warlords	publisher	Capcom
Poodle Springs	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Betrayal	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Abyssinian	publisher	W W Norton
The Type One Super Robot	publisher	André Deutsch Ltd
Spawn: In the Demon's Hand	publisher	Capcom
The Electronic Revolution	publisher	Expanded Media Editions
Slalom	publisher	Nintendo
The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision	publisher	Warner Books Inc.
Beatrice's Goat	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The Guardian of Isis	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Knightmare	publisher	Activision Inc
The Isis Pedlar	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Flames of Freedom	publisher	Rainbird
Flames of Freedom	publisher	MicroProse
Boule et Bill	publisher	Dupuis
Boule et Bill	publisher	Dargaud
Boule et Bill	publisher	Cinebook Ltd
Breakdown: How America's Intelligence Failures Led to September 11	publisher	Penguin Group
The Howling	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Critical Care Medicine	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the Society of Critical Care Medicine
Sōten Kōro	publisher	Kodansha
Eight Little Piggies	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
An Urchin in the Storm	publisher	W.W. Norton
The Flamingo's Smile	publisher	Norton
The Panda's Thumb	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Unwritten Girl	publisher	Dundurn Group
NASCAR 07	publisher	EA Sports
Sten Adventures Book 1: Sten	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Skate or Die 2: The Search for Double Trouble	publisher	Electronic Arts
Monkeewrench	publisher	Penguin Books
The Broom of the System	publisher	Viking Press
Live Bait	publisher	Penguin Books
Mr. Brown Can Moo! Can You%3F	publisher	Random House
Mighty Samson	publisher	Western Publishing
Biophysical Journal	publisher	Cell Press
Star Trek: Starfleet Command III	publisher	Activision
The Disowned Self	publisher	Bantam Books
What's Michael%3F	publisher	Kodansha
Seeing a Large Cat	publisher	Warner Books
Black Dahlia	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Banana	publisher	Victor Musical Industries
For Owen	publisher	Signet Books
The Parched Sea	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Face of the Enemy	publisher	HarperCollins
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
My Uncle Napoleon	publisher	Random House
Hawaiian Dick	publisher	Image Comics
Unknown Man No. 89	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven	publisher	Perennial/Atlantic Monthly Press
Beasts of No Nation	publisher	Harper Perennial
Speed Freaks	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions	publisher	Pandher Books
The Lotus Eaters	publisher	Street & Smith
War Front: Turning Point	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
War Front: Turning Point	publisher	Atari
Naruto: Rise of a Ninja	publisher	Ubisoft
Monster Rancher 3	publisher	Tecmo
Chemical & Engineering News	publisher	American Chemical Society
Mao Tse-tung: Ruler of Red China	publisher	Henry Schuman
Facing the Flag	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Beyond the Black Stump	publisher	Heinemann
Beyond the Black Stump	publisher	William Morrow
Solus	publisher	CrossGen
RalliSport Challenge 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Fury of the Furries	publisher	Mindscape
Highlander: The Last of the MacLeods	publisher	Atari
Sleeping with the Devil	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Need for Speed	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Review of Financial Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Financial Studies
Clash of the Princes	publisher	Puffin Books
The War Machine	publisher	Baen Books
Neuroshima Hex!	publisher	Wydawnictwo Portal
Neuroshima Hex!	publisher	Big Daddy’s Creations
Riders in the Chariot	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Konami '88	publisher	Konami
Bergdorf Blondes	publisher	Hyperion
Hyper Sports	publisher	Konami
Nagano Winter Olympics '98	publisher	Konami
Time Pilot '84	publisher	Konami
Cleopatra	publisher	Longmans
005	publisher	Sega
Cowboy Bebop	publisher	Bandai
Aero Fighters 2	publisher	Video System
Aero Fighters 3	publisher	Video System
Arabian	publisher	Atari, Inc
Arabian	publisher	Sunsoft
Demonbane	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Blades of the Tiger	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
When the Wind Blows	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Space Duel	publisher	Atari Inc.
Asterix	publisher	Konami
ArchEnemies	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Kaeru no Tame ni Kane wa Naru	publisher	Nintendo
Wheelock's Latin	publisher	Barnes & Noble
Wheelock's Latin	publisher	Harper Collins
Wii Music	publisher	Nintendo
Memos from Purgatory	publisher	Regency
Brian Jacks Uchi Mata	publisher	Martech
Journal of Sex & Marital Therapy	publisher	Routledge
Driver: Vegas	publisher	Glu Mobile
Mome	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Like Colour to the Blind	publisher	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
Raymond Chandler Speaking	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Raymond Chandler Speaking	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Riddle	publisher	Penguin Books
The Mocking Program	publisher	Warner Aspect
Hokum & Hex	publisher	Razorline
The World Swappers	publisher	Ace Books
Full House: The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin	publisher	Harmony Books
Fatal Inertia	publisher	Koei
Full Auto 2: Battlelines	publisher	Sega
The Martian Sphinx	publisher	Ace Books
Coded Arms: Assault	publisher	Konami
SingStar	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Double, Double	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Infinitive of Go	publisher	Ballantine/Del Rey imprint
Night Fall	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Inca Gold	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Railroad Tycoon	publisher	Eagle Games
Sega Ninja	publisher	Sega
Boneyard	publisher	NBM Publishing
School Tycoon	publisher	Global Star Software
Microsoft Flight Simulator X	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Microsoft Flight Simulator X	publisher	Microsoft
Street Fighter Anniversary Collection	publisher	Capcom
Keepsake	publisher	The Adventure Company
Keepsake	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Return of the Phantom	publisher	MicroProse
Mom, I Need to Be a Girl	publisher	Walter Trock
Dragonsphere	publisher	MicroProse
War of the Worlds: New Millennium	publisher	Tor Books
Zyll	publisher	IBM
Wild Energy. Lana	publisher	Teza
The Club	publisher	Sega
Dime Store Magic	publisher	Viking Press
Industrial Magic	publisher	Viking Press
Operation Hell Gate	publisher	Harper
Chaotic	publisher	Viking Press
Haunted	publisher	Viking Press
Broken	publisher	Bantam Spectra ,
Broken	publisher	Seal Books ,
Broken	publisher	Time Warner Orbit
The Wheel of Time	publisher	GT Interactive
The Boys	publisher	Wildstorm
The Boys	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Birdie King	publisher	Taito Corporation
Seven Brothers	publisher	Virgin Comics
Black Tiger	publisher	Capcom
Plum Island	publisher	Warner Books/Grand Central Publishing
Confuzion	publisher	Incentive Software
The Lion's Game	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Bonze Adventure	publisher	Taito Corporation
Formula 1	publisher	Psygnosis
Beastly	publisher	HarperTeen
Charinko Hero	publisher	Banpresto
Charlie's Angels	publisher	Ubisoft
Boogie Wings	publisher	Data East
Chicken Little	publisher	Buena Vista Games
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Calorie Kun vs. Moguranian	publisher	Sega
The Great War: Walk in Hell	publisher	Ballantine Books
2 on 2 Open Ice Challenge	publisher	Midway Home Entertainment
2 on 2 Open Ice Challenge	publisher	GT Interactive Software
I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Act-Fancer: Cybernetick Hyper Weapon	publisher	Data East
Acrobatic Dog-Fight	publisher	Technōs Japan
Ace Driver	publisher	Namco
Acrobat Mission	publisher	Taito Corporation
A.B. Cop	publisher	Sega
64th Street: A Detective Story	publisher	Jaleco
4-D Warriors	publisher	Sega
3 Count Bout	publisher	SNK
Come over to My House	publisher	Random House
Shadows of Mordor	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Return to Eden	publisher	Bantam Books
Boogiepop and Others	publisher	MediaWorks
Pacific Fighters	publisher	1
Milo's Astro Lanes	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Third World War: The Untold Story	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Carbonel: The King of the Cats	publisher	Max Parrish
Carbonel: The King of the Cats	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
We Gotta Get out of This Place: Popular Conservatism and Postmodern Culture	publisher	Routledge.
Conrad's Fate	publisher	HarperCollins
The Voyage Out	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
Spadework	publisher	HarperCollins Canada
Sweet Silver Blues	publisher	ROC
Bitter Gold Hearts	publisher	ROC
Cold Copper Tears	publisher	ROC
Old Tin Sorrows	publisher	ROC
Dread Brass Shadows	publisher	ROC
Red Iron Nights	publisher	ROC
Deadly Quicksilver Lies	publisher	ROC
Petty Pewter Gods	publisher	ROC
Faded Steel Heat	publisher	ROC
Angry Lead Skies	publisher	ROC
Whispering Nickel Idols	publisher	ROC
Tales of the World: Radiant Mythology	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Pilgrims of Rayne	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hiōden: Mamono-tachi tono Chikai	publisher	Telenet Japan
Tex	publisher	Dell Publishing/ Laurel-Leaf Library
Tinker Bell	publisher	Disney Interactive
Built to Last: Successful Habits of Visionary Companies	publisher	William Collins
The Day of Revolution	publisher	Shinshokan
Family Complex	publisher	Shinshokan
Action Fighter	publisher	Sega
Aggressors of Dark Kombat	publisher	ADK
Air Buster	publisher	Kaneko
Air Duel	publisher	Irem
Air Combat 22	publisher	Namco
Air Gallet	publisher	Banpresto
A Jax	publisher	Konami
Alias	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Gorky 17	publisher	Monolith Productions
Gorky 17	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Gorky 17	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Gorky 17	publisher	RuneSoft
Ali Baba and 40 Thieves	publisher	Sega
Q.E.D.	publisher	Kodansha
Alien 3: The Gun	publisher	Sega
All American Football	publisher	Leland
Quarterback	publisher	Leland Corporation
Alley Master	publisher	Cinematronics
Alligator Hunt	publisher	Gaelco
Radical Evolution	publisher	Doubleday
When Heaven Fell	publisher	Warner Books
The Space Adventure	publisher	Hudson Soft
Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories	publisher	Dial Press
Soma	publisher	Frictional Games
Fleet Command	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fleet Command	publisher	Strategy First
Alpine Racer	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
American Horseshoes	publisher	Taito Corporation
AmeriDarts	publisher	Ameri
American Speedway	publisher	Enerdyne Technologies
Apache 3	publisher	Tatsumi
Apache 3	publisher	Data East
Aqua Jack	publisher	Taito Corporation
Angel Kids	publisher	Sega
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	PS2 and GameCube
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	BigBen Interactive
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Nintendo DS
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Nintendo DS Re-Release
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Midway Games
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Midas Interactive
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Game Boy Advance
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Neko Entertainment
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Wii
Cocoto Kart Racer	publisher	Conspiracy Games
Cocoto Platform Jumper	publisher	BigBen Interactive
Cubix Robots for Everyone: Showdown	publisher	3
Arabian Fight	publisher	Sega
Ark Area	publisher	UPL
Arbalester	publisher	SETA Corporation
Arkanoid: Revenge of Doh	publisher	Taito Corporation and Romstar
Arkanoid Returns	publisher	Taito Corporation
Arlington Horse Racing	publisher	Strata
Formation Armed F	publisher	Nichibutsu
Exiles	publisher	Malibu Comics
Exiles	publisher	Malibu Comics
Armor Attack	publisher	Cinematronics
Armor Attack	publisher	Sega
Alpha Mission II	publisher	SNK Corporation
The Collapse of the Third Republic	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Lord Randy, My Son	publisher	Doubleday
The Doll-House	publisher	Doubleday
Coots in the North	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Together	publisher	Scholastic Press
100 Girls	publisher	Arcana Studio
Abadazad	publisher	CrossGen Entertainment
303	publisher	Avatar Press
Immune Attack	publisher	Federation of American Scientists
Food Fight: The Inside Story of the Food Industry	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Black Sheep	publisher	Bodley Head
The Astyanax	publisher	Jaleco
Dark Summit	publisher	THQ
Freaky Flyers	publisher	Midway Games
Elimination	publisher	Kee Games
Avengers	publisher	Capcom
Aurail	publisher	Sega
Atomic Robo-Kid	publisher	UPL
Atomic Robo-Kid	publisher	Treco
Asura Blade: Sword of Dynasty	publisher	Fuuki
Inconstant Star	publisher	Baen Books
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1	publisher	MediaWorks
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1	publisher	Seven Seas Entertainment
Post- och Inrikes Tidningar	publisher	Horace Engdahl
The Surrogates	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Hikari no Densetsu	publisher	Shueisha
Doctor Omega	publisher	Black Coat Press
Lovemark	publisher	PowerHouse Books
Metal Gear Online	publisher	Konami
The Black Company	publisher	Tor Books
Shadows Linger	publisher	Tor Books
The White Rose	publisher	Tor Books
The Silver Spike	publisher	Tor Books
Shadow Games	publisher	Tor Books
Dreams of Steel	publisher	Tor Books
Bleak Seasons	publisher	Tor Books
She Is the Darkness	publisher	Tor Books
Water Sleeps	publisher	Tor Books
Soldiers Live	publisher	Tor Books
Kya: Dark Lineage	publisher	Atari
Wanted for Murder	publisher	The Crime Club
The Camomile Lawn	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Camomile Lawn	publisher	Summit Books
B-Wings	publisher	Data East
Atom	publisher	Tandy Corporation
Dark and Light	publisher	Snail Games
Dark and Light	publisher	Farlan Entertainment
Space Trader	publisher	HermitWorks
Death of a Citizen	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Irritating Stick	publisher	Jaleco
Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences	publisher	IEEE Computer Society Press
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell	publisher	ReganBooks
Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors	publisher	J.B. Lippincott Company
Information Systems Research	publisher	Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
Management Information Systems Quarterly	publisher	Management Information Systems Research Center
Star Voyager	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Miracle in the Andes	publisher	Crown Publishers
Haruka: Beyond the Stream of Time	publisher	Hakusensha
Bakuretsu Quiz Ma-Q Dai Bōken	publisher	Namco
Fighter & Attacker	publisher	Namco
Murder on the Midnight Plane	publisher	Usborne Publishing Ltd
The New Centurions	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Four Trax	publisher	Namco
Lucky & Wild	publisher	Namco
Hot Rod: American Street Drag	publisher	ValuSoft
Derby Tsuku 4: Derby Uma o Tsukurō!	publisher	Sega
Disney Sports Soccer	publisher	Konami
Dinotopia: The Sunstone Odyssey	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Disney Sports Basketball	publisher	Konami
Disney Sports Skateboarding	publisher	Konami
Rough Crossings	publisher	BBC Books
Haegemonia: Legions of Iron	publisher	DreamCatcher Games and Anuman Interactive , Wanadoo
Zero Tolerance	publisher	Lisa Macey
Legoland	publisher	Lego Media
Consent to Kill	publisher	Simon & Schuster
New Keywords	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Nicktoons: Battle for Volcano Island	publisher	THQ
Hiroki Endo's Tanpenshu	publisher	Kodansha
Backfire!	publisher	Data East
To Be the Man	publisher	WWE Books
To Be the Man	publisher	Pocket Books
The Wrecking Crew	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Journal of the Association for Information Systems	publisher	Association for Information Systems
Watching Fuckin' TV All Time Makes a Fool	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Budokan: The Martial Spirit	publisher	EA
Bone: The Great Cow Race	publisher	Telltale Games
Clock Tower	publisher	Human Entertainment
Clock Tower	publisher	Sunsoft
Theme Park Inc	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spartacus	publisher	Howard Fast / Blue Heron Press
Dogs of War: Battle on Primus IV	publisher	TalonSoft
3D Construction Kit	publisher	Domark, Incentive Software
MAZE: Solve the World's Most Challenging Puzzle	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Purikura Daisakusen	publisher	Atlus
Freex	publisher	Malibu Comics
Trail of the Black Wyrm	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Arigatō	publisher	Shogakukan
Brothers of Earth	publisher	DAW Books
Hunter of Worlds	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
Manservant and Maidservant	publisher	Victor Gollancz
A House and Its Head	publisher	Heinemann
Balloon Bomber	publisher	Taito Corporation
Sara Payne: A Mother's Story	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
In the Belly of the Green Bird	publisher	Free Press
Two Weeks with the Queen	publisher	Pan Books
Tactics of Mistake	publisher	Doubleday
The Duplex Planet	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Cipher Complex	publisher	Sega
Socks the Cat Rocks the Hill	publisher	Kaneko
Beverly Hills Weekly	publisher	Josh E. Gross
Balloon Brothers	publisher	East Technology
Puzzle de Harvest Moon	publisher	Natsume
His Master's Voice	publisher	Czytelnik
The Convent of Hell	publisher	Ediciones La Cúpula
Gil's All Fright Diner	publisher	Tor Books
Q·Ko-chan: The Earth Invader Girl	publisher	Kodansha
Ultimate Duck Hunting	publisher	Mid Carolina Media
Ultimate Duck Hunting	publisher	Detn8 Games
What a Life!	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Hestia	publisher	DAW Books
Red Lightning	publisher	Strategic Simulations
I, Lucifer	publisher	Scribner ; Grove Press
Journal of the American Oriental Society	publisher	American Oriental Society
Tokyo Love Story	publisher	Shogakukan
The Falcon at the Portal	publisher	Avon Books
He Shall Thunder in the Sky	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Strange Happenings: Weird Tales of Science Fiction and the Supernatural	publisher	American Education Publications
An American Tail: Fievel Goes West	publisher	Hudson Soft
Sound Fantasy	publisher	Nintendo
The Crimson Petal and the White	publisher	Canongate Books
The Crimson Petal and the White	publisher	Harcourt
The Seeing Stone	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Mad Moon	publisher	Street & Smith
Freaks	publisher	Gentosha
Girl with Curious Hair	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Cross	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Chopper I	publisher	SNK
The Curse of the Gloamglozer	publisher	Doubleday
The Castle of Terror	publisher	Lancer Books
Batman Confidential	publisher	DC Comics
Superman Confidential	publisher	DC Comics
Alanna: The First Adventure	publisher	Atheneum Books
In the Hand of the Goddess	publisher	Atheneum Books
Lioness Rampant	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Woman Who Rides Like a Man	publisher	Atheneum Books
Someone like You	publisher	Julia MacRae Books
Fletch	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
A Random Walk Down Wall Street	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company, Inc.
Bump in the Night	publisher	Doubleday
The Cosmic Puppets	publisher	Ace Books
Disney's Hide and Sneak	publisher	Capcom
Disney's Hide and Sneak	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Disney's Party	publisher	Hudson Soft
Disney's Party	publisher	Electronic Arts
Disney's Party	publisher	Tomy
Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure	publisher	Activision
Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure	publisher	Neversoft
Disney's PK: Out of the Shadows	publisher	Ubisoft
Ámbito Financiero	publisher	Orlando Vignatti
Beasts and Super-Beasts	publisher	John Lane
Vette!	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
Wolf-Speaker	publisher	Simon & Schuster/Atheneum
Jump Ultimate Stars	publisher	Nintendo
Jump Ultimate Stars	publisher	Tommo Inc.
Emperor Mage	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Realms of the Gods	publisher	Atheneum Books
Shark Tale	publisher	Activision
Shark Tale	publisher	Taito Corporation
Conflict Zone	publisher	Ubisoft
Journal of Machine Learning Research	publisher	JMLR, Inc., MIT Press, and Microtome Publishing
3D Construction Kit II	publisher	Domark
Machine Learning	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Shadows on the Stars	publisher	Philomel Books
Kelly Slater's Pro Surfer	publisher	Activision O2
The Removers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Advance Guardian Heroes	publisher	Treasure, Ubisoft
The Settlers of Canaan	publisher	Cactus Game Design
Transformers: The War Within	publisher	Dreamwave Productions
Miami Psychic	publisher	HarperCollins
The Lazarus Heart	publisher	Gauntlet Press
Dragon's Lair 3D: Return to the Lair	publisher	Ubisoft
Dragon Drive: D-Masters Shot	publisher	Bandai
Dora the Explorer: Journey to the Purple Planet	publisher	Global Star Software
Dora the Explorer: Journey to the Purple Planet	publisher	Nickelodeon
Dokapon DX: Wataru Sekai wa Oni Darake	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Hornblower and the Widow McCool	publisher	Penguin Group
Amongst Women	publisher	Faber and Faber
Matter	publisher	Orbit
Mission Thunderbolt	publisher	Casady & Greene
DC Universe Roleplaying Game	publisher	West End Games
Millennium Snow	publisher	Hakusensha
Yin-Yang! X-Change Alternative	publisher	Peach Princess
Lords of the Levee	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Mortyr	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Transdimensional Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Palladium Books
The Body Snatchers	publisher	Dell Books
Stake: Fortune Fighters	publisher	Metro3D, Inc.
Devlin's Luck	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Magician Lord	publisher	SNK
The Secret Pilgrim	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Secret Pilgrim	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Danse Macabre	publisher	Berkley Books
The Cutting Edge	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ten Little Wizards	publisher	Ace Books
Astro Warrior	publisher	Sega
A Study in Sorcery	publisher	Ace Books
GP Rider	publisher	Sega
Ayrton Senna's Super Monaco GP II	publisher	Sega
Operation Luna	publisher	Tor Books
Taz-Mania	publisher	Sega
Pit Pot	publisher	Sega
Learning the World	publisher	Orbit Books
Bernard the Brave	publisher	Heinemann
Bel Canto	publisher	Perennial
Bel Canto	publisher	HarperCollins
Touring	publisher	Winning Moves, Parker Bros
Midnight Panther	publisher	Gakken
Close Combat: First to Fight	publisher	2
Close Combat: First to Fight	publisher	MacSoft
Ripper	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Theft: A Love Story	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Theft: A Love Story	publisher	Faber & Faber
Baltic Astronomy	publisher	Institute of Theoretical Physics and Astronomy of Vilnius University and the Lithuanian Astronomical Union
Sarah	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Ooga Booga	publisher	Sega
Lost in Time	publisher	Coktel Vision
Lost in Time	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Iracema	publisher	B. L. Garnier
Power Rangers Zeo: Battle Racers	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
NBA 2K7	publisher	2
Albion's Seed	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Ruins of Gorlan	publisher	Random House
The Ruins of Gorlan	publisher	Penguin books
The Ruins of Gorlan	publisher	Beyaz Balina
Star Warped	publisher	Palladium Interactive
The Burning Bridge	publisher	Random House
The Burning Bridge	publisher	Penguin Group
Army Men: Sarge's War	publisher	Global Star Software
The Last of the Wine	publisher	Longman, Green & Co
The Last of the Wine	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Ancient Economy	publisher	University of California Press
Nicktoons: Freeze Frame Frenzy	publisher	THQ
Rings of Power	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lord of the Silent	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Golden One	publisher	William Morrow
Children of the Storm	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Guardian of the Horizon	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Tomb of the Golden Bird	publisher	HarperCollins
The Serpent on the Crown	publisher	HarperCollins
The Beggar and the Diamond	publisher	Viking Press
Mitch and Amy	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
Battle Squadron	publisher	Innerprise Software, Electronic Arts, Seal Of Action Publishing
A Return to Love	publisher	HarperCollins
American Imago	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Mrs Mopp	publisher	Computasolve
The Caine Mutiny	publisher	Doubleday
Redemption Cairn	publisher	Street & Smith
Terracide	publisher	Eidos Interactive
American Jewish History	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
American Journal of Philology	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Brain Droppings	publisher	Hyperion
Mouse	publisher	Hakusensha
Mouse	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Cathode Tamer	publisher	Bandai
Agharta	publisher	Shueisha
Air Bucks	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Battle Bugs	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Nancy Drew: The Secret of Shadow Ranch	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
SpongeBob SquarePants: Legend of the Lost Spatula	publisher	THQ
SpongeBob SquarePants: Operation Krabby Patty	publisher	THQ
SpongeBob SquarePants: Revenge of the Flying Dutchman	publisher	THQ
SpongeBob SquarePants: SuperSponge	publisher	THQ
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie	publisher	THQ
Mars Cars	publisher	Datamost
DarkStar One	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
DarkStar One	publisher	Kalypso Media
Zarjaz	publisher	vol. 1
Zarjaz	publisher	Andrew J. Lewis
Zarjaz	publisher	'''vol. 2
Zarjaz	publisher	'''Underfire Comics
Zarjaz	publisher	FutureQuake Press
Land of the Blindfolded	publisher	Hakusensha
Project Overkill	publisher	Konami
If Morning Ever Comes	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Olympos	publisher	HarperCollins, Eos imprint
The Thirteen Problems	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Ramona and Her Father	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Ramona and Her Mother	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Ellen Tebbits	publisher	William Morrow and Co.
The First Casualty	publisher	Bantam Press
Kermit the Hermit	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Insector X	publisher	Taito, Hot-B, Sage's Creation
The Transformers: Infiltration	publisher	IDW Publishing
Strangers	publisher	Malibu Comics
The Akhenaten Adventure	publisher	Orchard Books
The Akhenaten Adventure	publisher	Scholastic Press
In the Night Kitchen	publisher	Harper & Row
When Patty Went to College	publisher	The Century Co.
Jurassic Park III: Park Builder	publisher	Konami
Hunter: The Reckoning	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Hunter: The Reckoning: Wayward	publisher	Vivendi
The Sum of All Men	publisher	Tor Books
Brotherhood of the Wolf	publisher	Tor Books
SpellForce: The Order of Dawn	publisher	Encore, Inc.
SpellForce: The Order of Dawn	publisher	JoWood Productions
SpellForce: The Order of Dawn	publisher	Aspyr Media, Inc.
SpellForce: The Order of Dawn	publisher	Dreamcatcher Interactive
The Conqueror Worms	publisher	Dorchester Publishing
Unison: Rebels of Rhythm & Dance	publisher	Tecmo
Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX	publisher	Activision
Outlaw Volleyball	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Outlaw Volleyball	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Outlaw Volleyball	publisher	Global Star Software
Aelita	publisher	Foreign Languages Publishing House
The Lair of Bones	publisher	Tor Books
Wizardborn	publisher	Tor Books
Sssnake	publisher	Data Age
Worldwar: Upsetting the Balance	publisher	Del Rey Books
Worldwar: Striking the Balance	publisher	Del Rey Books
At the Earth's Core	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Medal of Honor	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red	publisher	Hyperion
Duke Nukem Advance	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
MTX Mototrax	publisher	Activision
Masud Rana	publisher	Sheba Prokashoni
Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Criminal	publisher	Icon
Bit Generations	publisher	Nintendo
My Brother's Keeper	publisher	Ace Books
Star Trek: New Worlds	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Jurassic Park III: The DNA Factor	publisher	Konami
The Majors: Pro Baseball	publisher	Sega
The Message in the Hollow Oak	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Poker Face Paul	publisher	Adrenalin Interactive
Black Fire	publisher	Sega
Criticom	publisher	Vic Tokai
Daytona USA: Championship Circuit Edition	publisher	Sega
Galactic Attack	publisher	Siro-Tech Software
Ghen War	publisher	Sega
Ghen War	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Robotica	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Robotica	publisher	Sega  &
Scud: The Disposable Assassin	publisher	SegaSoft
SubRoc-3D	publisher	Sega
Juvenile Orion	publisher	Square Enix
Kiko-chan's Smile	publisher	Kodansha
Shadow Man	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Shadow Man	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Shadow Man: 2econd Coming	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Poetry Ireland Review	publisher	Poetry Ireland
The Adventures of Alix	publisher	Tintin magazine, Lombard, Casterman
Sailing Alone Around the World	publisher	The Century Company
Perfect Imperfection	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
Vanishing Point	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Among the Brave	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Buffy the Vampire Slayer	publisher	Fox Interactive
Gradius Collection	publisher	Konami
The Stone Rose	publisher	BBC Books
Kiss: Psycho Circus: The Nightmare Child	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Kiss: Psycho Circus: The Nightmare Child	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Serious Sam Advance	publisher	Global Star Software
Mystical Fighter	publisher	Taito
BattleBots: Beyond the BattleBox	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Amelia Peabody's Egypt	publisher	William Morrow and Company
BattleBots	publisher	THQ
Flying Saucers from Outer Space	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Moor	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Baseball Stars Professional	publisher	SNK Playmore
Baseball Stars 2	publisher	SNK
Baseball Stars 2	publisher	Romstar
O Jerusalem	publisher	Bantam Press
Jumper	publisher	Tor Books
Rant	publisher	Doubleday
Fool on the Hill	publisher	The Atlantic Monthly Press
Extermination	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer	publisher	THQ
Among the Enemy	publisher	Aladdin Publishing
Among the Free	publisher	New York : Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, 2006
Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Wrath of the Darkhul King	publisher	THQ
Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Quest for Oz	publisher	Indiagames
The Frost King	publisher	Perkins School for the Blind
Here There Be Tygers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Morning Deliveries	publisher	Signet Books
Wounded Man	publisher	Shogakukan
The Death and Return of Superman	publisher	Sunsoft
Activision Anthology	publisher	Activision
A Stroke of Midnight	publisher	Ballantine Books
Seduced by Moonlight	publisher	Ballantine Books
Mistral's Kiss	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Kiss of Shadows	publisher	Ballantine books
Dusk of the Gods	publisher	Interstel
Monster Planet	publisher	www.thundersmouth.com
All You Need Is Ears	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Baseball The Season II	publisher	Cinematronics
Batman	publisher	Atari Games
Skeet Shoot	publisher	Games by Apollo
Karate	publisher	Ultravision
Karate	publisher	Froggo
Arethusa	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press for the Center for Children's Books at UIUC Graduate School of Library and Information Science
Bulletin of the History of Medicine	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Cosmo Police Justy	publisher	Shogakukan
NHL 07	publisher	EA Sports
Journey	publisher	Random House
Planetary Brigade	publisher	Boom! Studios
Battlantis	publisher	Konami
Alliance: The Silent War	publisher	Windward Mark Interactive
Battle Bakraid	publisher	8
ZooCube	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
ZooCube	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Gekitotsu Yonku Battle	publisher	Irem
Tanktics	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Shadows of the Mind	publisher	Oxford University Press, 1st edition
Private Parts	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Society	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Hear the Wind Sing	publisher	Kodansha
Tarot: Witch of the Black Rose	publisher	Broadsword Comics
WCW SuperBrawl Wrestling	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
Wicked Wanda	publisher	Penthouse
Mirage of Blaze	publisher	Shueisha
Mirage of Blaze	publisher	Hakusensha
Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen	publisher	DC Comics
My Cousin Rachel	publisher	Victor Gollancz
My Cousin Rachel	publisher	Doubleday
Transport Phenomena	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Homo Sol	publisher	Street & Smith
Revolt on Alpha C	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Batman Family	publisher	DC Comics
Monopoly video games	publisher	Leisure Genius
Monopoly video games	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Monopoly video games	publisher	Infogrames
Monopoly video games	publisher	Electronic Arts
Wonder Project J2	publisher	Enix
Wonder Project J	publisher	Enix
Outlanders	publisher	Hakusensha
Ecstatica	publisher	Psygnosis
4-Player Bowling Alley	publisher	Midway Games
Locke the Superman	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Locke the Superman	publisher	Media Factory
Locke the Superman	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place	publisher	Atheneum Books
A.D. 2083	publisher	Midcoin
The Revenge of Gaia	publisher	Penguin Books
Action Hollywood	publisher	TCH
The Addams Family	publisher	Ocean Software
Duel Masters	publisher	Takara
Driven	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Drome Racers	publisher	Electronic Arts
Drome Racers	publisher	Lego Interactive
Drome Racers	publisher	THQ
The Book of Dave	publisher	Viking Press
Saturn Bomberman Fight!!	publisher	Hudson Soft
Out	publisher	Vintage Books
Super Bomberman 4	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dark Wizard	publisher	Sega
Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake	publisher	Yearling Books
Adverbs	publisher	HarperCollins
Children's Literature	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Road Blaster	publisher	Data East
Road Blaster	publisher	Wolf Team, Renovation, Sega
Road Blaster	publisher	Ecseco
Children's Literature Association Quarterly	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press for the Children's Literature Association
Artificial Intelligence	publisher	Elsevier
Configurations	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Gods of Aberdeen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Take the Bullet	publisher	Sega
Deadworld	publisher	Arrow Comics
Deadworld	publisher	Calibre Comics
Deadworld	publisher	Desperado Publishing
Deadworld	publisher	Transfuzion Publishing
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas	publisher	Random House
International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Galerians	publisher	ASCII
The Bride Price	publisher	Allison & Busby
The Bride Price	publisher	George Braziller
All I Need to Know about Filmmaking I Learned from the Toxic Avenger	publisher	Berkely Boulevard
The Rocket to the Moon	publisher	August Scherl
Weapon	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Year of the Hangman	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
WaveRunner	publisher	Sega
The Muses Are Heard	publisher	Random House
The Muses Are Heard	publisher	Heinemann
Night Warriors: Darkstalkers' Revenge	publisher	Capcom
Ultimate Fighting Championship	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Darkstalkers 3	publisher	Capcom
JLA: Destiny	publisher	Elseworlds
The Faiths of the Founding Fathers	publisher	Oxford University Press
Arcus Odyssey	publisher	Renovation Products
Qijian Xia Tianshan	publisher	Ta Kung Pao
Perl Cookbook	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Personality and Individual Differences	publisher	Elsevier
Welcome to the N.H.K.	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Haasil Ghaat	publisher	Sang-e-Meel Publishers, Lahore
Gather Yourselves Together	publisher	WCS Books
The Baron in the Trees	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
Technometrics	publisher	American Statistical Association
Technometrics	publisher	American Society for Quality
Enemy in Sight	publisher	Atari
Voices from the Street	publisher	Tor Books
ELH	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Professor's House	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Mary and the Giant	publisher	Arbor House
Eighteenth-Century Studies	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Emily Dickinson Journal	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
A Time for George Stavros	publisher	Unpublished
Lady Penelope	publisher	City Magazines
The Well at the World's End	publisher	William Morris
L'Esprit Créateur	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Henry James Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Pilgrim on the Hill	publisher	Unpublished
Human Rights Quarterly	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Road Runner's Death Valley Rally	publisher	Sunsoft
The Broken Bubble	publisher	Arbor House
The Octagonal Raven	publisher	Tor Books
Puttering About in a Small Land	publisher	Academy Chicago Publishers
Journal of Asian American Studies	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Nicholas and the Higs	publisher	Unpublished
Puzzle Challenge: Crosswords and More	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Faiths and Pantheons	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Marooned	publisher	Dutton , Bantam
This Island Earth	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Timecop	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Zatch Bell! Mamodo Battles	publisher	Bandai
Wild Talents	publisher	Arc Dream Publishing
FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage	publisher	Empire Interactive
FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage	publisher	Strategy First
Mega Man Star Force	publisher	Capcom
The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present	publisher	Ballantine Books
Worst	publisher	Akita Shoten
Wild 7	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
The Clockwise Man	publisher	BBC Books
Ford Street Racing	publisher	Empire Interactive
Ford Street Racing	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Ford Street Racing	publisher	Strategy First
The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight	publisher	Viking Press
Edenborn	publisher	Penguin Books
Dirty Jokes and Beer	publisher	Hyperion
Tutinama	publisher	Original Version in 14th century
Tutinama	publisher	Illustrated version during Mughal, Reign of Akbar, 16th century
Tutinama	publisher	and Urdu translation version by Al-din Nakhshabi Ziya, Saiyid Haidar Bakhsh, , English translation by George Small
Inkdeath	publisher	Germany Cecilie Dressler
Inkdeath	publisher	UK Chicken House
Inkdeath	publisher	United States Scholastic
M. C. Higgins, the Great	publisher	Simon Pulse
A Visit to William Blake's Inn	publisher	Harcourt Brace & Company
I, Juan de Pareja	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Dicey's Song	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Bronze Bow	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
King of the Wind	publisher	Rand McNally
Amos Fortune, Free Man	publisher	E. P. Dutton, New York
The Iron Saint	publisher	Series: Aspen Comics Collected: Top Cow Productions
Roller Skates	publisher	Viking Press
The White Stag	publisher	Viking Press
Adam of the Road	publisher	Viking Press
Daniel Boone	publisher	Viking Press
The Cat Who Went to Heaven	publisher	Aladdin Books; Reissue edition
Rabbit Hill	publisher	Viking Press
Invincible Louisa	publisher	Little, Brown
Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Godai Elemental Force	publisher	3
Crimson Joy	publisher	Delacorte Press
Gladiator: Sword of Vengeance	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Gladiator: Sword of Vengeance	publisher	Throwback Entertainment
Shuttle	publisher	Virgin Games
Wielding a Red Sword	publisher	Del Rey Books
Being a Green Mother	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bearing an Hourglass	publisher	Del Rey Books
For Love of Evil	publisher	William Morrow & Co
And Eternity	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Lives of the Saints	publisher	Cormorant Books, 3rd edition .
The Outfoxies	publisher	Namco
Whale Song	publisher	Imajin Books 2010;
The Monsters Inside	publisher	BBC Books
Harbinger	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive\n1.11
Edison's Conquest of Mars	publisher	Carcosa
The Last Hawk	publisher	Tor Books
The Stealers of Dreams	publisher	BBC Books
No Turn Unstoned	publisher	Elm Tree Books
Star Wars Episode I: Obi-Wan's Adventures	publisher	THQ
Star Wars Episode I: Obi-Wan's Adventures	publisher	LucasArts
Laughable Loves	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The 33 Strategies of War	publisher	Penguin Group
The 33 Strategies of War	publisher	HighBridge Audio
European Journal of Human Genetics	publisher	Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the European Society of Human Genetics
Leaf Storm	publisher	Ediciones SLB
Leaf Storm	publisher	Harper & Row
Gazeta Sot	publisher	Arjan Prodani
Fantasy General	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Fantasy General	publisher	Mindscape
An Old Captivity	publisher	Heinemann
An Old Captivity	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hexplore	publisher	Infogrames
Fast Food Tycoon 2	publisher	Activision Value
Touch Dictionary	publisher	Daewon Media
The Feast of the Drowned	publisher	BBC Books
The Resurrection Casket	publisher	BBC Books
I Am a Dalek	publisher	BBC Books
Golden Checkerboard	publisher	Desert-Southwest
Joris of the Rock	publisher	Heinemann
Seven Kingdoms II: The Fryhtan Wars	publisher	Ubisoft
The War in 2020	publisher	Pocket Books
Finding Serenity	publisher	BenBella Books
The Temple and the Lodge	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Gerfalcon	publisher	Heinemann
Super Invader	publisher	California Pacific Computer Company
Shy Leopardess	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Geek Chic	publisher	Gingko Press
Diner Dash	publisher	PlayFirst
Goth	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Goth	publisher	Kadokawa Comics
The Hello, Goodbye Window	publisher	Michael Di Capua Books
Kitten's First Full Moon	publisher	Greenwillow Books/Harper Collins Publishers
Officer Buckle and Gloria	publisher	Putnam Books
His Excellency: George Washington	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Space Bomber	publisher	Psikyo
Dragon Blaze	publisher	Psikyo
Blasto	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Valor	publisher	EC Comics
Know Ye Not Agincourt%3F	publisher	Thomas Nelson and Sons
The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything	publisher	Fawcett Gold Medal
The Chaneysville Incident	publisher	Harper & Row
Sheriff	publisher	Nintendo
Sheriff	publisher	Exidy
Phantom Crash	publisher	Phantagram
Painterboy	publisher	Tikkurila
Embracing Love	publisher	Biblos
Guilty Gear X2	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Journal of College Student Development	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Journal of Colonialism and Colonial History	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Journal of Democracy	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Journal of Early Christian Studies	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Journal of the History of Philosophy	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
On Stranger Tides	publisher	Ace Books
Ninja Gaiden	publisher	Tecmo
A Long Long Way	publisher	Viking Press
Code Age Brawls	publisher	Square Enix
Over G Fighters	publisher	Ubisoft
Skybreaker	publisher	HarperCollins
How I Live Now	publisher	Penguin Books
Orbital Resonance	publisher	Tor Books
Taronga	publisher	Viking Press
Cover Her Face	publisher	Faber and Faber
Star Wars Encyclopedia	publisher	Del Rey Books
Virtua Quest	publisher	Sega
How Buildings Learn	publisher	Viking Press
A-18 Interceptor	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Brothers	publisher	DAW Books in Visible Light
Wizard of the Pigeons	publisher	Ace Books
Journal of Women's History	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Project Hacker: Kakusei	publisher	Nintendo
Kennedy Institute of Ethics Journal	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Late Imperial China	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Monster	publisher	Harpercollins
The Lion and the Unicorn	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Wing Commander: Privateer	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mad Tracks	publisher	Micro Application, S.A.
Mad Tracks	publisher	D3 Publisher
Library Trends	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Literature and Medicine	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Practical Computing	publisher	IPC Electrical Electronic Press Ltd
Odds On	publisher	Signet Books
Eisei Meijin VI	publisher	Konami
Hooligans: Storm Over Europe	publisher	Darxabre
Hooligans: Storm Over Europe	publisher	Hip Games
Egg Mania: Eggstreme Madness	publisher	Kemco
Bright Lights, Big City	publisher	Vintage Books
Redfox	publisher	Harrier Comics
Redfox	publisher	Valkyrie Press
The Bourne Betrayal	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Super Glove Ball	publisher	Mattel
Freedomland	publisher	Broadway Books
Green Rider	publisher	DAW Books
Sandry's Book	publisher	Scholastic Press
Carmen	publisher	Revue des deux Mondes , Michel Lévy
The Maracot Deep	publisher	John Murray
Space Fever	publisher	Nintendo
Sangokushi Koumeiden	publisher	Koei
Justinian	publisher	Tor Books
Conspiracy X	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
NHL 2002	publisher	EA Sports
Samurai Champloo: Sidetracked	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Black Robe	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Black Robe	publisher	Dutton Publishing
Black Robe	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ninja Gaiden	publisher	Tecmo
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Fireteam Bravo	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Looking for Alibrandi	publisher	Penguin Australia/Orchard Books
Mouse Guard	publisher	Archaia Studios Press
Ginger You're Barmy	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Liebigs Annalen	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Koala Lumpur: Journey to the Edge	publisher	Brøderbund
Koala Lumpur: Journey to the Edge	publisher	Colossal Pictures
Vote for Larry	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
The Blunderer	publisher	Coward-McCann
The Blunderer	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Modern Fiction Studies	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Mechanoid Invasion	publisher	Palladium Books
Wholeness and the Implicate Order	publisher	Routledge
modernity	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Modern Language Notes	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Purple Land	publisher	Sampson Low
The Gospel According to Larry	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Amigos	publisher	Currency Press
New Literary History	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Town	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Virtual Pool 64	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Perspectives in Biology and Medicine	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Philosophy and Literature	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Tris's Book	publisher	Scholastic Press
Philosophy, Psychiatry, & Psychology	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Parfait Tic!	publisher	Shueisha
Langrisser II	publisher	Nippon Computer Systems
Operation Body Count	publisher	Capstone Software
ESPN International Winter Sports 2002	publisher	Konami
ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002	publisher	Konami
Family Stadium 2003	publisher	Namco
Evolution Skateboarding	publisher	Konami
Evolution Snowboarding	publisher	Konami
The Fairly OddParents: Shadow Showdown	publisher	THQ
The Fairly OddParents: Shadow Showdown	publisher	Nickelodeon
They Were Strong and Good	publisher	Viking Press
Langrisser III	publisher	Nippon Computer Systems
Langrisser III	publisher	Taito
Phi Delta Kappan	publisher	SAGE Publications
Langrisser IV	publisher	Nippon Computer Systems
Leadership	publisher	Hyperion
David and the Phoenix	publisher	Follett Corporation
Golf Resort Tycoon	publisher	Activision
Mala onda	publisher	Planeta Group
Mala onda	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Inne pieśni	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
Top Management	publisher	Koei
A Country Doctor	publisher	Kurt Wolff
Battle Circuit	publisher	Capcom
Carrier Air Wing	publisher	Capcom
Rules for Radicals	publisher	Random House
Dynasty Wars	publisher	Capcom
The Icebound Land	publisher	Random House
Traxion	publisher	LucasArts
Neopets: Petpet Adventures: The Wand of Wishing	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Inscrutable Americans	publisher	Rupa Publications
The Inscrutable Americans	publisher	New World Library
Spider-Man: Blue	publisher	Marvel Comics
World Cup 98	publisher	EA Sports
World Cup 98	publisher	THQ
Postmodern Culture	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Review of Higher Education	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Reviews in American History	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Alshard	publisher	Enterbrain
Alshard	publisher	Game Field
SAIS Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
SEL: Studies in English Literature 1500-1900	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Portal – Libraries and the Academy	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Authoritarian Personality	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Neko Janai mon!	publisher	Shueisha
Neko Janai mon!	publisher	Leed Publishing
Easy Go	publisher	Signet Books
Scratch One	publisher	Signet Books
CJ Carella's WitchCraft	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
Pride of Baghdad	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Gensō Suikogaiden	publisher	Konami
BattleTech: The Crescent Hawk's Revenge	publisher	Infocom
Exed Exes	publisher	Capcom, Tokuma Shoten
Bin Laden: The Man Who Declared War on America	publisher	Forum
Portal	publisher	Valve Corporation
Ghost Squad	publisher	Sega
Rugrats: Castle Capers	publisher	THQ
Street Fighter Alpha Anthology	publisher	Capcom
Batman Animated	publisher	Titan Books
Housekeeping vs. The Dirt	publisher	McSweeney's
Bet On Soldier: Blood Sport	publisher	Digital Jesters
Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver	publisher	Thienemann, Stuttgart
Planet Comics	publisher	Fiction House
An Acceptable Time	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Ramona Quimby, Age 8	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Bird That Drinks Tears	publisher	Golden Bough
L.A. Confidentiel	publisher	La Martinière
The Aquatic Games	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lament for a Nation	publisher	McGill-Queen's University Press
World Cup Carnival	publisher	U.S. Gold
Catalyst	publisher	Viking Press
Inquiry	publisher	*
Inquiry	publisher	Edward H. Crane III
Inquiry	publisher	Ralph Raico
Inquiry	publisher	*Chris Hocker
Hacker II: The Doomsday Papers	publisher	Activision
Langrisser V: The End of Legend	publisher	Nippon Computer Systems
Lego Racers 2	publisher	Lego Software
Three Lions	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Snapper	publisher	Acornsoft
Not After Midnight	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Quincunx of Time	publisher	Dell Publishing
WWF Rage in the Cage	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Premonitions	publisher	Puffin Books
Taming the Star Runner	publisher	Dell/Laurel-Leaf
FIFA Football 2004	publisher	Electronic Arts
Journal of International Commercial Law and Technology	publisher	International Association of IT Lawyers
Flow	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Spider-Man Unlimited	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories	publisher	Routledge
Choplifter III	publisher	Ocean, Extreme Entertainment Group, Victor Interactive Software
The Arrows of Hercules	publisher	Doubleday
Gargoyles	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Darwin and His Great Discovery	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Day of the Dinosaur	publisher	Doubleday
Engines	publisher	Golden Press
Energy and Power	publisher	Golden Press
Elephant	publisher	Pyramid Books
Man and Power	publisher	Golden Press
The Wheels of Chance	publisher	J. M. Dent & Co
The Heroic Age of American Invention	publisher	Doubleday
The Rumble Fish	publisher	Sammy Corporation
The Rumble Fish	publisher	Sega
Berlin Game	publisher	Hutchinson
Berlin Game	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Late Victorian Holocausts	publisher	Verso Books
Sunman	publisher	Sunsoft
Firefight at Yechon	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
PLOS Computational Biology	publisher	Public Library of Science
Armadillo Run	publisher	Indie gaming
Like the Clouds, Like the Wind	publisher	Shinchosha
The Familiar of Zero	publisher	Media Factory
The Familiar of Zero	publisher	Media Factory
First Rider's Call	publisher	DAW Books
The Mystery of Holly Lane	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Ancient Engineers	publisher	Doubleday
One Piece: Grand Adventure	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Ancient Ruins and Archaeology	publisher	Doubleday
Jaguar XJ220	publisher	Core Design
5 Centimeters Per Second	publisher	Media Factory
5 Centimeters Per Second	publisher	Kodansha
Comp Ace	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dorothea Dreams	publisher	Arbor House Pub Co
Xybots	publisher	Atari Games
Blood Red Rivers	publisher	The Harvill Press
The Sand Pebbles	publisher	Harper & Row
The Lord of the Rings: The White Council	publisher	Electronic Arts
BattleForce	publisher	FASA Corporation
Elusive Isabel	publisher	A.L. Burt
Elusive Isabel	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
The Succession Wars	publisher	FASA Corporation, Fantasy Productions, Inc.
King of Thorn	publisher	Enterbrain
Buckaroo!	publisher	Ideal Toy Company
Buckaroo!	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
The Karate Kid	publisher	LJN
Diet for a Small Planet	publisher	Ballantine Books
Hitler's Willing Executioners	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Vengeance	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ramona Forever	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Forest Mage	publisher	Voyager Books
Forest Mage	publisher	Eos
Barcode World	publisher	Sunsoft
Mappy Kids	publisher	Namco
Pentagon	publisher	Doubleday
Mappy-Land	publisher	North America
Mappy-Land	publisher	Taxan
Mappy-Land	publisher	JP: Namco
Mappy-Land	publisher	Wii U Virtual Console: Bandai Namco Games
Molecular Biology of the Cell	publisher	American Society for Cell Biology
The Story of Science in America	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Spirits, Stars, and Spells	publisher	Canaveral Press
Achaea, Dreams of Divine Lands	publisher	Iron Realms Entertainment
The Ragged Edge of Science	publisher	Owlswick Press
Accolade's Comics	publisher	Accolade
102 Dalmatians: Puppies to the Rescue	publisher	Eidos Interactive
B-1 Nuclear Bomber	publisher	Avalon Hill
Assault Rigs	publisher	Psygnosis
Dynasty Warriors Online	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Exit 2	publisher	Taito Corporation
Third Way	publisher	Hymns Ancient & Modern Ltd
Finding Nemo	publisher	THQ
Finding Nemo	publisher	JP: Yuke's
Fire Blade	publisher	Midway Games
Fire Blade	publisher	Nintendo
Flink	publisher	Psygnosis
Jessica	publisher	Viking Australia
Seldom Disappointed	publisher	HarperCollins
Freekstyle	publisher	Electronic Arts
Freekstyle	publisher	Destination Software
Freekstyle	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Shakespeare Bulletin	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Risk II	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
The Great Boer War	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co
The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Shakespeare Quarterly	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press for the Folger Shakespeare Library
South Central Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Spiritus	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Die Hard: Nakatomi Plaza	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Die Hard: Nakatomi Plaza	publisher	Fox Interactive
Le Chevalier D'Eon	publisher	Kodansha
Die Hard Trilogy 2: Viva Las Vegas	publisher	Fox Interactive
Technology and Culture	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press for the Society for the History of Technology
Theatre Journal	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Theatre Topics	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Theory and Event	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Transactions of the American Philological Association	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Prisoner of Haven	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
World Politics	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Princeton Institute for International and Regional Affairs
Tomb Raider: Anniversary	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Breast Cancer Research and Treatment	publisher	Springer Netherlands
MLA Handbook	publisher	Modern Language Association
The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Three Blind Mice and Other Stories	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Alpine Racer 2	publisher	Namco
The Amazing Adventures of Mr. F. Lea	publisher	Pacific Novelty
Great Cities of the Ancient World	publisher	Doubleday
Amandala	publisher	Evan X Hyde
Our Kingdom	publisher	Biblos
XF5700 Mantis	publisher	MicroProse
The Flash	publisher	Sega
The Flash	publisher	THQ
BattleSpace	publisher	FASA Corporation, Descartes Editeur, Fanpro
BattleTroops	publisher	FASA Corporation
The Devil's Discus	publisher	Cassell & Co., Ltd.
The Albino's Dancer	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Short Trips: Zodiac	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Cabinet of Light	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Cars: Radiator Springs Adventures	publisher	THQ
Teen Titans	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Teen Titans	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Narcissu: Side 2nd	publisher	Agilis
Narcissu: Side 2nd	publisher	Sekai Project
Dare to Dream	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Me and My Shadows: A Family Memoir	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Space Raiders	publisher	Taito Corporation, Mastiff, Tommo Inc.
Sirena	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Under Dog and Other Stories	publisher	Dodd Mead and Company
The Great Indian Novel	publisher	Viking Press
Stalingrad	publisher	BlackBean Games
Stalingrad	publisher	1C Games
Aquarium	publisher	Excellent System
American Sociological Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Quid	publisher	Plon
Quid	publisher	Éditions Robert Laffont
Collaborator	publisher	Macmillan
Pro Evolution Soccer 2	publisher	Konami
Short Trips: Companions	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Dancer from the Dance	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
Battle Isle	publisher	Blue Byte Software
Street Angel	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Short Trips: Farewells	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Omega Race	publisher	Midway
NHL 95	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 96	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 96	publisher	Black Pearl
NHL 97	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 98	publisher	EA Sports
The Insult	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing Plc
NHL 2000	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 99	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 2001	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 2003	publisher	EA Sports
Elevator Action Returns	publisher	Taito Corporation
Fly! II	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Legacies	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Legacies	publisher	Forge Books
Conspiracies	publisher	Gauntlet Press
The Winning Side	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Armored Car	publisher	Stern
Identity Disc	publisher	Marvel Comics
Shell Shock	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Monkey Typhoon	publisher	Kodansha
Heavy Weather	publisher	Spectra
First Among Sequels	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Indy 500	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Indy 500	publisher	Sega
Astra Super Stars	publisher	Sunsoft
Stalin: A Biography	publisher	Macmillan
Clogher Record	publisher	Clogher Historical Society
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Runaways	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Down a Dark Hall	publisher	Little Brown
The Haunted Air	publisher	Gauntlet Press
Gateways	publisher	Gauntlet Press
Laplace no Ma	publisher	HummingBirdSoft
Laplace no Ma	publisher	Human Entertainment
Laplace no Ma	publisher	Vic Tokai
Gunlok	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Infernal	publisher	Gauntlet Press
AeroTech	publisher	FASA Corporation
AeroTech	publisher	FanPro LLC
AeroTech	publisher	Catalyst Game Labs
Harbingers	publisher	Gauntlet Press
Gallows Hill	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell
Short Trips: The Centenarian	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: The History of Christmas	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Keep	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Short Trips: The Solar System	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Superman	publisher	Taito Corporation
Short Trips: A Day in the Life	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Astro Fantasia	publisher	Data East
Meet the Tiger	publisher	Ward Lock
Astro Chase	publisher	First Star Software
Ninth Letter	publisher	University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign
Short Trips: Seven Deadly Sins	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Great Good Place	publisher	Da Capo Press
Clash at Demonhead	publisher	Vic Tokai
Reborn	publisher	Dark Harvest
Nightworld	publisher	New English Library
Nightworld	publisher	Dark Harvest
The Keep	publisher	IDW Publishing
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 2	publisher	MediaWorks
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 2	publisher	Seven Seas Entertainment
Frogger II: ThreeeDeep!	publisher	Parker Brothers
Frogger II: ThreeeDeep!	publisher	Sega
Short Trips: 2040	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: Monsters	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: Repercussions	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: Life Science	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Pleasures of Japanese Literature	publisher	Columbia University Press
Short Trips: Past Tense	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: A Universe of Terrors	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Blues Brothers: Private	publisher	Perigee Books
Sword of the Dark Ones	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Short Trips: The Muses	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy	publisher	THQ
Tin Goyenda	publisher	Sheba Prokashoni
Short Trips: Steel Skies	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Clive Barker's Jericho	publisher	Codemasters
Jeanne d'Arc	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood	publisher	Strategy First
Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood	publisher	Mindscape
Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood	publisher	Freeverse Software
Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood	publisher	Wanadoo Edition
Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood	publisher	Meridian4
Pool Paradise	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Ratchet & Clank Future: Tools of Destruction	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Vietcong: Fist Alpha	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Lies & Kisses	publisher	Okura Publications
Deus Le Volt	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Peculiar Lives	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
The Golden Ball and Other Stories	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Miss Marple's Final Cases and Two Other Stories	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Wieland	publisher	H. Caritat
Kitsune	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
The Clockwork Woman	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
The Severed Man	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Echoes	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Space Empires IV	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Space Empires IV	publisher	Strategy First
Libertarian Review	publisher	*Robert D. Kephart\n*Charles H. Hamilton\n*
Libertarian Review	publisher	Ed Crane
Libertarian Review	publisher	*Chris Hocker
Upland Outlaws	publisher	Del Rey Books
Knights of Legend	publisher	Origin Systems
Another Day in Paradise	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Blood and Hope	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
The Eye of the Tyger	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Frayed	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Companion Piece	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Fallen Gods	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Wonderland	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Jokerman 8	publisher	Soft Skull Press
Lost Continents	publisher	Gnome Press
Rip Tide	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Ghost Ship	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Foreign Devils	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Nightdreamers	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Time and Relative	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Citadel of Dreams	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Lord of the Fantastic	publisher	HarperCollins
Double Sin and Other Stories	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Sexual Ecology	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Nuclear War Survival Skills	publisher	Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Binbō Shimai Monogatari	publisher	Shogakukan
Philosoma	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Darkness Visible	publisher	Faber & Faber
Darkness Visible	publisher	Random House
The Journal of the Gilded Age and Progressive Era	publisher	Society for Historians of the Gilded Age & Progressive Era
The Silver Wolf	publisher	Del Rey Books
Command & Conquer 3: Tiberium Wars	publisher	Electronic Arts
AeroWings	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Inheritance	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
90 Minutes	publisher	Sega
Viper Racing	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Stone Butch Blues	publisher	Firebrand Books
Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury	publisher	Big Finish Productions
When We Were Very Young	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Psychoshop	publisher	Vintage
Virtual Unrealities	publisher	Random House
The Fringe of the Unknown	publisher	Prometheus Books
Lands Beyond	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Muties	publisher	Marvel Comics
Crisscross	publisher	Gauntlet Press
Lovecraft: A Biography	publisher	Doubleday
Devastation	publisher	ARUSH Entertainment
Devastation	publisher	Groove Games
Big Money!	publisher	PopCap Games
Cloning Clyde	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Monastery	publisher	Longman
Rising Lands	publisher	R&P Electronic Media
Wolverine: Adamantium Rage	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Wolverine: Adamantium Rage	publisher	LJN
Street Fighter EX2	publisher	Capcom
Who He%3F	publisher	Dial Press
Virtua Tennis: World Tour	publisher	Sega
Napoleon Senki	publisher	Irem
Binary Land	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Computer Connection	publisher	Berkley Books
Dark Valley Destiny	publisher	Bluejay Books
Literary Swordsmen and Sorcerers	publisher	Arkham House
The Living and the Dead	publisher	Viking Press
Shamu's Deep Sea Adventures	publisher	Activision
Mama wa Shōgaku 4 Nensei	publisher	Shogakukan
Cyber Police ESWAT	publisher	Sega
RoboCop Versus The Terminator	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Double Cross	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Double Cross	publisher	Game Field
An Arrow's Flight	publisher	St. Martins Press
Starfarers of Catan	publisher	Kosmos
Starfarers of Catan	publisher	Mayfair Games
7	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
The Complete Book of Humanoids	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Special Forces: Nemesis Strike	publisher	Hip Games
Civil War: X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fury	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Death Heart	publisher	Grimoire Games
Brian Lara International Cricket 2007	publisher	Codemasters
Akai Ito	publisher	Success Corporation, Hamster
Golden Axe III	publisher	Sega
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger Born	publisher	Marvel Comics
Desert Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
Renegade's Magic	publisher	Voyager Books
Kyō no Go no Ni	publisher	Kodansha
Far Horizons	publisher	Avon Books, Avon Eos imprint
The Wrecker	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Sooner Catholic	publisher	Archbishop Paul Stagg Coakley
The Bears' Famous Invasion of Sicily	publisher	Rizzoli, Milano
Naoko	publisher	Vertical
Naoko	publisher	Bungeishunjū
Incubation: Time Is Running Out	publisher	Blue Byte Software
Remindelight	publisher	Taito
Forbidden Siren 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Night Wizard!	publisher	Enterbrain
Storybook Weaver	publisher	MECC
Castle Crashers	publisher	The Behemoth
Castle Crashers	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Castle Crashers	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Homeland	publisher	Chunsoft
The Magicians of Caprona	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Cricket in Times Square	publisher	Yearling
Disney Fairies	publisher	Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Fairies	publisher	The Walt Disney Company
Aaahh!!! Real Monsters	publisher	Viacom
Combat Cars	publisher	Accolade
John Madden Football '92	publisher	Electronic Arts
Last Battle	publisher	Sega
The Pagemaster	publisher	Fox Interactive
The Pagemaster	publisher	Turner Interactive
Bomberman '94	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bomberman '94	publisher	Sega
Bomberman '94	publisher	Konami
Friedrich	publisher	Histogame
Finals	publisher	Vertigo
Chuck Taylor, All Star	publisher	Indiana University Press
Track & Field II	publisher	Konami
Back to Life	publisher	Kensington Books
The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy	publisher	Midway Games
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed	publisher	THQ Wireless
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed	publisher	Activision
The Second Confession	publisher	Viking Press
Gundam: Battle Assault	publisher	Bandai
Trickster Online	publisher	GamePot, Gamigo, ChineseGamer, NetMarble, ValofeThai, and SG Interactive
And Be a Villain	publisher	Viking Press
ATLA – A Story of the Lost Island	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Coyote Ragtime Show	publisher	UFOTable
Eagle: The Making of an Asian-American President	publisher	Shogakukan
Bakusō Kyōdai Let's & Go!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Panorama Cotton	publisher	Sunsoft
Super SWIV	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Super SWIV	publisher	Sunsoft
Super SWIV	publisher	Coconuts Japan
Sampras Tennis 96	publisher	Codemasters
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	Image Works
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	Mirrorsoft
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	Empire Interactive
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	Akella
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	Tower Studios
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	SOFEL
Spot Goes To Hollywood	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Spot Goes To Hollywood	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Super Monaco GP	publisher	Sega
Super Monaco GP	publisher	U.S. Gold
Last Hero Standing	publisher	Marvel Comics
Super Thunder Blade	publisher	Sega
VR Troopers	publisher	Sega
X-Men	publisher	Sega
WWF Royal Rumble	publisher	LJN
WWF Royal Rumble	publisher	Flying Edge
Zoom!	publisher	Sega
Last Planet Standing	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Closed Circle	publisher	Viking Press
Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries	publisher	John Murray
The Collegian	publisher	La Salle University
The Kobayashi Maru	publisher	Pocket Books
The Gift	publisher	Delacorte Press
Inugami	publisher	Kodansha
Shadow Divers	publisher	Random House
A Village Affair	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
A Village Affair	publisher	Harper & Row
Zoo Tycoon 2: Dino Danger Pack	publisher	Oberon Media
His Majesty's Dragon	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Goblin Mirror	publisher	Del Rey Books
Hammerfall	publisher	HarperCollins
Monster Blood Tattoo: Foundling	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
THB	publisher	Horse Press
THB	publisher	AdHouse Books
Tarzan the Untamed	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Spider: The Video Game	publisher	BMG Interactive
Island of Kesmai	publisher	CompuServe
Island of Kesmai	publisher	AOL
Island of Kesmai	publisher	GameStorm
Official Scrabble Players Dictionary	publisher	Merriam-Webster, Inc.
The Golden Age	publisher	Doubleday
Summon Night: Swordcraft Story	publisher	Banpresto
Summon Night: Swordcraft Story	publisher	Atlus
The Lightning Thief	publisher	Miramax Books
The Lightning Thief	publisher	Puffin Books
The Lightning Thief	publisher	Disney-Hyperion
A Sinless Season	publisher	Penguin Books
The Bridge at No Gun Ri	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Final Liberation: Warhammer Epic 40,000	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Final Liberation: Warhammer Epic 40,000	publisher	GOG Ltd
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Noûs	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Kane & Lynch: Dead Men	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Philosophical Topics	publisher	University of Arkansas Press
Carmen Posadas	publisher	
Beyond Chutzpah	publisher	University of California Press
Georgie!	publisher	Shogakukan
Lego Stunt Rally	publisher	Lego Media
The Art of Seduction	publisher	Profile Books
True Lies	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Twelve Sharp	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Monster World IV	publisher	Sega
Psychometrer Eiji	publisher	Kodansha
Psychometrer Eiji	publisher	DeNA
Grant Comes East	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Gettysburg: A Novel of the Civil War	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
The Language of Goldfish	publisher	Viking Press
The Face in the Frost	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Spider	publisher	Poseidon Press USA
Beowulf's Children	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Beowulf's Children	publisher	Orbit Books
Faultlines	publisher	Scribe Publications
Absurdistan	publisher	Random House
EOE: Eve of Extinction	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Xak: The Art of Visual Stage	publisher	Micro Cabin
Circus	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Circus	publisher	Doubleday
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: The Action Game	publisher	U.S. Gold Ltd.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: The Action Game	publisher	Ubisoft
Masks	publisher	IDW Publishing
Rambo III	publisher	Ocean/Taito, Sega
Red Zone	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Blood Sisters	publisher	Harvill Press
F-22 Total Air War	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment
F-22 Total Air War	publisher	Atari
Layer Cake	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Dragon Quest IX	publisher	Nintendo
AeroWings 2: Airstrike	publisher	Sega
Mission Critical	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Seeing Islam as Others Saw It	publisher	Darwin Press
Animastar	publisher	Syn Sophia
Aqua GT	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
The Truth About Muhammad	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Atari Anniversary Edition	publisher	Infogrames
Dragonkeeper	publisher	Black Dog Books
Bag Limit	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Alma Cogan	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Past Master	publisher	Ace Books
Xak II: Rising of the Redmoon	publisher	MicroCabin
Sword World RPG	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Day I Met God	publisher	Multnomah
Baldr Force	publisher	GIGA Co.,Ltd.
Baldr Force	publisher	Alchemist
Bang! Gunship Elite	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Tecmo Super Baseball	publisher	Tecmo
Tecmo Cup Soccer Game	publisher	Tecmo
Bolo	publisher	Application Systems Heidelberg Software
Bolo	publisher	Dongleware Verlags GmbH
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	publisher	Wandering Star Books
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Book of Dreams	publisher	DAW Books
I Spy	publisher	Scholastic Books
Road Trip: The Arcade Edition	publisher	Takara
Road Trip: The Arcade Edition	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Road Trip: The Arcade Edition	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Dragon Fire	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Pac-In-Time	publisher	Namco
Divine Hammer	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Dargonesti	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Deep Fear	publisher	Sega
They Thirst	publisher	Avon Books
Robotech II: The Sentinels	publisher	Palladium Books
The Friend	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Strange Death of Vincent Foster	publisher	Free Press
The Miscast Barbarian	publisher	Gerry de la Ree
The Evolution of Naval Weapons	publisher	Training Activity Bureau of Naval Personnel
The Word	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Complete Illustrated Book of Yoga	publisher	Bell Publishing/Julian Press
Fuzion Frenzy 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Xak: The Tower of Gazzel	publisher	MicroCabin
Trial by Fire	publisher	William Morrow & Co
The Bloody Crown of Conan	publisher	Wandering Star Books
The Bloody Crown of Conan	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Guardians	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
NBA Live 07	publisher	EA Sports
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	publisher	Simon & Schuster
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	publisher	Virgin Publishing
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	publisher	ECW Press
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	publisher	Ecw Press
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	publisher	Griffin
The Conquering Sword of Conan	publisher	Del Rey Books
Gates of Fire	publisher	Doubleday
Harlem Beat	publisher	Kodansha
Run Like Hell	publisher	Interplay
Runaway Ralph	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Lies of Locke Lamora	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Lies of Locke Lamora	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Rome: Pathway to Power	publisher	Millennium Interactive , Maxis
Gates of Eden	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Ship Who Searched	publisher	Baen Books
The Amen Corner	publisher	The Dial Press
Flight on Titan	publisher	Street & Smith
The Undesired Princess	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Plot to Save Socrates	publisher	Tor Books, New York City
Recoil	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pirates of the Caribbean Multiplayer Mobile	publisher	Disney
Rush City	publisher	DC Comics
Blaming the Victims	publisher	Verso Books
A Flame in Hali	publisher	DAW Books
Stunt Driver	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte
Look Homeward, Angel	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Shadow Fighter	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
7 Seeds	publisher	Shogakukan
Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin	publisher	Templar Publishing
Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin	publisher	Candlewick Press
Warrior Blade: Rastan Saga Episode III	publisher	Taito
Super Hero Operations: Diedal's Ambition	publisher	Banpresto
Dungeons & Dragons Tactics	publisher	Atari
Death Jr. II: Root of Evil	publisher	Konami
Death Jr. II: Root of Evil	publisher	Eidos
Citizen Soldiers	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Murderers' Row	publisher	Fawcett Publications
All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace	publisher	Communication Company
Muteki Kanban Musume	publisher	Akita Shoten
Rhythm Tengoku	publisher	Nintendo
Kinnikuman Muscle Grand Prix	publisher	Banpresto
Kinnikuman Muscle Grand Prix	publisher	Bandai
The Afghan	publisher	Bantam Press
The Collected Books of Jack Spicer	publisher	Black Sparrow Press
Sennin Buraku	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Dominators	publisher	NA
Tona-Gura!	publisher	Jive
ChiZo Rising	publisher	Temple Games
Valkyr	publisher	Kubo Shoten
The Cossacks	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Ida B.	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain	publisher	Ming Pao
Square's Tom Sawyer	publisher	Square Co.
Otocky	publisher	ASCII Corporation
Angel Heart	publisher	Shinchosha
Angel Heart	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
AeroGauge	publisher	ASCII Corporation
Megamania	publisher	Activision
Bass Masters 2000	publisher	THQ
Armorines: Project S.W.A.R.M.	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Midway's Greatest Arcade Hits	publisher	Midway Games
Computer Music	publisher	Future plc
All Star Tennis '99	publisher	Ubisoft
Battlezone: Rise of the Black Dogs	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Cholo	publisher	Firebird
Metallurgical and Materials Transactions	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Electronic Materials	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Pink Panther: Passport to Peril	publisher	Rockstar Games
The Pink Panther: Passport to Peril	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Nancy Drew: Danger by Design	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
A, A Novel	publisher	Grove Press
Lulu Dark Can See Through Walls	publisher	Razorbill
Savage Reign	publisher	SNK
Arianrhod RPG	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Arianrhod RPG	publisher	Game Field
The Adventures of Robin Hood	publisher	Millennium Interactive
Brunswick Circuit Pro Bowling	publisher	THQ
California Speed	publisher	Midway Games
Bottom of the 9th	publisher	Konami
Quest of Persia	publisher	Puya Arts
Chopper Attack	publisher	Midway Games
G.A.S.P!! Fighters' NEXTream	publisher	Konami
CyberTiger	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bite Me: Narrative Structures and Buffy the Vampire Slayer	publisher	Australian Centre for the Moving Image
The Aesthetics of Culture in Buffy the Vampire Slayer	publisher	McFarland & Company
Buffy the Vampire Slayer	publisher	British Film Institute
Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Philosophy	publisher	Open Court Publishing Company
Reading the Vampire Slayer	publisher	Tauris Parke Paperbacks
Fighting the Forces	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, Inc.
Sex and the Slayer	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Seven Seasons of Buffy	publisher	Benbella Books
Five Seasons of Angel	publisher	Benbella Books
Reading Angel	publisher	I. B. Tauris
Law & Society Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Why Buffy Matters	publisher	I. B. Tauris
Televised Morality	publisher	Hamilton Books
What Would Buffy Do%3F	publisher	Jossey-Bass
Slayer Slang	publisher	Oxford University Press, USA
Blood Relations: Chosen Families in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel	publisher	McFarland & Company
Mexico Set	publisher	Hutchinson
Mexico Set	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
London Match	publisher	Hutchinson
Dual Heroes	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dual Heroes	publisher	Electro Brain
Duck Dodgers Starring Daffy Duck	publisher	Infogrames
Mystic	publisher	CrossGen
Mystic	publisher	Marvel Comics
Freestyle MetalX	publisher	Midway Games
Flushed Away	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Sneaker	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Freestyle Street Soccer	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Joint Task Force	publisher	HD Publishing Sierra Entertainment,
Frogger: Helmet Chaos	publisher	Konami
Neuromancer	publisher	Activision
Dynomite!	publisher	PopCap Games
V-Rally 3	publisher	Infogrames
The Italian Job	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Playhour	publisher	Amalgamated Press
Celebrity Deathmatch	publisher	Gotham Games
International Journal of Motorcycle Studies	publisher	Nova Southeastern University, Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences
Albert Odyssey	publisher	Sunsoft
The Young Flying Fox	publisher	Wuxia and History
The Second Angel	publisher	Orion Books
The Second Angel	publisher	Henry Holt
F-1 World Grand Prix II	publisher	Video System
F1 Pole Position 64	publisher	Ubisoft
The Grand Chessboard	publisher	Basic Books
Forsaken	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Golden Nugget 64	publisher	Electronic Arts
GT 64: Championship Edition	publisher	Ocean Software
After Dark	publisher	Kodansha
After Dark	publisher	Harvill Press
After Dark	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Hot Wheels Turbo Racing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bass Hunter 64	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Indy Racing 2000	publisher	Infogrames
International Track & Field 2000	publisher	Konami
Ken Griffey Jr.'s Slugfest	publisher	Nintendo
Kobe Bryant in NBA Courtside	publisher	Nintendo
Virus Buster Serge	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Michael Owen's WLS 2000	publisher	THQ and SouthPeak Interactive
Bokurano: Ours	publisher	Shogakukan
Mike Piazza's Strike Zone	publisher	GT Interactive
The Fury of Dracula	publisher	Games Workshop
The Fury of Dracula	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Monaco Grand Prix	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
NBA Courtside 2: Featuring Kobe Bryant	publisher	Nintendo
NBA Hangtime	publisher	Midway
NBA Jam 99	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
NFL QB Club 2001	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
NFL Quarterback Club 2000	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
NHL Blades of Steel '99	publisher	Konami
NHL Breakaway 99	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
NHL Breakaway 98	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Mistborn: The Final Empire	publisher	Tor Books, Macmillan Audio
Off Road Challenge	publisher	Midway Games
Off Road Challenge	publisher	GT Interactive
Olympic Hockey Nagano '98	publisher	Midway Games
Polaris SnoCross	publisher	Vatical Entertainment
The Ruins	publisher	Vintage
Rally Challenge 2000	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
The Honorable Barbarian	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Goblin Tower	publisher	Pyramid Books
Rat Attack!	publisher	Mindscape Group
Razor Freestyle Scooter	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Dark Colony	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Dark Colony	publisher	GameTek
Star of the Sea	publisher	Random House
California Law Review	publisher	University of California, Berkeley, School of Law
Blue Force	publisher	Tsunami Games
Gemstone Healer	publisher	Strategic Simulations
White Horse Neighs in the Western Wind	publisher	Ming Pao
Mandarin Duck Blades	publisher	Ming Pao
Sword of the Yue Maiden	publisher	Ming Pao
A Deadly Secret	publisher	Ming Pao
The Glorious Cause	publisher	Ballantine Books
Mexico City Blues	publisher	Grove Press
Chicago Dispatcher	publisher	George Lutfallah
Book of Dreams	publisher	City Lights Bookstore
Judas	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Microsoft Train Simulator 2	publisher	Microsoft
Three Hearts and Three Lions	publisher	Doubleday
Scar Tissue	publisher	Hyperion
Eastern Oklahoma Catholic	publisher	Bishop Edward James Slattery
The Drifting Classroom	publisher	Shogakukan
Bitter Virgin	publisher	Square Enix
The Transformers: Stormbringer	publisher	IDW Publishing
Pocket Monsters	publisher	Shogakukan
The Clocks of Iraz	publisher	Pyramid Books
The Bladerunner	publisher	David McKay Publications
Instant Teen: Just Add Nuts	publisher	Kodansha
The Third Eye	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Lonesome Traveler	publisher	McGraw Hill
Southern Spaces	publisher	Robert W. Woodruff Library Digital Library Research Initiatives, Emory University
The Man Who Walked Between the Towers	publisher	Roaring Brook Press and Millbrook Press
Tokyo NOVA	publisher	Enterbrain
Tokyo NOVA	publisher	Game Field
La Chamade	publisher	Éditions Julliard
La Chamade	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Vandal Hearts II	publisher	Konami
The Fallen Man	publisher	HarperCollins
The Friendship	publisher	hardback, Dial, paperback, Puffin
Door Wide Open	publisher	Viking Press
Cyber-Lip	publisher	SNK Playmore
Tamagotchi 64: Minna de Tamagotchi World	publisher	Bandai
Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Ninja Gaiden II	publisher	Microsoft
Galactic Civilizations II: Dark Avatar	publisher	Stardock
The Education of Little Tree	publisher	Dell Publishing
Blue Sonnet	publisher	Hakusensha
The Story of Saiunkoku	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Story of Saiunkoku	publisher	Seoul Media Group
64 Ōzumō	publisher	Bottom Up
Bakushō Jinsei 64: Mezase! Resort Ō	publisher	Taito
Power Athlete	publisher	Kaneko
Black & White 2: Battle of the Gods	publisher	Electronic Arts
Marvel Universe Roleplaying Game	publisher	Marvel Comics
Object-Oriented Software Construction	publisher	Prentice Hall
Letting Go	publisher	Random House
Kaleidoscope	publisher	Delacorte Press
Japan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Japan	publisher	Hakusensha
Adrian Mole: From Minor to Major	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Deep Dungeon	publisher	Square Co.
Deep Dungeon	publisher	DOG , Scap Trust
Deep Dungeon	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Footprints on Sand	publisher	Advent:Publishers
Thunderhawk	publisher	Amiga & DOS
Thunderhawk	publisher	Core Design
Thunderhawk	publisher	Mega-CD
Thunderhawk	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Thunderhawk	publisher	JVC Digital Studios
The Queen of Zamba	publisher	Dale Books
FIFA 07	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Moorchild	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
Sturmtruppen: The Videogame	publisher	IDea
Dogsbody	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Dogsbody	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Dogsbody	publisher	Firebird
The Spoils	publisher	Arcane Tinmen
The Harlequin Tea Set	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
High Heat Major League Baseball 2003	publisher	3
High Heat Major League Baseball 2003	publisher	Takara
Star Wars: Droid Works	publisher	Lucas Learning
A Moose for Jessica	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
Dance Hall of the Dead	publisher	Harper and Row
Chosen of the Gods	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Bard: The Odyssey of the Irish	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Weapons of Legacy	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Emu	publisher	CSIRO Publishing for the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union
Trollbabe	publisher	Adept Press
Adventist Review	publisher	Review and Herald Publishing Association
Wingspan	publisher	Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union
The Gift of Gab	publisher	Astounding
GT Pro Series	publisher	Ubisoft
GT Pro Series	publisher	MTO
Rubber Dinosaurs and Wooden Elephants	publisher	Borgo Press
NASCAR Racing	publisher	Papyrus Design Group
NASCAR Racing	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Bones of the Earth	publisher	Eos
Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo Tales	publisher	Square Enix
Adrian Mole: The Wilderness Years	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole	publisher	Puffin Books
The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Restless Supermarket	publisher	David Philip Publishers
Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years	publisher	Michael Joseph
Custom Robo	publisher	Nintendo
Custom Robo V2	publisher	Nintendo
The Monopoly Game 2	publisher	Takara Tomy
The Monopoly Game 2	publisher	Ape, Inc.
Choro Q 64 2: Hachamecha Grand Prix Race	publisher	Takara
E-racer	publisher	Rage Software
A Fête Worse Than Death	publisher	Review
The Killing Game Show	publisher	Psygnosis
The Killing Game Show	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Peace Keepers	publisher	Jaleco
Jambo	publisher	Kosmos
Jambo	publisher	Rio Grande Games
F-1 Dream	publisher	Capcom
F-1 Dream	publisher	NEC Avenue
Land of Unreason	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Number Ten	publisher	Penguin Books
Medal of Honor: Heroes	publisher	EA Games
The Heritage of Hastur	publisher	DAW Books
The Boats of the %22Glen Carrig%22	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Descent to Undermountain	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
International World Wide Web Conference	publisher	International World Wide Web Conference Committee
Kingdom Come	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Cruise Chaser Blassty	publisher	Square
Super Robot Taisen: Original Generation 2	publisher	Atlus
Logic Quest 3D	publisher	The Learning Company, Softkey Multimedia Inc
Alone Against Tomorrow	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Days of Thunder	publisher	Mindscape Group
Bambi and Her Pink Gun	publisher	Enterbrain
Dragon Hopper	publisher	Nintendo
Naked in Death	publisher	Penguin Group
Zoor: Majū Tsukai Densetsu	publisher	Imagineer
Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey '98	publisher	Midway Games
Waialae Country Club: True Golf Classics	publisher	Nintendo
Ucchannanchan no Honō no Challenger: Denryū Iraira Bō	publisher	Hudson Soft
Twisted Edge Extreme Snowboarding	publisher	Midway Games
All She Was Worth	publisher	Mariner Books
Rugrats: Scavenger Hunt	publisher	THQ
Casanova	publisher	Image Comics
Casanova	publisher	Icon Comics
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Queen Amidala	publisher	Scholastic Press
Color Dark Castle	publisher	Delta Tao Software
The Zenith Angle	publisher	Del Ray
Garfield and His Nine Lives	publisher	The Game Factory
Stalking the Nightmare	publisher	Phantasia Press
Vampire Night	publisher	Namco
...But, I'm Your Teacher	publisher	Biblos
...But, I'm Your Teacher	publisher	Enterbrain
888	publisher	Gentosha
The Carnelian Cube	publisher	Gnome Press
Perman	publisher	Shogakukan
Negima!%3F	publisher	Kodansha
Rally Bike	publisher	Taito
Lethal Enforcers 3	publisher	Konami
Her Smoke Rose Up Forever	publisher	Arkham House
Another Mind	publisher	Square
Prisoner's Dilemma	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Terra the Gunslinger	publisher	Enterbrain
Terra the Gunslinger	publisher	Game Field
Time and Chance: an Autobiography	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Robotech: The New Generation	publisher	Airborne Entertainment
Saikyō Habu Shōgi	publisher	Seta
Shadowgate 64: Trials of the Four Towers	publisher	Kemco
Scooby-Doo! Classic Creep Capers	publisher	THQ
Gangs of London	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Samurai Aces	publisher	Banpresto
Samurai Aces	publisher	Taito
Samurai Aces	publisher	505 Games
Star Soldier: Vanishing Earth	publisher	SETA Corporation
Starshot: Space Circus Fever	publisher	Infogrames
Kaguyahime	publisher	Hakusensha
Stunt Racer 64	publisher	Midway Games
Super B-Daman: Battle Phoenix 64	publisher	Hudson Soft
Love Monster	publisher	Shueisha
Super Robot Spirits	publisher	Banpresto
Super Robot Wars 64	publisher	Banpresto
Supercross 2000	publisher	Electronic Arts
Faces of War	publisher	Ubisoft
Faces of War	publisher	1
The Message in the Bottle	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Densha de Go! 2 Kōsoku-hen	publisher	Taito
Men and the City	publisher	Saddam Hussein
Saiyuki: Journey West	publisher	Koei
Weather Report Girl	publisher	Kodansha
University of Pennsylvania Journal of International Law	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Law School
B.L.U.E. Legend of Water	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Shunned House	publisher	Arkham House
Hymns of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Magic of Incarnum	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
InTown	publisher	The Journal News
InTown	publisher	Gannett
For the Strength of Youth	publisher	Intellectual Reserve, Inc.
Blood Beast	publisher	HarperCollins
Demon Apocalypse	publisher	HarperCollins
Crime Patrol 2: Drug Wars	publisher	American Laser Games
Crime Patrol 2: Drug Wars	publisher	Digital Leisure
Gutsville	publisher	Image Comics
Star Trek: Encounters	publisher	Bethesda SoftworksUbisoft
Father of Frankenstein	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Transformers: The Headmasters	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Transformers: The Headmasters	publisher	Kodansha
Nerilka's Story	publisher	Del Rey Books
Integrative Cancer Therapies	publisher	Sage Publications
Rumble Racing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Top Gear Rally 2	publisher	Kemco
Triple Play 2000	publisher	EA Sports
Scribblings	publisher	NESFA Press
Toy Story 2: Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue	publisher	Activision
Toy Story 2: Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Toy Story 2: Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue	publisher	THQ
The Ruby in the Smoke	publisher	Oxford University Press
Reading in the Dark	publisher	Jonathan Cape
X-Men: Phoenix – Endsong	publisher	Marvel Comics
Neverwinter Nights: Pirates of the Sword Coast	publisher	Atari
NASCAR Thunder 2002	publisher	Electronic Arts
Identifying and Managing Project Risk	publisher	American Management Association
Kakuto Chojin: Back Alley Brutal	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Scarsdale Magazine	publisher	The Journal News
Scarsdale Magazine	publisher	Gannett
The Silly Book	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Putnam Magazine	publisher	Gannett
The Queen's Amulet	publisher	Chronicle Books
Are You My Mother%3F	publisher	Random House
Takeda	publisher	Xicat Interactive, Inc.
Gus Goes to Cybertown	publisher	Modern Media Ventures
The Jewel in the Skull	publisher	Lancer Books
In the 1st Degree	publisher	Brøderbund
Bastard out of Carolina	publisher	Dutton Penguin
My-Otome	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Forest People	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Structure of Evolutionary Theory	publisher	Harvard University Press
Sōkaigi	publisher	Square Co.
Ogre Slayer	publisher	Shogakukan
Skeleton Key	publisher	Walker Books
Snakehead	publisher	Walker Books
Black Belt	publisher	Sega
Aquarium	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
Measurement Science and Technology	publisher	IOP Publishing
After School Nightmare	publisher	Akita Shoten
To Die in Italbar	publisher	Doubleday
Arm of Kannon	publisher	Gentosha
B.B. Explosion	publisher	Shogakukan
Baby Birth	publisher	Kodansha
Army Men: Sarge's Heroes 2	publisher	The 3DO Company
NeuroImage	publisher	Elsevier
The Metabarons Roleplaying Game	publisher	West End Games
Canon	publisher	Akita Shoten
Call Me Princess	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon
Konductra	publisher	O~3 Entertainment
Rampage Through Time	publisher	Midway Games
Galaga: Destination Earth	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Blade of the Phantom Master	publisher	Daewon C.I.
Blade of the Phantom Master	publisher	Shogakukan
Cinnamoroll	publisher	Shogakukan
Cinnamoroll	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Stress of Her Regard	publisher	Ace Books
Hammer of the Scots	publisher	Columbia Games
The Hand of Zei	publisher	Owlswick Press
The Separation	publisher	Scribners
Space Race	publisher	Atari
Sambad Prabhakar	publisher	Ishwar Chandra Gupta
The New Nelson Japanese-English Character Dictionary	publisher	Tuttle Publishing
The Judas Pair	publisher	Collins Crime Club
I, Fatty	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Discomfort Zone	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Persia, the Magic Fairy	publisher	Shueisha
Auld Lang Syne	publisher	IDW Publishing
Joe Gould's Secret	publisher	Vintage Books
NBA Showdown	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Hydlide	publisher	Technology and Entertainment Software
Hydlide	publisher	FCI
Legion Arena	publisher	Freeverse
Legion Arena	publisher	Strategy First
Caravan Kidd	publisher	Shogakukan
Avalanche	publisher	Atari
Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned	publisher	Sierra Studios
Avengers in Galactic Storm	publisher	Data East
Brass Man	publisher	Tor
Challengers	publisher	Hakusensha
Challengers	publisher	Kaiōsha
Aztarac	publisher	Centuri
Cafe Kichijoji de	publisher	Shinshokan
B.C. Story	publisher	SemiCom
Dynamite Dan	publisher	Mirrorsoft
Dynamite Dan II	publisher	Mirrorsoft
Gex 3: Deep Cover Gecko	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Gex 3: Deep Cover Gecko	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Portuguese Irregular Verbs	publisher	Maclean Dubois
First Battalion	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
More Starlight to Your Heart	publisher	Mag Garden
Magic Moon	publisher	Tokyopop
Never Give Up!	publisher	Hakusensha
Love Roma	publisher	Kodansha
Back Street Soccer	publisher	SunA
Expert Common Knowledge	publisher	Expert Software, Inc.
Prelude to Nanarchy	publisher	Grant Naylor Productions, Across the Pond Comics, Studio Hubris
The Will of the Empress	publisher	Scholastic Press
Welt am Sonntag	publisher	Thomas Schmid
Briar's Book	publisher	Scholastic Press
Cyclone	publisher	Vortex Software
Baku Baku Animal	publisher	Sega
King's Gold	publisher	Crest Publishing
Fairy Tail	publisher	Kodansha
Pirateology: A Pirate Hunter's Companion	publisher	Templar Publishing
Pirateology: A Pirate Hunter's Companion	publisher	Candlewick Press
Shock Wave	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dragon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth II: The Rise of the Witch-king	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth II: The Rise of the Witch-king	publisher	New Line Cinema
FIFA Manager	publisher	EA Sports
FIFA Manager	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Wrong Box	publisher	Longman
The Hostage of Zir	publisher	Berkley Books
The Unicorn in the Garden	publisher	Harper & Brothers
NBA Street Homecourt	publisher	EA Sports BIG
Kuso Miso Technique	publisher	Barazoku
Mix Tape: The Art of Cassette Culture	publisher	Universe Publishing
ESP Ra.De.	publisher	Atlus
The Trail of Cthulhu	publisher	Arkham House
Aqua Knight	publisher	Shueisha
Tom Clancy's Politika	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Qwan	publisher	Media Factory
Was	publisher	Harper Collins
Not Without My Husband	publisher	Casimir Katz
Tears of the Giraffe	publisher	Polygon Books
Winged Warlords	publisher	CDS Microsystems
Morality for Beautiful Girls	publisher	Polygon Books
Tintin on the Moon	publisher	Infogrames
Small Arms	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
X-Men: Phoenix – Warsong	publisher	Marvel Comics
Knuckles the Echidna	publisher	Archie Comics
The Cobra King of Kathmandu	publisher	Orchard Books
Open Veins of Latin America	publisher	Monthly Review
The Outstretched Shadow	publisher	Tor Books
Anne Frank and Me	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Fortunes of Richard Mahony	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd
Dead End	publisher	Kodansha
Closing Time: The True Story of the Goodbar Murder	publisher	Dell Publishing
Laughter in the Dark	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Lost: Via Domus	publisher	Ubisoft
The Illearth War	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Loose Ends	publisher	Pocket Books
MechWarrior 3050	publisher	Activision
MechWarrior 3050	publisher	Genesis: Extreme Entertainment Group
Redwall Map & Riddler	publisher	Red Fox  & Philomel
The Power that Preserves	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Ultimate Muscle: Legends vs. New Generation	publisher	Bandai
Ultimate Muscle: Legends vs. New Generation	publisher	4Kids TV
Redwall Friend & Foe	publisher	Red Fox  & Philomel
Inventions and Their Management	publisher	International Textbook Company
Superboy and the Ravers	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Web Semantics	publisher	Elsevier
Barricade	publisher	RamTeK
Barrier	publisher	Vectorbeam
Weslandia	publisher	Walker Books
Weslandia	publisher	Candlewick Press
Nuclear Dawn	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Protector	publisher	Gottlieb
Dragon Voice	publisher	Kodansha
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2x	publisher	Activision
Audition Online	publisher	YD Online \nHanbitsoft
Enclave	publisher	Xbox\nWindows
Enclave	publisher	Vivendi Games
Enclave	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Enclave	publisher	Wii
Enclave	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Black Light	publisher	Island Books
Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Beast Wars: The Gathering	publisher	IDW Publishing
Time to Hunt	publisher	Island Books
The Best of L. Sprague de Camp	publisher	Doubleday
A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales	publisher	Doubleday
The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Sprague de Camp's New Anthology of Science Fiction	publisher	Panther
The Virgin & the Wheels	publisher	Popular Library
Mr. Heli	publisher	Irem
The Mad God's Amulet	publisher	Lancer Books
Battle Cross	publisher	Omori Electric
Battle K-Road	publisher	Psikyo
Battle K-Road	publisher	Jaleco
Peter and the Shadow Thieves	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Qualitative Sociology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Undertaker	publisher	Chaos! Comics
Qualitative Social Work	publisher	SAGE Publications
Qualitative Research Reports in Communication	publisher	Eastern Communication Association
Qualitative Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Qualitative Inquiry	publisher	SAGE Publications
Quality and Reliability Engineering International	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Quality Assurance Journal	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Crystal Mines II	publisher	Atari
Raze's Hell	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Lurker at the Threshold	publisher	Arkham House
Vixen 03	publisher	Viking Press
Bloody Wolf	publisher	Data East
Bloody Wolf	publisher	NEC Home Electronics
Chaser	publisher	JoWooD Productions
Battle of Atlantis	publisher	Comsoft
A Natural History of the Senses	publisher	Vintage Books
Quality Engineering	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Society for Quality
Quarterly Journal of Engineering Geology & Hydrogeology	publisher	The Geological Society of London
The Legend of Sword and Fairy	publisher	Softstar Entertainment Inc.
A Peace to End All Peace	publisher	Owl Books
The Vesuvius Club	publisher	Simon & Schuster Ltd
Aiding and Abetting	publisher	Viking Press
Battle Cars	publisher	Namco
Demons and Dinosaurs	publisher	Arkham House
BMJ Quality & Safety	publisher	BMJ Publishing Group
Phantoms and Fancies	publisher	Mirage Press
The Masterharper of Pern	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Masterharper of Pern	publisher	Ballantine Books
Queen's Law Journal	publisher	Queen's University
Battle Shark	publisher	Taito Corporation
An Béal Bocht	publisher	An Preas Náisiúnta
The Battle-Road	publisher	Irem
Look at the Harlequins!	publisher	McGraw-Hill Companies
Os Maias	publisher	Livraria Internacional de Ernesto Chardron, Lugan e Genelioux
The Shadowers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Ravagers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Devastators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Betrayers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Menacers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Interlopers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Poisoners	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Intriguers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Intimidators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Terminators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Retaliators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Terrorizers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Revengers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Addicted to Curry	publisher	Shueisha
The Annihilators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Infiltrators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Detonators	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Vanishers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Demolishers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Frighteners	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Threateners	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Damagers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Land of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Sega
Sabah	publisher	Kalyon Group
Flash	publisher	Tor Books
Indiana Review	publisher	Indiana University Bloomington
Weight Loss	publisher	Viking Press
Ignorance	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Ski Resort Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value
Mission to America	publisher	Doubleday
The Second Form at St. Clare's	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Prison Tycoon	publisher	ValuSoft
Camp Granada	publisher	Milton Bradley
Glass Palace Chronicle	publisher	Oxford University
Glass Palace Chronicle	publisher	Rangoon University Press
Dragon's Fire	publisher	Del Rey Books
Batman: Dead White	publisher	Del Rey Books
Batman: Inferno	publisher	Del Rey Books
Batman: Fear Itself	publisher	Del Rey Books
Warriors of Tao	publisher	Kodansha
Final Impact	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Our Sunshine	publisher	Pan Macmillan, Australia
Frogger: Ancient Shadow	publisher	Konami
Gekitō Pro Yakyū	publisher	SEGA
Gakuen Toshi Vara Noir	publisher	Idea Factory
Frogger's Adventures: The Rescue	publisher	Konami
Generation of Chaos Exceed	publisher	Idea Factory
Cousin Henry	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Army Men: Toys in Space	publisher	The 3DO Company
Zoo Tycoon 2: African Adventure	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Zoo Tycoon 2: Endangered Species	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Mirage Studios
Mouryou Kiden	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Murder on the Leviathan	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Sword of Sorcery	publisher	DC Comics
Happy Mania	publisher	Shodensha
The Snowy Day	publisher	Viking Press
Sega Genesis Collection	publisher	Sega
Showboat World	publisher	Pyramid Books
Night of the Werewolf	publisher	Wanderer Books
Night of the Werewolf	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Mystery of the Samurai Sword	publisher	Wanderer Books
Mystery of the Samurai Sword	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Rebbe, the Messiah, and the Scandal of Orthodox Indifference	publisher	The Littmann Library of Jewish Civilization
G-Police	publisher	Psygnosis
G-Police	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Brave New Girl	publisher	MTV
GT Cube	publisher	MTO
Nancy Drew: Stay Tuned for Danger	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Heroes and Hobgoblins	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Enigma: Rising Tide	publisher	Dreamcatcher Interactive
César Cascabel	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee	publisher	Grove Press
Aristotle and the Gun and Other Stories	publisher	Gale Group
Dragonsblood	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Skies of Pern	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Book of Common Prayer	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Top Gear 2	publisher	Kemco
Top Gear 2	publisher	Vic Tokai
Top Gear 2	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
The Dolphins of Pern	publisher	Del Rey Books
Seinlanguage	publisher	Bantam Books
Democracy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Meet the Robinsons	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The White Album	publisher	Simon & Schuster
After Henry	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Rivers of Time	publisher	Baen Books
Happiness!	publisher	Media Factory
The Color of Light	publisher	Warner Books
Hyper Rune	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
King, Queen, Knave	publisher	Slovo
King, Queen, Knave	publisher	McGraw-Hill
King, Queen, Knave	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Strange Meeting	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Etrian Odyssey	publisher	Atlus
Mazeppa	publisher	John Murray
Tetris 64	publisher	SETA Corporation
Without Title	publisher	Yale University Press
Big Bang Comics	publisher	Pisces All Media
Deus Vitae	publisher	Kodansha
Dark Edge	publisher	MediaWorks
Abide with Me	publisher	Random House
Sharpe's Devil	publisher	HarperCollins
Dial-a-Ghost	publisher	Penguin Group
Quantum	publisher	Atari
Doraemon: Nobita to Mittsu no Seireiseki	publisher	Epoch Co.
24timer	publisher	MetroXpress
The Teachings of Don Juan	publisher	University of California Press
Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings	publisher	LucasArts
The Abolition of Britain	publisher	Quartet Books
Shadow Watch	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Fast Draw Showdown	publisher	American Laser Games
Fast Draw Showdown	publisher	Digital Leisure
DX-Ball 2	publisher	Longbow Digital Arts
Chest	publisher	American College of Chest Physicians
Judo Boy	publisher	Shueisha
Judo Boy	publisher	Shogakukan
Badlands	publisher	Konami
Badlands	publisher	Centuri
Sarutobi Ecchan	publisher	Sun Comics
The Big Red Adventure	publisher	Core Design
Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel	publisher	Konami
The Alteration	publisher	Jonathan Cape
NFL Sports Talk Football '93	publisher	Sega of America, Inc.
Marvelous Melmo	publisher	Shogakukan
Show Business	publisher	Penguin Books India
Taz in Escape from Mars	publisher	Sega
I Don't Mean to be Rude, but...	publisher	Ebury Press
The Ninja	publisher	M Evans & Co
Tome of Magic	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Tome of Magic	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mamotte! Lollipop	publisher	Kodansha
Famista 64	publisher	Namco
Chōkūkan Night: Pro Yakyū King	publisher	Imagineer
Chōkūkan Night: Pro Yakyū King 2	publisher	Imagineer
Shiren the Wanderer 2	publisher	Chunsoft
Goemon Mononoke Sugoroku	publisher	Konami
Getter Love!!: Chō Renai Party Game Tanjō	publisher	Hudson Soft
Hamster Monogatari 64	publisher	Culture Brain
The Pentagon Spy	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Pentagon Spy	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Heiwa Pachinko World 64	publisher	Shouei System
The Apeman's Secret	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Apeman's Secret	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Masters '98: Haruka Naru Augusta	publisher	T&E Soft
The Mummy Case	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Mummy Case	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Mystery of Smugglers Cove	publisher	Wanderer Books, Grosset & Dunlap
The Stone Idol	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Stone Idol	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Outlaw's Silver	publisher	Wanderer Books
Druid	publisher	Firebird Software
The Vanishing Thieves	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Vanishing Thieves	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
GURPS Bili the Axe – Up Harzburk!	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
The Submarine Caper	publisher	Wanderer Books
Cutthroats: Terror on the High Seas	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Broken Commandment	publisher	University of Tokyo Press
Atsumare! Power Pro Kun no DS Kōshien	publisher	Konami
The Pope's Children	publisher	Gill&Macmillan
Jeremy McGrath Supercross 2000	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Jikkyō GI Stable	publisher	Konami
J-League Tactics Soccer	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
J. League Live 64	publisher	Electronic Arts Victor
J-League Eleven Beat 1997	publisher	Hudson Soft
J-League Dynamite Soccer 64	publisher	Imagineer
Jinsei Game 64	publisher	Takara
Kira tto Kaiketsu! 64 Tanteidan	publisher	Imagineer
Last Legion UX	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Last Burden	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Mammaries of the Welfare State	publisher	Viking Press
Myst Online: Uru Live	publisher	Ubisoft
Myst Online: Uru Live	publisher	Cyan Worlds
Myst Online: Uru Live	publisher	GameTap
Nymphomation	publisher	Doubleday
Beach Life	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Where I Was From	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Magical Emi, the Magic Star	publisher	Shogakukan
We Were There	publisher	Shogakukan
The Doll People	publisher	Hyperion Books
Beavis and Butt-Head	publisher	Viacom
Beavis and Butt-Head	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Pastel Yumi, the Magic Idol	publisher	Shogakukan
Gadget Invention, Travel, & Adventure	publisher	Synergy Interactive
Gadget Invention, Travel, & Adventure	publisher	Nippon Telegraph and Telephone
Blast Lacrosse	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Enduro	publisher	Activision
Zyword	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Variante	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Morita Shogi 64	publisher	SETA
Nushi Tsuri 64	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
PD Ultraman Battle Collection 64	publisher	Bandai
Parlor! Pro 64: Pachinko Jikki Simulation	publisher	Nihon Telenet
Nushi Tsuri 64: Shiokaze Ninotte	publisher	VIS Interactive
Power League 64	publisher	Hudson Soft
Expansión	publisher	Unidad Editorial
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	publisher	THQ
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	publisher	Bandai
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	publisher	Fox Kids
Combat Elite: WWII Paratroopers	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Premier Manager: Ninety Nine	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Rally '99	publisher	Imagineer
Roadsters	publisher	Titus Software
Robot Ponkottsu 64: Nanatsu no Umi no Caramel	publisher	Hudson Soft
Blue Inferior	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Open Season	publisher	Ubisoft
War of the Gods	publisher	DC Comics
The Last Open Road	publisher	Think Fast Ink
Godzilla 2: War of the Monsters	publisher	Toho
Legacy of the Wizard	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Legacy of the Wizard	publisher	Namcot
Legacy of the Wizard	publisher	Brøderbund
We the People	publisher	Avalon Hill
Monthly Comic Alive	publisher	Media Factory
Spencerville	publisher	Warner Books
Whiplash	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Winter Queen	publisher	Zakharov
The Winter Queen	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Winter Queen	publisher	Random House
Tobacco and Slaves	publisher	University of North Carolina Press for the Institute of Early American History and Culture
Warhammer Monthly	publisher	Black Library
Sherlock Holmes: The Mystery of the Mummy	publisher	Wanadoo
Sherlock Holmes: The Mystery of the Mummy	publisher	The Adventure Company
Journal of Symbolic Computation	publisher	Elsevier
The Icarus Hunt	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Cadash	publisher	Taito
The Penderwicks	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Blitzkrieg	publisher	DC Comics
My Greatest Adventure	publisher	DC Comics
Megapanel	publisher	Namco
Shock Illustrated	publisher	EC Comics
Crime Illustrated	publisher	EC Comics
Confessions Illustrated	publisher	EC Comics
Terror Illustrated	publisher	EC Comics
Rugby 2005	publisher	Electronic Arts
Sporting Chance	publisher	Baen Books
Once a Hero	publisher	Baen Books
Prayers to Broken Stones	publisher	Dark Harvest; Bantam Books
Rules of Engagement	publisher	Baen Books
Winning Colors	publisher	Baen Books
Travelers of a Hundred Ages	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Hunting Party	publisher	Baen Books
Heirs of Empire	publisher	Baen Books
Path of the Fury	publisher	Baen Books
Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu	publisher	Columbia University Press
Change of Command	publisher	Baen Books
Against the Odds	publisher	Baen Books
Afghanis-tan	publisher	SansaiBooks
Web	publisher	Michael Joseph
Chimera	publisher	CrossGen Entertainment
Spectrum	publisher	AST
Trying to Save Piggy Sneed	publisher	Arcade Publishing
Dog Years	publisher	Harcourt
Planetarion	publisher	Jagex Games Studio
Metal Max 2	publisher	Data East
Metal Max 2	publisher	Now Production
Metal Max 2	publisher	Kadokawa Games
Ta Nea	publisher	Lambrakis Press Group
Harlan Ellison's Watching	publisher	Underwood-Miller
Mid-American Review	publisher	Bowling Green State University
Swords and Serpents	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Cave	publisher	Caminho
Immercenary	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Library Quarterly	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Hayden's Ferry Review	publisher	Arizona State University
If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home	publisher	Delacorte Press
Mary, Mary	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Miami	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Safely Home	publisher	Tyndale House
Salvador	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Salvador	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Salvador	publisher	Lester & Orpen Dennys
One, Two, Buckle My Shoe	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Political Fictions	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Barrow Hill	publisher	Shadow Tor Studios
Barrow Hill	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Barrow Hill	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Barrow Hill	publisher	Akella
Afrika	publisher	JP Sony Computer Entertainment
Afrika	publisher	NA Natsume
Dairy Queen	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Weird Mystery Tales	publisher	DC Comics
The Discovery of Slowness	publisher	Viking Penguin
Sybil's Garage	publisher	Matthew Kressel
Chronos Twins	publisher	Oxygen Games
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat	publisher	Viking Press
Starship Troopers	publisher	Empire Interactive and Destineer
Digimon World Data Squad	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Drakensang: The Dark Eye	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Drakensang: The Dark Eye	publisher	THQ
Drakensang: The Dark Eye	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Drakensang: The Dark Eye	publisher	Fx Interactive
Drakensang: The Dark Eye	publisher	Techland
Witch Week	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
The Infinity Clue	publisher	Wanderer Books
Voyage into the Unknown	publisher	Mastertronic
Batman: Year 100	publisher	DC Comics
Konami Hyper Soccer	publisher	Konami
EA Replay	publisher	Electronic Arts
Terrorist	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Four-Headed Dragon	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Crimson Flame	publisher	Wanderer Books
Trapped at Sea	publisher	Wanderer Books
Game Plan for Disaster	publisher	Wanderer Books
Tic-Tac-Terror	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Billion Dollar Ransom	publisher	Wanderer Books
Track of the Zombie	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Thief	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Cyborg	publisher	Arbor House
Hallam Foe	publisher	Headline Review
Blind Faith	publisher	Signet Books
The Wild Blue	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Perfect Stranger	publisher	Dell
Pimp: The Backhanding	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Republic of Rome	publisher	Avalon Hill
Republic of Rome	publisher	Jeux Descartes
Republic of Rome	publisher	Valley Games
Reaper's Gale	publisher	Bantam Books
Reaper's Gale	publisher	Tor Books
Power Quest	publisher	Capcom
Power Quest	publisher	Sunsoft
Go, Dog. Go!	publisher	Random House Books for Young Readers
Street Fighter II′ Turbo: Hyper Fighting	publisher	Capcom
Crusade in Europe	publisher	Doubleday
Crusade in Europe	publisher	Heinemann
Ken Uston's Guide to Buying and Beating the Home Video Games	publisher	Signet Books
Inindo: Way of the Ninja	publisher	Koei
Temüjin	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Gertrude and Claudius	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Gran Turismo	publisher	Polys Entertainment
The Clue of the Tapping Heels	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Fate: Gates of Dawn	publisher	ReLINE Software
Kazohinia	publisher	Corvina Press , New Europe Books
The Individuated Hobbit	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Summon the Thunder	publisher	Pocket Books
Lunicus	publisher	Paramount Pictures
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Purple Pterodactyls	publisher	Phantasia Press
Battle Out Run	publisher	Sega
Clinical Medicine	publisher	Royal College of Physicians
Dragon Sword and Wind Child	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Dragon Sword and Wind Child	publisher	Viz Media
MX vs. ATV: On the Edge	publisher	THQ
Qin: Tomb of the Middle Kingdom	publisher	Time Warner
Qin: Tomb of the Middle Kingdom	publisher	Southpeak Interactive
Qin: Tomb of the Middle Kingdom	publisher	Attica
A Choice of Magic	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Gateway to Apshai	publisher	Epyx
Beach Festival World Championship 1997	publisher	Comad
Battlefield: Bad Company	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Meaning of Night	publisher	John Murray
Beast Busters	publisher	SNK
Beast Busters	publisher	U.S. Gold
Beast Busters	publisher	Activision
Beam Invader	publisher	Tekunon Kougyou
Deer Avenger	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Quest for the Shaven Yak Starring Ren Hoëk and Stimpy	publisher	Sega of America
Quest for the Shaven Yak Starring Ren Hoëk and Stimpy	publisher	Tectoy
Chasm: The Rift	publisher	GT Interactive Software, WizardWorks Software, Megamedia Corp.
Caliban	publisher	Grimoire Games
Yu Yu Hakusho: Tournament Tactics	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Battlehawks 1942	publisher	Lucasfilm Games
Castle of Dr. Brain	publisher	Sierra On-Line
B-17 Flying Fortress	publisher	MicroProse
4x4 Off-Road Racing	publisher	Epyx
La Civiltà Cattolica	publisher	Society of Jesus
The Howling Tower	publisher	Grimoire Games
The Citadel of Thunder	publisher	Grimoire Games
Black Gold	publisher	ReLINE Software
Black Gold	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Quiz Nanairo Dreams	publisher	Capcom
Arctic Thunder	publisher	Midway Games
CrossGenesis	publisher	CrossGen Entertainment
The Reluctant Shaman and Other Fantastic Tales	publisher	Pyramid Books
CrossGen Chronicles	publisher	CrossGen Entertainment
Tales from Gavagan's Bar	publisher	Twayne Publishers
Chocotto Sister	publisher	Hakusensha
Saurians: Unnatural Selection	publisher	CrossGen Entertainment
Spycraft: The Great Game	publisher	Activision
The Transformers: Generations	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Transformers: Evolutions	publisher	IDW Publishing
Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Jubilee	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Conservatives without Conscience	publisher	Viking Press
Georgetown Law Journal	publisher	Georgetown University Law Center
Five on a Treasure Island	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Tough Guide To Fantasyland	publisher	Vista Books
The Tough Guide To Fantasyland	publisher	Firebird Books
With Authority!	publisher	THQ
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
Operation: Blockade	publisher	Infogrames
Orcs & Elves	publisher	EA Mobile
Orcs & Elves	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bears Can't Run Downhill	publisher	Ebury Press
The Girl at the Lion d'Or	publisher	Hutchinson
After Doomsday	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Different Universe	publisher	Basic Books
Babyji	publisher	Anchor Books
Wars and Warriors: Joan of Arc	publisher	Enlight
The Grass Crown	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Grass Crown	publisher	Century
Talking Right	publisher	Perseus Books Group
Dead Girls	publisher	HarperCollins
Dark Reign 2	publisher	Activision
Alien Carnage	publisher	3D Realms
Dolls	publisher	Asahi Sonarama
Mario Strikers Charged	publisher	Nintendo
Gunslingers and Gamblers	publisher	FJGaming
Metamorphic Force	publisher	Konami
Happy Feet	publisher	Midway Games
Spine	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Lego Island 2: The Brickster's Revenge	publisher	Lego Software
F-22	publisher	NovaLogic
Cosmic Odyssey	publisher	DC Comics
Defense News	publisher	Michael Reinstein
ParaWorld	publisher	Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
ParaWorld	publisher	Deep Silver
ParaWorld	publisher	Aspyr Media
Social Neuroscience	publisher	Psychology Press
Circus Maximus: Chariot Wars	publisher	Encore, Inc.
Circus Maximus: Chariot Wars	publisher	THQ
Beat Head	publisher	Atari Games
Reiko the Zombie Shop	publisher	Bunkasha
Sorcerer's Son	publisher	Del Rey Books
Zombie Zombie	publisher	Quicksilva Ltd
The Haunted Mansion	publisher	TDK Mediactive
The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales	publisher	Twayne Publishers
Czarne oceany	publisher	Supernowa
Home Run King	publisher	Sega
Any Human Heart	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Hudson Selection	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens	publisher	Twayne Publishers
Hot Wheels Velocity X	publisher	THQ
Hot Wheels World Race	publisher	THQ
Chariot Race	publisher	Micro Antics
The Crystal Palace	publisher	New American Library
World War III: Black Gold	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Gurren Lagann	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Gurren Lagann	publisher	Shogakukan
Gurren Lagann	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Birth of Venus	publisher	Random House
Rejuvenation Research	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Ben Bero Beh	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Berlin Wall	publisher	Kaneko
Big Event Golf	publisher	Taito
Big Bucks Trivia	publisher	Dynasoft
Best Bout Boxing	publisher	Jaleco
Bermuda Triangle	publisher	SNK Playmore
The Class	publisher	Bantam Books
The Healthy Dead	publisher	PS Publishing
The Healthy Dead	publisher	Night Shade Books
Big Run	publisher	Jaleco
Crash B-Daman	publisher	Shogakukan
View Magazine	publisher	Sean Rosen
Big Twin	publisher	Playmark
Bigfoot Bonkers	publisher	Meadows Games
Billiard Academy Real Break	publisher	Nakanihon
Bio-Attack	publisher	Taito Corporation
Sailor Song	publisher	Viking Press
Daredevil	publisher	Ward Lock
Biomechanical Toy	publisher	Gaelco
Adventureland	publisher	Adventure International
Microsoft Mahjong	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Bedroom Secrets of the Master Chefs	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Arcadia	publisher	Imagine Software
TubeTwist	publisher	GarageGames
TubeTwist	publisher	Reflexive Arcade
TubeTwist	publisher	Halycon
Encounters with the Archdruid	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Worms	publisher	Ocean Software
The Control of Nature	publisher	Farrar, Straus, and Giroux
The Skystone	publisher	Forge Books
Thieves of Baghdad	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Fermina Márquez	publisher	Fasquelle
The Saint	publisher	Pocket Books
Beast Wars II: Super Life-Form Transformers	publisher	Kodansha
Hospital Tycoon	publisher	Codemasters
The Singing Sword	publisher	Tor Books
The Singing Sword	publisher	Penguin Books
Divide and Rule	publisher	Fantasy Press
Interviú	publisher	Grupo Zeta
Windjammers	publisher	SNK
Primates	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Archives of Sexual Behavior	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Quarterly Review of Film and Video	publisher	Routledge
Jeremy McGrath Supercross World	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Jikkyō World Soccer 2002	publisher	Konami
Scurge: Hive	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
The Conservationist	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Lex Luthor: Man of Steel	publisher	DC Comics
Ruins	publisher	Marvel Comics
Strands of Starlight	publisher	Roc Books
Dungeons & Dragons: Order of the Griffon	publisher	Turbo Technologies
Dungeons & Dragons: Order of the Griffon	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Young Merlin	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Confessions of an Heiress	publisher	Fireside
Voodoo Castle	publisher	Adventure International
Avenger	publisher	Commodore International
The Pendragon Legend	publisher	Pushkin Press
Hostages	publisher	Infogrames
Hostages	publisher	Superior Software
Fizzles	publisher	Grove Press
Pirate Adventure	publisher	Adventure International
In His Own Write	publisher	Jonathan Cape
In His Own Write	publisher	Macmillan & Scribner
A Spaniard in the Works	publisher	Simon & Schuster, Buccaneer Books, Bakhåll
King Arthur	publisher	Konami
Korokke! Ban-Ō no Kiki o Sukue	publisher	Konami
Knights of the Temple: Infernal Crusade	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Kao the Kangaroo: Round 2	publisher	JoWood Productions
Kao the Kangaroo: Round 2	publisher	Nordic Games
Kao the Kangaroo: Round 2	publisher	Atari
Kururin Squash!	publisher	Nintendo
The Story of Lucy Gault	publisher	Viking Press
Character Strengths and Virtues	publisher	American Psychological Association and Oxford University Press
Tower of Shadows	publisher	Marvel Comics
Black Heart	publisher	UPL
The Mystery of the Ivory Charm	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Nozomi Witches	publisher	Shueisha
Legend of Himiko	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Owls in the Family	publisher	Little, Brown & Co
Journal of Near Eastern Studies	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Broken Sword: The Angel of Death	publisher	THQ
Captain	publisher	Shueisha
The Saint's Lady	publisher	NA
Blond Barbarians and Noble Savages	publisher	T-K Graphics
The Destiny of the Dead	publisher	2008
11 Myths	publisher	Hearst Communications, Inc.
Philosophy of Arithmetic	publisher	Kluwer Academic Publishers
AquaNox	publisher	Blue Byte Software
AquaNox	publisher	Fishtank Interactive
AquaNox	publisher	Encore Software, Inc.
AquaNox	publisher	JoWood Productions
The Golden Argosy	publisher	Dial Press
Zoo Tycoon 2: Marine Mania	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Ox-Cart Man	publisher	Viking Press
The Transition of Juan Romero	publisher	Arkham House
Old Bugs	publisher	Arkham House
The Rumble Fish 2	publisher	Sega Sammy Holdings
Star Wars: Lethal Alliance	publisher	Ubisoft
Recon	publisher	Palladium Books
Historical Materialism	publisher	Brill Publishers
Let's All Kill Constance	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Russkoye Znamya	publisher	Alexander Dubrovin
The Transformers: Escalation	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Transformers: Devastation	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Transformers: Spotlight	publisher	IDW Publishing
Elsewhere	publisher	CSFG Publishing
Tupac Shakur Legacy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The X-Files: Unrestricted Access	publisher	Fox Interactive
Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Sonic Jump	publisher	Sega
Entombed	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
The Prisoner	publisher	Edu-Ware
Tzar: The Burden of the Crown	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Tzar: The Burden of the Crown	publisher	FX Interactive
Black Spring	publisher	Obelisk Press
Codename: Outbreak	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Lords of Karma	publisher	Avalon Hill
So You Want to Be President%3F	publisher	Philomel Books
Pocket Monsters Emerald: Challenge! Battle Frontier	publisher	Shogakukan
Smash!	publisher	IPC Media
Big Buck Hunter	publisher	Raw Thrills
Imadoki no Vampire: Bloody Bride	publisher	Atlus
N.U.D.E.@ Natural Ultimate Digital Experiment	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Flying Trunk	publisher	C.A. Reitzel
Crimson Skies: High Road to Revenge	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Journal of Experimental Medicine	publisher	Rockefeller University Press
Treasure Hunters	publisher	Cartoon Books
One Man's Chorus: The Uncollected Writings	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Maze of Moonlight	publisher	Roc Books
Shroud of Shadow	publisher	Roc Books
Strands of Sunlight	publisher	Roc Books
In the Best Families	publisher	Viking Press
The Wild Boys	publisher	Grove Press
Nature Medicine	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
F	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Lovecraft: A Look Behind the Cthulhu Mythos	publisher	Ballantine Books
My Early Life	publisher	T. Butterworth, London
My Early Life	publisher	C. Scribner's Sons, New York
Numan Athletics	publisher	Namco
Abbie Hoffman: American Rebel	publisher	Rutgers University Press
High Roads	publisher	Cliffhanger
Tenka Musō	publisher	Shinshokan
Toribash	publisher	Nicalis
Under the Sunset	publisher	Sampson, Low, Marston, Searle & Rivington
Ask Dr. Rin!	publisher	Shogakukan
Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel	publisher	Riverside Press
Journal of Computational Acoustics	publisher	World Scientific
Angler	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Incunabula	publisher	Avalon Hill
The Punisher	publisher	Capcom
Madagascar	publisher	Activision
Antarctic Conquest	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Lotus Challenge	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Conan and the Spider God	publisher	Bantam Books
Looney Tunes: Back in Action	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dynamite Düx	publisher	Sega
Ultraman Nexus	publisher	Bandai
Monster Munch	publisher	Atlantis Software
Bombo	publisher	Rino
Frogrun!	publisher	Anirog Software
Superior Defender Gundam Force Gaiden	publisher	Kodansha
The Mighty Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Annals of Internal Medicine	publisher	American College of Physicians
God Game	publisher	Warner Books
The Magic City	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Agent Arthur's Desert Challenge	publisher	Usborne Publishing Ltd
Inferno	publisher	Del Rey Books
Blackwyche	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Nosferatu: The Wrath of Malachi	publisher	IGames Publishing
American Art	publisher	University of Chicago Press
American Journal of Education	publisher	University of Chicago
Sir Nigel	publisher	The Strand Magazine
Sir Nigel	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Sir Nigel	publisher	McClure, Phillips
American Journal of Human Genetics	publisher	Cell Press on behalf of the American Society of Human Genetics
The Most Beautiful Woman in Town	publisher	City Lights Books
Swipe	publisher	Fundex Games
Song and Dance Man	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Arkham House
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Ballantine Books
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	DAW Books
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Chaosium
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Creation Books
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Permuted Press
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Innsmouth Free Press
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Night Shade Books
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Prime Books
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Titan Books
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Tachyon Publications
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	publisher	Word Horde
The Fateful Triangle	publisher	South End Press US; Between the Lines Books Canada
When Eight Bells Toll	publisher	William Collins, Sons
When Eight Bells Toll	publisher	Doubleday
Toritsu Mizusho!	publisher	Shogakukan
The Prophecy of the Stones	publisher	Miramax Books
Silverblade	publisher	DC Comics
Mark Davis Pro Bass Challenge	publisher	Natsume
Medabots Infinity	publisher	Natsume
MaxPlay Classic Games Volume 1	publisher	Datel
Men in Black II: Alien Escape	publisher	Infogrames
The Sword of the Dawn	publisher	Lancer Books
Over the Wine Dark Sea	publisher	Forge Books
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales	publisher	OUP
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales	publisher	Roy
A Book of Giants	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
A Book of Giants	publisher	E. P. Dutton
IndyCar Racing	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Emergence	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Anarchical Society	publisher	Columbia University Press
Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion	publisher	Milton R. Beychok
Gearhead Garage	publisher	Activision
The Marching Season	publisher	Random House
The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear	publisher	Eichborn Verlag
Outlaws	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Dragon Skulle	publisher	Ultimate Play the Game
Son of Superman	publisher	DC Comics
Men at Birth	publisher	Australian College of Midwives
Nancy Drew: Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Nancy Drew: Danger on Deception Island	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Nancy Drew: Message in a Haunted Mansion	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Journal of Black Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
African American Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Burnout Dominator	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Acts of War	publisher	HarperCollins
Asterix and the Magic Cauldron	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Still Life with Crows	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Rush for Berlin	publisher	Deep Silver
Rush for Berlin	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Heroes of Might and Magic V: Hammers of Fate	publisher	Ubisoft
Advanced Materials	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Genji: Days of the Blade	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
La Corda d'Oro	publisher	Hakusensha
Conquistador	publisher	Roc Books
Mine a Million	publisher	Waddingtons
The Thief Queen's Daughter	publisher	Starscape
Cat and Mouse	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Kingdom of This World	publisher	Edición y Distribución Iberoamericana de Publicaciones
The Kingdom of This World	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Journal of African American History	publisher	Association for the Study of African American Life and History
Slave Ship	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Conan the Liberator	publisher	Bantam Books
The Monthly	publisher	Schwartz Publishing
Play Ball	publisher	Shueisha
Wolf	publisher	Sanctuary Woods
Lion	publisher	Sanctuary Woods
Kidō Senshi Gundam: Senshitachi no Kiseki	publisher	Bandai
Momotarō Dentetsu 11: Black Bombee Shutsugen! No Maki	publisher	Hudson Soft
Momotarō Dentetsu 12: Nishinihon Hen mo ari Masse!	publisher	Hudson Soft
Baksho Rahashya	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Yakuza 2	publisher	Sega
Border Reivers	publisher	Reiver Games
The Theory of Political Coalitions	publisher	Yale University Press
First Test	publisher	Random House
The Ape-Man Within	publisher	Prometheus Books
X-Men: Madness in Murderworld	publisher	Paragon Software
Perry's Chemical Engineers' Handbook	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Conan the Barbarian	publisher	Bantam Books
Chamber of Darkness	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tur-Strato 4	publisher	Literatura mondo
The Sands of Time	publisher	Speak, a division of Penguin Putnam
No Time Like Show Time	publisher	Speak, a division of Penguin Putnam
Turning Point: Fall of Liberty	publisher	Codemasters
Monster House	publisher	THQ
Monsters, Inc. Scream Arena	publisher	THQ
Dragonfire	publisher	Imagic
Al Unser Jr.'s Turbo Racing	publisher	Data East
Monkey Puncher	publisher	Event Horizon Software
Three Days to Never	publisher	William Morrow
Metro	publisher	3
Nancy Drew: The Creature of Kapu Cave	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Death Match	publisher	Doubleday
Keroro Gunsō the Super Movie	publisher	Bandai
The Enchanted Type-Writer	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Hayate × Blade	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Hayate × Blade	publisher	Shueisha
Throne of Jade	publisher	Del Rey Books
Throne of Jade	publisher	Voyager
This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen	publisher	Viking Penguin
Radar Mission	publisher	Nintendo
Stronghold: Crusader	publisher	Take 2 Interactive and God Games
Pother Kanta	publisher	P.C. Sorkar and Sons also anthologized by Ananda Publishers
The Glory That Was	publisher	Avalon Books
Air Support	publisher	Psygnosis
Kerberos Panzer Cop	publisher	Kasakura Shuppansha
Kerberos Panzer Cop	publisher	Nihon Shuppansha
Kerberos Panzer Cop	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Kerberos Panzer Cop	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Princes of Florence	publisher	Alea
The Princes of Florence	publisher	Rio Grande Games
International Rugby Challenge	publisher	Domark
Radical Rex	publisher	Activision
The Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology	publisher	Elsevier
Yubisaki Milk Tea	publisher	Hakusensha
Page	publisher	Random House
Fort Apocalypse	publisher	Synapse Software
Nanostray 2	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Diamonds Are Forever	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Street Magic	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Process	publisher	Doubleday
Don't Buy This	publisher	Telecomsoft
X-Men: Mutant Academy	publisher	Activision
Viking Raiders	publisher	Telecomsoft
The Turkish Gambit	publisher	Zakharov , Weidenfeld & Nicolson , Random House
Alchemist	publisher	Imagine Software
When Corruption Was King	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Osomatsu-kun	publisher	Shogakukan
Osomatsu-kun	publisher	Kodansha
Osomatsu-kun	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
War Wind II: Human Onslaught	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
War Wind II: Human Onslaught	publisher	GOG Ltd
Star Devastator	publisher	Konami
Capcom World 2	publisher	Capcom
Rise of the Ogre	publisher	18
Inca	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Kredu min, sinjorino!	publisher	1
White Album	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Saltego trans Jarmiloj	publisher	1
Conan of the Isles	publisher	Lancer Books
Advanced Functional Materials	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Black Hood Comics	publisher	MLJ Magazines Inc
A-18	publisher	Electronic Arts
Black Hole	publisher	Tokyo Denshi Sekkei
Black Panther	publisher	Konami
AAACN Viewpoint	publisher	American Academy of Ambulatory Care Nursing
Legion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wolf Brother	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Conan the Avenger	publisher	Lancer Books
Daytona USA 2001	publisher	Sega
Daytona USA 2001	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Daytona USA 2001	publisher	Infogrames
Blade Master	publisher	Irem
Dead Boys	publisher	HarperCollins
Seemanto-heera	publisher	P.C. Sorkar and Sons also anthologized by Ananda Publishers
Synlett	publisher	Georg Thieme Verlag KG
The Little House	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Bust a Groove 2	publisher	Enix
The Gods of Pegāna	publisher	Elkin Mathews, 1905, Pegana Press, 1911
European Journal of Organic Chemistry	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Sagħtar	publisher	Moviment Qawmien Letterarju
Sagħtar	publisher	Malta Union of Teachers
Atomic Punk	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dorothy	publisher	Illusive Arts Entertainment, LLC
Genus Homo	publisher	Fantasy Press
Kerberos Saga Rainy Dogs	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Return of Conan	publisher	Gnome Press
Staying On	publisher	Heinemann
Die Welt des Islams	publisher	Brill Publishers
Saint Ronan's Well	publisher	Archibald Constable and Co.
Witch Wood	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Island of Sheep	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Blasted	publisher	Bally Midway
Some Buried Caesar	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Terrormolinos	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
The Journal of Religion	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Dice Man	publisher	Fleetway
Palace Walk	publisher	Anchor Press
Burn Cycle	publisher	Philips Interactive Media
What Witches Do	publisher	Coward, McCann and Geoghegan
Captain Quazar	publisher	3
NASCAR Legends	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Having a Great Birth in Australia	publisher	Australian College of Midwives
The Gatekeepers	publisher	Penguin Group
Metal Wolf Chaos	publisher	FromSoftware
The Tangle Box	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Black Unicorn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Magic Kingdom for Sale–Sold!	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Talismans of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Elf Queen of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Druid of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Knight of the Word	publisher	Del Rey Books
Running with the Demon	publisher	Del Rey Books
Angel Fire East	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Three Impostors	publisher	John Lane
Soldiers of Salamis	publisher	Tusquets
Why Is Sex Fun%3F	publisher	Basic Books
Ghost Slayers Ayashi	publisher	Square Enix
Conan of Aquilonia	publisher	Ace Books
Fossil Hunter	publisher	Ace Books
Knightmare III: Shalom	publisher	Konami
Le Mans 24	publisher	Sega
Sunshine	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
The King of Fighters XII	publisher	SNK Playmore
The King of Fighters XII	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Science-Fiction Handbook	publisher	Hermitage House
NHL Eastside Hockey Manager 2007	publisher	Sega
The Witcher	publisher	Atari
Conan of Cimmeria	publisher	Lancer Books
Unsere zeit	publisher	German Communist Party
PLOS Pathogens	publisher	Public Library of Science
A Glass of Blessings	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Touch Not the Cat	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Blue Ribbon Comics	publisher	MLJ Comics
Blue Ribbon Comics	publisher	Red Circle Comics
Blue Ribbon Comics	publisher	Archie Comics
Champagne for One	publisher	Viking Press
Special Topics in Calamity Physics	publisher	Viking Press
The Canon of Judo	publisher	Kodansha International
The Invasion	publisher	Scholastic Press
PLOS ONE	publisher	Public Library of Science
Time Lord	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Cults in Our Midst	publisher	Jossey-Bass
Conan the Warrior	publisher	Lancer Books
Witches' Brew	publisher	Del Rey Books
Wizard at Large	publisher	Del Rey Books
Both Sides of Time	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers
Prisoner of Time	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers
The Protector's War	publisher	Roc Books
Not the End of the World	publisher	Little Brown, London
Bet on the Saint	publisher	NA
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure	publisher	Sega
Boogiepop Dual: Losers' Circus	publisher	MediaWorks
The Overachievers	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Conan the Adventurer	publisher	Lancer Books
Conan the Freebooter	publisher	Lancer Books
Conan	publisher	Lancer Books
The Visitor	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Season of the Witch	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Encounter	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Android	publisher	Scholastic Press
Muppets Party Cruise	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Mr. Driller: Drill Land	publisher	Namco
Mutsu Tonohohon	publisher	Tomy
The Unlikely Spy	publisher	Villard
Cold Fire	publisher	Scholastic Press
Wayfarer Redemption	publisher	HarperCollins
Wayfarer Redemption	publisher	HarperCollinsPublishers
Micro Machines	publisher	Camerica
Micro Machines	publisher	Codemasters
Micro Machines	publisher	Ocean Software
Micro Machines	publisher	Infogrames
Micro Machines	publisher	PlayStation, Microsoft Windows & Nintendo 64
Micro Machines	publisher	Game Boy Color
Micro Machines	publisher	THQ
Micro Machines	publisher	Codemasters
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid	publisher	Broadway Books
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid	publisher	DoubledayThe audiobook version of this novel is also published by Doubleday Audiobooks.
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Dragon Zakura	publisher	Kodansha
Soft Matter	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Journal of Materials Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
The Clan Corporate	publisher	Tor Books
The Hidden Family	publisher	Tor Books
Imperium	publisher	Hutchinson
Bushido	publisher	Phoenix Games
The Athenian Murders	publisher	Abacus
Original War	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Flipped	publisher	Random House
Acta Mathematica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of Mittag-Leffler Institute
Ohenro-San	publisher	PIN Change
UFC: Throwdown	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Conan the Usurper	publisher	Lancer Books
Down in the Dumps	publisher	Philips Media
The Solar Anus	publisher	Editions de la Galerie Simon
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures	publisher	Palladium Books
Mutants in Avalon	publisher	Palladium Books
Conan the Wanderer	publisher	Lancer Books
Space Giraffe	publisher	Llamasoft
The Power of the Dog	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ambermoon	publisher	Thalion Software
Amnios	publisher	SCE Studio Liverpool
Antago	publisher	Art of Dreams
All Winners Comics	publisher	Timely Comics
Atomino	publisher	Psygnosis
Arya Vaiv	publisher	Dongleware Verlags GmbH
Curse of the Viking Grave	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Curse of the Viking Grave	publisher	Little, Brown & Co
Goldmine	publisher	F+W Media
The Greening of America	publisher	Random House
Squire	publisher	Random House
Koko	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Dawkins' God	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Bloodstone: An Epic Dwarven Tale	publisher	Mindcraft Software, Inc.
A Suitable Boy	publisher	HarperCollins
A Suitable Boy	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
A Suitable Boy	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Transformers	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Transformers	publisher	Marvel UK
Transformers: Generation One	publisher	Dreamwave Productions
Mikie	publisher	Konami ,
Mikie	publisher	Imagine Software
Genius Loci	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Conan the Buccaneer	publisher	Lancer Books
Micro Mouse Goes Debugging	publisher	MC Lothlorien
I Am Alive	publisher	Ubisoft
The Silver Kiss	publisher	Dell Publishing
NCAA Football 2004	publisher	EA Sports
NCAA College Basketball 2K3	publisher	Sega
NBA Courtside 2002	publisher	Nintendo
NCAA College Football 2K3	publisher	SEGA
Compu-Read	publisher	Edu-Ware
How to Be Popular	publisher	HarperCollins
A Land Remembered	publisher	Pineapple Press
K9.5: The Tail-Wag Tour	publisher	The Lightspan Partnership, Inc.
TwinBee 3: Poko Poko Daimaō	publisher	Konami
Pop'n TwinBee	publisher	Konami
Pop'n TwinBee: Rainbow Bell Adventures	publisher	Konami
TwinBee RPG	publisher	Konami
Magik	publisher	Marvel Comics
Detana!! TwinBee	publisher	Konami
Calamity Adventure 2: People and Traditions	publisher	The Lightspan Partnership, Inc.
Conan the Swordsman	publisher	Bantam Books
TwinBee Yahho!	publisher	Konami
Tales of Conan	publisher	Gnome Press
Green Lantern: Mosaic	publisher	DC Comics
Ankh: The Tales of Mystery	publisher	Acorn Computer Enterprises
Ankh: The Tales of Mystery	publisher	Koala Soft
Ankh: The Tales of Mystery	publisher	R-Comp Interactive
Jocky Wilson's Darts Challenge	publisher	Zeppelin Games
Police Comics	publisher	Quality Comics
The Sunlight Dialogues	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Teen Idol	publisher	HarperCollins
Molecular BioSystems	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
The Wish	publisher	HarperCollins
The Mechanics' Institute Review	publisher	Birkbeck, University of London
The Little Kingdom	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Compu-Math series	publisher	Edu-Ware
Space	publisher	Edu-Ware
Most Beloved Sister	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Pitfall: The Lost Expedition	publisher	Activision
Pitfall: The Lost Expedition	publisher	Aspyr
Neighbours from Hell	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Neighbours from Hell	publisher	Encore Software
NFL QB Club 2002	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Terrorist	publisher	Edu-Ware
Hothouses	publisher	Vanier
The Mark of Kri	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
NHL 2K3	publisher	Sega
Sarek	publisher	Pocket Books
Windfall: The Oil Crisis Game	publisher	Edu-Ware
Ankh: Heart of Osiris	publisher	BHV Software
Cool Boarders 3	publisher	989
Classic Empire	publisher	Interstel
Classic Empire	publisher	New World Computing
Classic Empire	publisher	Killer Bee Software
Athena-Artemis	publisher	[Helsinki] Kirja kerrallaan
The Way We Talk Now	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
In the Eyes of Mr. Fury	publisher	Penguin Books
Secret Files: Tunguska	publisher	Deep Silver
Earthrise	publisher	Interstel
Bleach: Dark Souls	publisher	Sega
New Journal of Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry on behalf of the French National Centre for Scientific Research
The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Contemporary Political Theory	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Mystery at the Moss-Covered Mansion	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue in the Jewel Box	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Relative Heroes	publisher	DC Comics
The Secret in the Old Attic	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue in the Crumbling Wall	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of the Tolling Bell	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue in the Old Album	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Ghost of Blackwood Hall	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Leaning Chimney	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Maximum City	publisher	Penguin
The Secret of the Wooden Lady	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Black Keys	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery at the Ski Jump	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Scarlet Slipper Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Ringmaster's Secret	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Hidden Window Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret of the Golden Pavilion	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Witch Tree Symbol	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Dancing Puppet	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Photochemical and Photobiological Sciences	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
The Moonstone Castle Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Phantom of Pine Hill	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue of the Whistling Bagpipes	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mystery of the 99 Steps	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Crooked Banister	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
European Journal of Political Theory	publisher	Sage Publications
The Spider Sapphire Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Invisible Intruder	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mysterious Mannequin	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Red Skies Over Europe	publisher	Akella
Blood Done Sign My Name	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Beat Generation	publisher	Oneworld Classics/ Da Capo Press
Factotum	publisher	Black Sparrow Press
Early Edu-Ware products	publisher	Edu-Ware
Sexual Politics	publisher	Doubleday and Co., 1970
Sexual Politics	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis, 1971
Sexual Politics	publisher	Virago, 1977
Sexual Politics	publisher	University of Illinois Press, 2000
The Jerusalem Times	publisher	Hana Siniora
Doctor Pong	publisher	Atari
Mosaic: Tomb of Mystery	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Swarm	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Terminator 3: The Redemption	publisher	Atari
Time for Yesterday	publisher	Pocket Books
Major Stryker	publisher	Apogee Software
Math Blaster Episode I: In Search of Spot	publisher	Davidson & Associates
The Double Jinx Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
A Spot of Bother	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A Spot of Bother	publisher	Doubleday
Project Gotham Racing 4	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
My Life	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Dance Factory	publisher	Codemasters
Faces of Fear	publisher	Berkley Books
Short Trips: Time Signature	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Animamundi: Dark Alchemist	publisher	Hirameki
The Strange Message in the Parchment	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Mystery of Crocodile Island	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Mystery of the Glowing Eye	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Thirteenth Pearl	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Wolfen	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Strange Case of Peter the Lett	publisher	Fayard
The Sky Phantom	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Secret of the Forgotten City	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Bengal Nights	publisher	Cultura naţională
To Quebec and the Stars	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Hyperball Racing	publisher	Gabitasoft Entertainment
The Incorporated Knight	publisher	Phantasia Press
Beauty Pop	publisher	Shogakukan
Saveur	publisher	Bonnier Corporation
Fiction	publisher	City College of New York
Fast Food Franchise	publisher	TimJim Games
Fast Food Franchise	publisher	Prism Games
Wait for Me: Rediscovering the Joy of Purity in Romance	publisher	Nelson Books
Toxic Grind	publisher	THQ
Fear Agent	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Fear Agent	publisher	Image Comics
Camelot 3000	publisher	DC Comics
Spy Hunter: Nowhere to Run	publisher	Midway Games
The Red King and the Witch: Gypsy Folk and Fairy Tales	publisher	OUP  Roy
The Musical Quarterly	publisher	Oxford University Press
Beast Wars: Transformers	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Beast Wars: Transformers	publisher	Takara
The Pixilated Peeress	publisher	Del Rey Books
Transformers	publisher	Takara
Transformers: The Battle to Save the Earth	publisher	Activision
Rolling	publisher	SCi
Rolling	publisher	Rage Software
Rolling	publisher	Majesco
A Pocket for Corduroy	publisher	Viking Press
Barry McGuigan World Championship Boxing	publisher	Activision
Barry McGuigan World Championship Boxing	publisher	Mastertronic
Potty Painter	publisher	Rabbit Software
Nightrise	publisher	Walker Books
In the Shadow of No Towers	publisher	Viking Press
Anvil of Dawn	publisher	New World Computing
Dune	publisher	Five Rings Publishing Group
Dune	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
That's Not What I Meant!	publisher	Ballantine Books
Deep Six	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Cyclops	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Treasure	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pacific Vortex!	publisher	Bantam Books
Der Giftpilz	publisher	Julius Streicher
Code Geass	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shazam: First Thunder	publisher	DC Comics
Werner Erhard	publisher	Clarkson Potter
Flood Tide	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Atmospheric Research	publisher	Elsevier
The Lost Prince	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Lost Prince	publisher	Century Co.
Castles	publisher	Interplay Productions
Black Skin, White Masks	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Black Skin, White Masks	publisher	Grove Press
As Simple as Snow	publisher	Putnam’s
Sebastian	publisher	Roc Books
Sagas of Conan	publisher	Tor Books
Star Guard	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & Company
Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine	publisher	Himalaya Studios
Mr. Darcy's Daughters	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hills End	publisher	Angus & Robertson, Sydney
Saint Genet	publisher	Librairie Gallimard
Wasteland	publisher	Oni Press
Full House Kiss	publisher	Hakusensha
Houkago no Love Beat	publisher	D3 Publisher
Sakuran	publisher	Kodansha
The Hallo-Wiener	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Comfort Food	publisher	Old Meadow Publishers
Dolphin Island	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Dolphin Island	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Nickelodeon Party Blast	publisher	Infogrames
Battle Royale	publisher	Akita Shoten
Piglet's Big Game	publisher	*
Piglet's Big Game	publisher	Gotham Games
Piglet's Big Game	publisher	*Disney Interactive Studios,
Piglet's Big Game	publisher	THQ
Overlord	publisher	Codemasters
23 Years	publisher	Mazda Pub
The Virgin of Zesh	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Australian Railway History	publisher	Australian Railway Historical Society
More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter	publisher	Longman
The Death of Achilles	publisher	Zakharov
The Death of Achilles	publisher	Random House
The Garin Death Ray	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Garin Death Ray	publisher	Foreign Language
Daily Racing Form	publisher	Steven Crist
Hadon of Ancient Opar	publisher	DAW Books
Breakfast at Tiffany's	publisher	Random House
The Message	publisher	Scholastic Press
First Blood	publisher	M. Evans
The Sea Devil's Eye	publisher	TSR, Inc.
04	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Rings of Saturn	publisher	Eichborn
General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute	publisher	Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute
General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute	publisher	Zagreb
Armed Forces Journal	publisher	Michael Reinstein
Federal Times	publisher	Michael Reinstein
The Lost Stradivarius	publisher	William Blackwood
Air Force Times	publisher	Michael Reinstein
Army Times	publisher	Michael Reinstein
Marine Corps Times	publisher	Michael Reinstein
Next	publisher	HarperCollins
Ordinary People	publisher	Viking Press
Raising Hell	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pinball Hall of Fame: The Gottlieb Collection	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Pinball Hall of Fame: The Gottlieb Collection	publisher	Studio 3
The Polar Express	publisher	THQ
Pool Edge	publisher	Media Kite
Valhalla: Before the War	publisher	Vulcan Software
Jonnikin and the Flying Basket: French Folk and Fairy Tales	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Black Powder War	publisher	Del Rey Books
Black Powder War	publisher	HarperCollins
Movies in Fifteen Minutes	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Bone Doll's Twin	publisher	Voyager Books
The Ultimate Solution	publisher	Warner Paperback Library
Love Junkies	publisher	Akita Shoten
RadCom	publisher	Radio Society of Great Britain
Bunny Lake Is Missing	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Bunny Lake Is Missing	publisher	Secker and Warburg
The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie	publisher	Fourth Estate
Psycho House	publisher	Tor Books
The Predator	publisher	Scholastic Press
Psychology of Addictive Behaviors	publisher	American Psychological Association
Broadsides	publisher	Strategic Simulations
The Capture	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Bolton News	publisher	Newsquest
Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits	publisher	Algonquin Books
Battlefield Earth	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings	publisher	Square Enix
Clash of Steel	publisher	Strategic Simulations
DJMax Portable	publisher	Pentavision
The Making of Robert E. Lee	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Young Men and Fire	publisher	University Of Chicago Press
The Nature of Rationality	publisher	Princeton University Press
Invariances	publisher	Belknap Press of Harvard University Press
A Kind of Loving	publisher	Michael Joseph
A Kid for Two Farthings	publisher	André Deutsch
Knight Life	publisher	Ace Books
The Virgin of Zesh & The Tower of Zanid	publisher	Ace Books
Two Hearts	publisher	F&SF
Moero TwinBee: Cinnamon-hakase o Sukue!	publisher	Konami
Mirror, Mirror	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hidden Warrior	publisher	Voyager Books
The Lady of the Sorrows	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia Pty Ltd
Heroes of Mana	publisher	Square Enix
Breed	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
The World Ends with You	publisher	Square Enix
Rashmirathi	publisher	Lok Bharti Prakashan, Allahabad
Palace of Magic	publisher	Superior Software
The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide	publisher	Broken Ankle Books
The Pure Weight of the Heart	publisher	Phoenix, Orion Publishing Group, London
Economics and Human Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Egyptian Archaeology	publisher	Egypt Exploration Society
Midway Arcade Treasures: Extended Play	publisher	Midway Games
Midway Arcade Treasures: Extended Play	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Network	publisher	Edu-Ware
1945	publisher	Baen Books
War Trash	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Dark Wind	publisher	Harper & Row
The Sound of His Horn	publisher	Peter Davies Ltd
Compu-Spell	publisher	Edu-Ware
The Tribune	publisher	Tom Cullinan
Triggerheart Exelica	publisher	Sega
Triggerheart Exelica	publisher	Warashi
Triggerheart Exelica	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Triggerheart Exelica	publisher	Alchemist
Godaan	publisher	Lokamaya Press
Prefaces	publisher	Princeton University Press 1977
Nomad	publisher	GameTek
The Early Admissions Game	publisher	Harvard University Press
Marco's Millions	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
New Moon	publisher	Little, Brown
ISTOÉ	publisher	Editora Três
Celestial Matters	publisher	Tor Books
Deryni Rising	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Treasure of Tranicos	publisher	Ace Books
Deryni Checkmate	publisher	Ballantine Books
Deryni Checkmate	publisher	Ace Books
Cameo Murders	publisher	Bluecoat Press
The Great Controversy	publisher	James White
The Stranger	publisher	Scholastic Press
Halley's Comet	publisher	Sega
War on Terror	publisher	TerrorBull Games
Body Blows	publisher	Team17
The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science	publisher	Basic Books
Socialist Studies Bulletin	publisher	Society for Socialist Studies
Savage 2: A Tortured Soul	publisher	S2 Games
The Genocides	publisher	Berkley Books
Jurgen, A Comedy of Justice	publisher	Robert M. McBride
The Goblin Wood	publisher	HarperCollins
Lost Eden	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Forging the Sword	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Miss Viola Swamp	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Summer	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Pro Rally 2002	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Fathom Five	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Endless Ocean	publisher	Nintendo
Pro Evolution Soccer 6	publisher	Konami
Meet the Austins	publisher	Vanguard Press
Meet the Austins	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Moral Disorder	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
With Great Power...	publisher	Incarnadine Press
Wii Play	publisher	Nintendo
Duma Key	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz	publisher	André Deutsch
The Transformers	publisher	IDW Publishing
Thrasher Presents Skate and Destroy	publisher	Rockstar Games
Thrasher Presents Skate and Destroy	publisher	UEP Systems
The White People	publisher	J & W Horlick's
The White People	publisher	Grant Richards
Superman's Metropolis	publisher	DC Comics
The Flame Knife	publisher	Ace Books
Férias Frustradas do Pica-Pau	publisher	Tectoy
Door Door	publisher	Enix
Sixth Grade Secrets	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Pharaoh's Tomb	publisher	Apogee Software
Arctic Adventure	publisher	Apogee Software
The Oxford Times	publisher	Newsquest
Far Cry Vengeance	publisher	Ubisoft
Letter to a Child Never Born	publisher	Simon and Schuster
The Great Gilly Hopkins	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Pulstar	publisher	SNK
Chrysanthemum	publisher	Greenwillow Books
The Devil in the White City	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Brightness Reef	publisher	Bantam Books
Pirate Ship Higemaru	publisher	Capcom
Lunch of Blood	publisher	Random House
High Deryni	publisher	Ballantine Books
Live and Let Die	publisher	Jonathan Cape
I Loved Tiberius	publisher	Methuen Publishing
I Loved Tiberius	publisher	Pantheon Books
Magic Steps	publisher	Scholastic Press
Legacy of the Ancients	publisher	Electronic Arts
Xenophage: Alien Bloodsport	publisher	Apogee Software
TV Choice	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
The Glass Man and the Golden Bird	publisher	OUP
The Glass Man and the Golden Bird	publisher	Roy
Ticktock	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
Sword of Legendia	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique	publisher	Invisible Cities Press
Gianni and the Ogre	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Gianni and the Ogre	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Singapore: The Encyclopedia	publisher	Editions Didier Millet
Impossible Mission 2025	publisher	MicroProse
The Alien	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Witches of Worm	publisher	Atheneum Books
Nightlife	publisher	Stellar Games
Math Rescue	publisher	Apogee Software
The Horn of Mortal Danger	publisher	Walker Books
Puzzle Pirates	publisher	Three Rings Design
Puzzle Pirates	publisher	Ubisoft
The Conan Chronicles 2	publisher	Orbit Books
The Conan Chronicles	publisher	Sphere Books
Song in the Silence	publisher	Tor Fantasy
Sangokushi Taisen	publisher	Sega
Analyst	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Tales from the Expat Harem	publisher	Seal Press
Tales from the Expat Harem	publisher	Doğan Kitap
World Literature Today	publisher	University of Oklahoma
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Origin	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Children of Húrin	publisher	*
The Children of Húrin	publisher	HarperCollins
The Children of Húrin	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Wrong about Japan	publisher	Random House
Wrong about Japan	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Wrong about Japan	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Black Prince	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Brian Lara Cricket '96	publisher	Codemasters
RS3: Racing Simulation 3	publisher	Ubi Soft
RedCard 20-03	publisher	Midway Games
Distillation Design	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Rei Fighter Gekitsui Senki	publisher	Global A Entertainment
The Reluctant King	publisher	Doubleday
The Reluctant Fundamentalist	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Reluctant Fundamentalist	publisher	Harcourt
The Reluctant Fundamentalist	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Child Garden	publisher	Unwin Hyman
The Child Garden	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Bad World	publisher	Avatar Press
Martindale: The Complete Drug Reference	publisher	www.pharmpress.com
Math Blaster Episode II: Secret of the Lost City	publisher	Davidson & Associates
Moth Smoke	publisher	Granta
Moth Smoke	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Return of Tarzan	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Camber of Culdi	publisher	Ballantine Books
Optics Letters	publisher	Optical Society of America
Psycho II	publisher	Whispers Press
Applied Optics	publisher	The Optical Society
Optics Express	publisher	Optical Society
Frostburn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Robert Bloch's Psychos	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning	publisher	André Deutsch
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning	publisher	Atheneum Publishers
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning	publisher	David R. Godine, Publisher
Casino Empire	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Top Skater	publisher	Sega
The Secret River	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Flight to Opar	publisher	DAW Books
The Transsexual Empire	publisher	Beacon Press
The Consumer's Guide to Effective Environmental Choices: Practical Advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists	publisher	Three Rivers Press
A Tree Is Nice	publisher	Harper and Brothers
Reign of Fire	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
RoadKill	publisher	Midway Games
Charlton Bullseye	publisher	CPL Gang
Robots	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Robots	publisher	Fox Interactive
Robots	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Rocky	publisher	Rage Software, Ubisoft in USA.
Rugrats: Royal Ransom	publisher	THQ
Eight Habits of the Heart: Embracing the Values that Build Strong Communities	publisher	Penguin
Erik the Viking	publisher	Mosaic Publishing
The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's	publisher	Religious Tract Society, London
Hardboiled & Hard Luck	publisher	Grove Press
Burra Charter	publisher	Australia/ICOMOS Peter Marquis-Kyle
Oracle's Queen	publisher	Voyager Books
Maximum Force	publisher	Midway Games
Coji-Coji	publisher	Sony Magazines
Primortals	publisher	Tekno Comix
Primortals	publisher	Big Entertainment
Heroes of Annihilated Empires	publisher	GSC World Publishing
Infinite Undiscovery	publisher	Square Enix
Daja's Book	publisher	Scholastic Press
Ninja Gaiden Sigma	publisher	Tecmo
Canmore Leader	publisher	Shawn Cornell
Banff Crag & Canyon	publisher	Shawn Cornell
Paper Doll	publisher	GP Putnam's Sons
Time of Wonder	publisher	Viking Press
Samurai Jack: The Shadow of Aku	publisher	Sega
Snakes in Suits	publisher	HarperBusiness
Dual Orb II	publisher	I'Max Corp.
White Knight Chronicles	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Secret	publisher	Scholastic Press
Computer Music Journal	publisher	MIT Press
Dark Ages	publisher	3D Realms
Realms of Chaos	publisher	Apogee Software
Wizards at War	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Saint Camber	publisher	Del Rey Books
Queen Bees and Wannabes	publisher	Three Rivers Press
How to Make Money Like a Porn Star	publisher	ReganBooks
How to Make Money Like a Porn Star	publisher	HarperCollins
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Communists	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
I Put a Spell on You	publisher	Pantheon, New York. Reprint edition: Da Capo Press
Resurrection Day	publisher	Jove
Specials	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pretties	publisher	Simon Pulse
The Penguins of Doom	publisher	Blooming Tree Press
Samakalika Malayalam Vaarika	publisher	The New Indian Express Group
The Love Machine	publisher	Simon & Schuster
My Opposition	publisher	Justus Liebig University, Giessen, Germany
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction	publisher	Ubisoft
Mimi and Toutou Go Forth	publisher	Penguin Group
The Great Unraveling	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The God Who Is There	publisher	InterVarsity Press
The Bighead	publisher	Overlook Connection Press
Blood and Guts in High School	publisher	Grove Press
Horowitz Horror	publisher	Orchard Books
Weekender	publisher	Westcountry Publications
Hyper-Actives	publisher	Alias Enterprises
Tarzan and the Ant Men	publisher	A. C. McClurg
The Mask of Apollo	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co, London; Pantheon, New York
Victory	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Victory	publisher	Doubleday
Green Thumb	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Falls	publisher	Ecco Press
Journal of Palestine Studies	publisher	University of California Press
Jo's Boys	publisher	Roberts Brothers
Rent-A-Hero	publisher	Sega
Mega Man Star Force	publisher	CoroCoro Comic
Mega Man Star Force	publisher	Shogakukan
Girl Genius: The Works	publisher	Cheapass Games
Eternal Sonata	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Rescue	publisher	J. M. Dent
The Adventures of Freddy Lombard	publisher	Magic Strip
The Adventures of Freddy Lombard	publisher	Les Humanoïdes Associés
Star Wars Trilogy Arcade	publisher	Sega
Shaman's Tears	publisher	Image Comics
Sky Ape	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics, then AiT/PlanetLar
Crash Ryan	publisher	Epic Comics
Six from Sirius	publisher	Epic Comics
Urth 4	publisher	Continuity Comics
Batgirl: Year One	publisher	DC Comics
Ridge Racer 2	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Nightmare in Pink	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Fire Tripper	publisher	Shogakukan
Salt	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Tomb Raider: The Action Adventure	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tomb Raider: The Action Adventure	publisher	Bright Entertainment
The Lake of Tears	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Forests of Silence	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Cosmic Smash	publisher	Sega
Ethan Brand	publisher	Ticknor, Reed & Fields
Star General	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07	publisher	Electronic Arts
A Body in the Bath House	publisher	Century
Enchanted Boy	publisher	GMP Publishers
The Egg Tree	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Wacko	publisher	Bally Midway
Dimsie Goes to School	publisher	Oxford University Press
Caps for Sale	publisher	W. R. Scott
Outlaw Nation	publisher	Vertigo Comics
The Fallible Fiend	publisher	Signet Books
Dimsie Moves Up	publisher	Oxford University Press
Gradisil	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Kill the Messenger	publisher	Bantam Books
Battle Girl	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Three Christs of Ypsilanti	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Carved Lions	publisher	Macmillan and Company, London
Doctor De Soto	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Pirate	publisher	Constable and Co.
Orthopaedic Nursing	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Incredibles	publisher	THQ
The Incredibles	publisher	Disney Mobile Studios
Father of Lies	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
Preserve and Protect	publisher	Doubleday
The Transall Saga	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell Books for young readers a division of Random House Inc.
Loaded	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Journal of Orthopaedic Nursing	publisher	Elsevier
An Instinct for the Kill	publisher	HarperCollins Australia
Decline and Fall of the American Programmer	publisher	Prentice Hall
Camber the Heretic	publisher	Del Rey Books
Fortune's Favourites	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Fortune's Favourites	publisher	Century
Tempo	publisher	Politika AD
Panzer Elite Action: Fields of Glory	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
The Bishop's Heir	publisher	Del Rey Books
Peony	publisher	John Day Company
The Toyminator	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
In the Line of Fire: A Memoir	publisher	Free Press
International Journal of Surgery	publisher	Elsevier
Tome of Battle: The Book of Nine Swords	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Imhotep	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Martianoids	publisher	Ultimate Play The Game
Bridge of Souls	publisher	Voyager Books
Myrren's Gift	publisher	Voyager Books
Savage Inequalities	publisher	Harper Perennial
The Runestaff	publisher	Lancer Books
La Terre	publisher	Charpentier
Traitor's Purse	publisher	Heinemann
Ishmael	publisher	Pocket Books
The Sherwood Ring	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Backyard Soccer	publisher	Infogrames
The Red Peri	publisher	Street & Smith
Twilight	publisher	DC Comics
Vampire Rain	publisher	AQ Interactive
Vampire Rain	publisher	(Xbox 360)
Vampire Rain	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Vampire Rain	publisher	(PlayStation 3)
Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Imperial Woman	publisher	John Day Company
Import Tuner Challenge	publisher	Ubisoft
L.A. Noire	publisher	Rockstar Games
Cabela's Alaskan Adventures	publisher	Activision
Furies of Calderon	publisher	Ace Books
When Darkness Falls	publisher	New York; Tor Books
M×0	publisher	Shueisha
Neuro: Supernatural Detective	publisher	Shueisha
Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bulls vs. Blazers and the NBA Playoffs	publisher	Electronic Arts
NBA Showdown	publisher	Electronic Arts
The King's Justice	publisher	Del Rey Books
Amaryllis Night and Day	publisher	Bloomsbury
Tomb Raider: The Prophecy	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tomb Raider: The Prophecy	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
A Woman of Substance	publisher	Doubleday
Team USA Basketball	publisher	Electronic Arts
Let It Come Down	publisher	Random House
Let It Come Down	publisher	John Lehmann
The Stones of Summer	publisher	Bobbs Merrill
Byte Beautiful: Eight Science Fiction Stories	publisher	Doubleday
Tidal Moon	publisher	Thrilling Publications
Stronghold Legends	publisher	2
Whittington	publisher	Random House
Yale Journal of Law and Technology	publisher	Yale Law School
Smashing Drive	publisher	Gaelco
Smashing Drive	publisher	Namco
Smashing Drive	publisher	Zoo
Shrek Super Party	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Femina	publisher	The Times Group
Scorpions	publisher	Amistad
A Very Private Life	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Scientific Monthly	publisher	James McKeen Cattell
Vinland	publisher	John Murray
Vinland	publisher	Polygon
Eucalyptus	publisher	Text Publishing
Ostracon	publisher	Egyptian Study Society
NASCAR SimRacing	publisher	EA Sports
Conviction	publisher	Random House
Journey to the Planets	publisher	JV Software, Inc.
Journey to the Planets	publisher	Roklan Software
The Bull from the Sea	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Bull from the Sea	publisher	Longmans
Fun Fun Factory	publisher	Hakusensha
Conquest of the New World	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Rise of a Hero	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Eternity's Child	publisher	Alten8
Eternity's Child	publisher	Silver Sphere Studios
Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts & Bolts	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Special Jinsei Game	publisher	Takara
The Last Summer of Reason	publisher	Ruminator Press
Speed Challenge: Jacques Villeneuve's Racing Vision	publisher	Ubisoft
Starsky & Hutch	publisher	Empire Interactive
Love Medicine	publisher	Holt, Rinehart, and Winston
Love Medicine	publisher	HarperCollins
How Much for Just the Planet%3F	publisher	Pocket Books
Sender Unknown	publisher	Lion Stone Publishing
Cash Guns Chaos	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
The Goose-Step	publisher	Self
The Purcell Papers	publisher	Richard Bentley
Suika	publisher	Paradigm
European Journal of Palliative Care	publisher	Hayward Medical Communications
Journey to the River Sea	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Journey to the River Sea	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Digimon Battle Online	publisher	movegames, Bandai, CDC Games
Street Hoops	publisher	Activision
Strike Force Bowling	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Strike Force Bowling	publisher	Enlight Software
Super Bubble Pop	publisher	Jaleco
Super Bubble Pop	publisher	eGames
Swingerz Golf	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Muscle Champion: Kinnikutō Kessen	publisher	Konami
Electric Brae	publisher	Faber & Faber
SX Superstar	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Martial Champion	publisher	Konami
World Series of Poker	publisher	Activision
Fledgling	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Exteel	publisher	NCSOFT
Sticky	publisher	Bruno Gmünder Verlag
Pajama Sam 3: You Are What You Eat from Your Head to Your Feet	publisher	Runecraft
Sacred Hunger	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Hungry Hill	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Hungry Hill	publisher	Doubleday
The Flag	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Sun Doctor	publisher	Chatto & Windus
A Card from Morocco	publisher	Chatto & Windus
A Card from Morocco	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Hollywood Wives	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Wise Men	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wild Rock	publisher	Biblos
Wild Rock	publisher	Libre Publishing
Emit	publisher	Koei
Draconian Measures	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Conan Reader	publisher	Mirage Press
State of Denial	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Magic	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Machine's Child	publisher	Tor Books
Shelf Life	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Kero Kero Chime	publisher	Shueisha
Wolves Eat Dogs	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wolves Eat Dogs	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Journal of High Energy Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Scuola Internazionale Superiore di Studi Avanzati
Uncle Silas	publisher	Dublin University Magazine
Uncle Silas	publisher	Richard Bentley
The Hound of Shadow	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Phoenix	publisher	HarperCollins
Fields of Glory	publisher	MicroProse
Plain Tales from the Hills	publisher	Thacker, Spink and Company, Calcutta
The Conan Swordbook	publisher	Mirage Press
The Landry News	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Things Not Seen	publisher	Philomel Books
Things Not Seen	publisher	Puffin Books
The Conan Grimoire	publisher	Mirage Press
I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today!	publisher	Random House
Innocent Until Caught	publisher	Psygnosis
New Men	publisher	Image Comics
Skylark	publisher	Harper & Row
A General History of the Pyrates	publisher	Charles Rivington
A General History of the Pyrates	publisher	J. Lacy, and J. Stone
Smoky Night	publisher	Harcourt Education
Janissaries	publisher	Ace Books
Systems of Survival	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Shadowplay	publisher	DAW Books
Shadowplay	publisher	Orbit Books
Mouse Soup	publisher	Harper & Row
Xpand Rally	publisher	Deep Silver
Xpand Rally	publisher	Techland
Xpand Rally	publisher	TopWare
Private Peaceful	publisher	HarperCollins
Janissaries II: Clan and Crown	publisher	Ace Books
Janissaries III: Storms of Victory	publisher	Ace Books
Rescue	publisher	Mastertronic
The Lottie Project	publisher	Doubleday
Rite: Short Work	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Ghost Map	publisher	Riverhead
Only Forward	publisher	HarperCollins
Only Forward	publisher	Bantam
Hamlet's Mill	publisher	Gambit Incorporated ;
Hamlet's Mill	publisher	Harvard University Press
Hamlet's Mill	publisher	David R. Godine, Publisher, Inc.
Larklight	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Red Seas Under Red Skies	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Red Seas Under Red Skies	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Owl Moon	publisher	Philomel Books
Army Men: RTS	publisher	The 3DO Company
Children of Orpheus	publisher	by author
Toons for Our Times	publisher	Little Brown & Co
TotemBall	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things	publisher	Little Brown & Co
A Modern Utopia	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Ten Pin Alley 2	publisher	XS Games
Higurashi Daybreak	publisher	Twilight Frontier
Higurashi Daybreak	publisher	Alchemist
Stormrider	publisher	Orbit Books
The Birds of Africa	publisher	??
Communion	publisher	Avon
MissionForce: CyberStorm	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Blasto	publisher	Gremlin Industries
BlaZeon	publisher	Atlus
Trinity Blood	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Shadow in the North	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Tiger in the Well	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Tin Princess	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cadwallon	publisher	Rackham
The Cone Gatherers	publisher	Macdonald
Diceland	publisher	Cheapass Games
Scarface: Money. Power. Respect.	publisher	Vivendi Universal Games
Before the Law	publisher	1919
The Adding Machine: Collected Essays	publisher	John Calder
Loose Tails	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Blade Runner	publisher	Blue Wind Press
Sam, Bangs and Moonshine	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Natsu no Arashi!	publisher	Square Enix
The Transformers: Headmasters	publisher	Marvel Comics
May I Bring a Friend%3F	publisher	Atheneum Books
Always Room for One More	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Dominions 3: The Awakening	publisher	2006
Taltos	publisher	Ace Books
Phoenix	publisher	Ace Books
Orca	publisher	Ace Books
Dragon	publisher	Tor Books
Issola	publisher	Saint Martin's Press
Death of an Expert Witness	publisher	Faber & Faber
Tak: The Great Juju Challenge	publisher	THQ
The Cat Inside	publisher	Grenfell Press
Ghost of Chance	publisher	Whitney Museum of American Art
Taz: Wanted	publisher	Infogrames
Taz: Wanted	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Wu-Tang Manual	publisher	Riverhead Books
Wringer	publisher	HarperTeen
A Corner of the Universe	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Tortoise Tales	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Sex in Video Games	publisher	Charles River Media
Sten Adventures Book 3: The Court of a Thousand Suns	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Sten Adventures Book 2: The Wolf Worlds	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Danny Phantom: The Ultimate Enemy	publisher	THQ
T'oung Pao	publisher	E. J. Brill
A Thief of Time	publisher	Harper & Row
Darkwitch Rising	publisher	Voyager Books
The Quest for Saint Camber	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sten Adventures Book 4: Fleet of the Damned	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
The Magic Christian	publisher	André Deutsch Ltd
The Magic Christian	publisher	Grove Press
Milo	publisher	Crystalvision Software
Strike Force	publisher	Midway Games
Over My Dead Body	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
The Queen's Fool	publisher	Touchstone Books
How Girls Can Help to Build Up the Empire	publisher	Thomas Nelson and Sons
Gakkou de atta Kowai Hanashi	publisher	Banpresto
Gakkou de atta Kowai Hanashi	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Kentucky Ham	publisher	E.P. Dutton
Tokimeki Memorial Only Love	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Genghis Khan II: Clan of the Gray Wolf	publisher	Koei
Garfield At Large: His First Book	publisher	Ballantine Books
Flying Blind	publisher	New American Library
The Imaginary	publisher	Popular Publications
Endgame	publisher	Seven Stories Press
The Anatomy of Dependence	publisher	Kodansha International
Darius Twin	publisher	Taito
Card football	publisher	SportFX International
Penguin Revolution	publisher	Hakusensha
The Other Log of Phileas Fogg	publisher	Daw Books
Man Descending	publisher	Macmillan of Canada , Bodley Head , Ticknor & Fields
The J Curve: A New Way to Understand Why Nations Rise and Fall	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Devastators	publisher	Konami
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Konami
World Series of Poker: Tournament of Champions	publisher	Activision
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: Battle Nexus	publisher	Konami
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Melee	publisher	Konami
Tensai Bit-Kun: Gramon Battle	publisher	Taito
Black Blood Brothers	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Black Blood Brothers	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A Riddle of Roses	publisher	Second Story Press
Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden	publisher	Shogakukan
Supreme Ruler 2020	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Everyone's A Wally	publisher	Mikro-Gen
Fer-de-Lance	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Infidel: My Life	publisher	Free Press
Races of Destiny	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Human Croquet	publisher	Doubleday
The Sword of Paros	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Sword of Paros	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
CrystEngComm	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Neverwinter Nights: Kingmaker	publisher	Atari
My Present Age	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
San Andreas	publisher	William Collins, Sons
San Andreas	publisher	Doubleday
Zeewolf	publisher	Binary Asylum
Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science	publisher	Cadmus
Ninja Spirit	publisher	Irem
Ninja Spirit	publisher	NEC
China Warrior	publisher	Hudson Soft
China Warrior	publisher	NEC
Madden NFL 97	publisher	EA Sports
Madden Football 64	publisher	EA Sports
John Madden Football II	publisher	Electronic Arts
John Madden Football	publisher	Electronic Arts
John Madden Football	publisher	EA Sports
Ping-Pong Club	publisher	Kodansha
Wolf's Head, Wolf's Heart	publisher	Tor Fantasy
Six Thinking Hats	publisher	Little Brown and Company
WildStorms: The Expandable Super-Hero Card Game	publisher	Wildstorm Productions
The Harrowing of Gwynedd	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ever Since Darwin	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company Incorporated
Peter Pan in Scarlet	publisher	Oxford University Press
Peter Pan in Scarlet	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Summon Night: Swordcraft Story 2	publisher	Banpresto
Summon Night: Swordcraft Story 2	publisher	Atlus
Blazing Lazers	publisher	Hudson Soft, NEC
Just Ella	publisher	Simon & Schuster
That Summer	publisher	Faber & Faber
Getting It	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Kwirk	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Vapor Trail: Hyper Offence Formation	publisher	Data East
Vapor Trail: Hyper Offence Formation	publisher	Telenet Japan / Nippon Telenet
Thirteen Bullets	publisher	www.brokentype.com
Final Blow	publisher	Taito
Unit Operations of Chemical Engineering	publisher	McGraw Hill
American Virgin	publisher	Vertigo
Man in the Holocene	publisher	Mariner Books
To Light a Candle	publisher	Tor Books
Cadence Magazine	publisher	David Haney
Total Distortion	publisher	Pop Rocket
The Return of John MacNab	publisher	Faber & Faber
When They Lay Bare	publisher	Faber & Faber
In Another Light	publisher	Phoenix Press
The Wish Giver	publisher	Harper & Row
Sinner	publisher	HarperCollins
Pilgrim	publisher	HarperCollins
Heatseeker	publisher	Codemasters
RedRobe	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Entity	publisher	Street & Smith
GT Racing	publisher	Imagineer
The Years	publisher	Hogarth Press
King Javan's Year	publisher	Del Rey Books
Revenge of the 'Gator	publisher	HAL Laboratory
The Collected Stories of Vernor Vinge	publisher	Tor Books
Crusader	publisher	HarperCollins
Ketsui: Kizuna Jigoku Tachi	publisher	AMI
Ketsui: Kizuna Jigoku Tachi	publisher	Arika
Ketsui: Kizuna Jigoku Tachi	publisher	5
The Elder Scrolls IV: Knights of the Nine	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Cythera	publisher	Orbit Books
Star Trek: Phaser Strike	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
The Sculptress	publisher	Pan Books
The Runaway Bunny	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Mon Nationalism and Civil War in Burma	publisher	RoutledgeCurzon
X-Men: Children of the Atom	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Dog's Life: The Autobiography of a Stray	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Meanest Doll in the World	publisher	Hyperion Paperbooks for Children
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Checkmate	publisher	Penguin Group
Killer on the Road	publisher	Avon
Perseus and Andromeda	publisher	Digital Fantasia
The Boleyn Inheritance	publisher	Touchstone
Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms	publisher	Random House
Eight Lectures on Yoga	publisher	Ordo Templi Orientis
Quicker Than the Eye	publisher	Avon Books
Ghanada	publisher	Various
The Bastard Prince	publisher	Del Rey Books
Fly Away Peter	publisher	George Braziller
Fly Away Peter	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Princess Diana's Revenge	publisher	Tallis House
Those Who Walk in Darkness	publisher	Delacorte Press
Deathwatch	publisher	Doubleday
The Lincoln Conspiracy	publisher	Sunn Classic Pictures
Melting Stones	publisher	Full Cast Audio
Heroes Chronicles	publisher	The 3DO Company
An Introduction to Old Norse	publisher	Oxford University Press
Beside Still Waters	publisher	William Morrow and Company, Inc.
Avataars: Covenant of the Shield	publisher	Marvel Comics
King Kelson's Bride	publisher	Ace Books
Double Axle	publisher	Taito Corporation
Clade	publisher	Bantam Spectra
JLA: Another Nail	publisher	Elseworlds
Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes	publisher	Norton
Easy Money	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Easy Money	publisher	Somerville Industries Ltd.
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner	publisher	Atlus
The Canadian Entomologist	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of  the Entomological Society of Canada
Australian Playboy	publisher	Emap International Limited
Manchester Slingback	publisher	Picador
Rayman Raving Rabbids	publisher	Ubisoft
Tarzan Alive: A Definitive Biography of Lord Greystoke	publisher	Doubleday
Kaaterskill Falls	publisher	The Dial Press
Undaunted Courage	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Goof Troop	publisher	Capcom
Fraction Fever	publisher	Spinnaker Software
I Have Landed	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Nichane	publisher	Ahmed Benchemsi
Watt	publisher	Olympia Press
The Line of Polity	publisher	Macmillan UK
Polity Agent	publisher	Tor Books
Angel Rock	publisher	HarperCollins
Links 2004	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Lying Stones of Marrakech	publisher	Random House
Kleinzeit	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Spawn	publisher	Konami
Millennia: Altered Destinies	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Girls	publisher	Image Comics
Raiden Fighters	publisher	Fabtek
Raiden Fighters	publisher	The Metrotainment Network
Raiden Fighters	publisher	Tuning Electronic
Raiden Fighters	publisher	DotEmu
Viper Phase 1	publisher	Fabtek
Viper Phase 1	publisher	Tuning Electronic
Marvel Tales	publisher	Atlas Comics
Marvel Tales	publisher	Marvel Comics
Put Out More Flags	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Mercier and Camier	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Mercier and Camier	publisher	Calder Publishing
Mercier and Camier	publisher	Grove Press
Mickey's Safari in Letterland	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
D-Live!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Millionaire	publisher	Incentive Software
The Vivisector	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Valley of Bones	publisher	Heinemann
The Inheritance of Loss	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
The Inheritance of Loss	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Skinner	publisher	Macmillan UK
Van Helsing	publisher	Vivendi
Van Helsing	publisher	Universal Interactive Studios
Wolfskin	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Far Cry 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Because I'm the Goddess	publisher	Wani Books
Monkey magazine	publisher	Dennis Publishing, Ltd.
The Village by the Sea	publisher	Heinemann
Might and Magic Mobile	publisher	Gameloft
Voyage to Faremido	publisher	Corvina Press
Combat Flight Simulator 3: Battle for Europe	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Prisoner's Base	publisher	Viking Press
What Color is Your Parachute%3F	publisher	Ten Speed Press
The Enchanter Completed: A Tribute Anthology for L. Sprague de Camp	publisher	Baen Books
The Constitution of Liberty	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Restoration	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Lupin the 3rd: Treasure of the Sorcerer King	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Lupin the 3rd: Treasure of the Sorcerer King	publisher	505
Choosing Death: The Improbable History of Death Metal & Grindcore	publisher	Decibel Books
The Road	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Top Angler: Real Bass Fishing	publisher	SIMS, Xicat Interactive
Aliens vs. Predator	publisher	Bantam Books
The Moth Diaries	publisher	Counterpoint Press
Al Ittihad Al Ichtiraki	publisher	Socialist Union of Popular Forces
Dragon Ball Z: Buyū Retsuden	publisher	Bandai, Ecofilmes
Stationary Bike	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Making of the Atomic Bomb	publisher	Simon & Schuster
In the King's Service	publisher	Ace Books
The Lion	publisher	Gallimard-Jeunesse
Pumpkin Scissors	publisher	Kodansha
Childe Morgan	publisher	Ace Books
Aristopia	publisher	Arena Publishing Co.
The Voyage of QV66	publisher	Heinemann
RUSI Journal	publisher	Royal United Services Institute
Igano Kabamaru	publisher	Shueisha
Professor Layton and the Curious Village	publisher	Nintendo
The Law of Dreams	publisher	House of Anansi Press
The Law of Dreams	publisher	Steerforth Press
Captain Tsubasa 3: Koutei no Chousen	publisher	Tecmo
Books Do Furnish a Room	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Kororinpa	publisher	Hudson Soft
Unstrange Minds	publisher	Basic Books
A Christmas Memory	publisher	Random House
Tail Concerto	publisher	Bandai
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Lean	publisher	Society of Manufacturing Engineers
The World Next Door	publisher	Tor Books
The Brief History of the Dead	publisher	Pantheon Books
Wits and Wagers	publisher	North Star Games
The Female Brain	publisher	Morgan Road Books
Leonardo Music Journal	publisher	MIT Press
Zootaxa	publisher	Magnolia Press
Crimson Tears	publisher	Capcom
Dark Wraith of Shannara	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Illustrated Mum	publisher	Doubleday
Wolfcry	publisher	Delacorte Press Books for Young Readers
Bomberman Quest	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Composer Is Dead	publisher	HarperCollins
Evolution: A Theory in Crisis	publisher	Burnett Books
Rocks of Ages	publisher	Random House
Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices	publisher	Barricade Books, Inc.
The Man-Eater of Malgudi	publisher	Viking Press
Banker to the Poor	publisher	PublicAffairs
Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water	publisher	Toho
Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water	publisher	Namco
Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water	publisher	Gainax
Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water	publisher	Hudson Soft
Ushio to Tora: Shin'en no Daiyō	publisher	Yutaka
The Anomalies	publisher	Cage
The White Castle	publisher	Carcanet Press
The White Castle	publisher	George Braziller
Tulane Journal of International and Comparative Law	publisher	Tulane University Law School
Torture the Artist	publisher	MacCage Adams Publishing
Ahoy!	publisher	Ion International
Tengai Makyō II: Manjimaru	publisher	Hudson Soft
Nothing But Blue Skies	publisher	Orbit Books
Quartet	publisher	Sega
Quartet	publisher	Activision
Age of Pirates: Captain Blood	publisher	1
Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction	publisher	Free Press
Made Man	publisher	Mastertronic
Made Man	publisher	Aspyr
Questioning the Millennium	publisher	Random House
Flame Dragon Plus: Marks of Wind	publisher	Dynasty International Information
Night and Day	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
Crimes of War	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Sims 2: Seasons	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims 2: Seasons	publisher	Aspyr
Super International Cricket	publisher	Nintendo
Cancer Nursing Practice	publisher	RCNi
Emergency Nurse	publisher	RCNi
Mental Health Practice	publisher	Royal College of Nursing
Nursing Older People	publisher	RCNi
Nurse Researcher	publisher	RCNi
Nursing Management	publisher	RCNi
Nursing Children and Young People	publisher	RCN Publishing
Primary Health Care	publisher	RCNi
Evidence-Based Nursing	publisher	BMJ Publishing Group and RCN Publishing
Nursing Times	publisher	EMAP
Fist of the North Star	publisher	Sega
Reminiscences of a Stock Operator	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Behind Enemy Lines	publisher	Harmony Books
Marvel Trading Card Game	publisher	Konami
The Blackburne Covenant	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Hot Wheels Extreme Racing	publisher	THQ
WWF Royal Rumble	publisher	Dreamcast: THQ
WWF Royal Rumble	publisher	Yuke's
Drayton Valley Western Review	publisher	Kelly Stone
Nancy Drew: The White Wolf of Icicle Creek	publisher	Her Interactive
Nancy Drew: The White Wolf of Icicle Creek	publisher	Sega
Mexican Motor Mafia	publisher	Science of Tomorrow
A Bad Case of Stripes	publisher	Blue Sky Press
Controversy Creates Cash	publisher	WWE Books
Controversy Creates Cash	publisher	Pocket Books
Black Water	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na	publisher	MediaWorks
The FairTax Book	publisher	Regan Books
Secret Service	publisher	Activision Value
The World That Couldn't Be	publisher	Pocket Books
TV: 2000	publisher	Fawcett Publications
First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time	publisher	Lancer Books
Linguistic Inquiry	publisher	MIT Press
Journal of Linguistics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Natural Language and Linguistic Theory	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Venus in Copper	publisher	Hutchinson
In Search of Schrödinger's Cat	publisher	Bantam Books
Darwinism, Design and Public Education	publisher	Michigan State University Press
Monday Mourning	publisher	Heinemann
Wolfskin	publisher	Avatar Press
Chaos: Making a New Science	publisher	Viking Books
Castles of Steel	publisher	Ballantine Books
D6 Adventure	publisher	Purgatory Publishing, Inc. d.b.a. West End Games
D6 Space	publisher	West End Games
D6 Fantasy	publisher	West End Games
WWF Raw	publisher	LJN
WWF Raw	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Gambit	publisher	Viking Press
Segagaga	publisher	Sega
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories	publisher	Random House
Glasshouse	publisher	Orbit Books
Glasshouse	publisher	Ace Books
Romance of Darkness	publisher	Shogakukan
A Bathroom of Her Own	publisher	Ace Books
Mickey's Ultimate Challenge	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Mickey's Ultimate Challenge	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
The Weapon Too Dreadful to Use	publisher	Ziff-Davis
Soulless: Ann Coulter and the Right-Wing Church of Hate	publisher	Regan
No Connection	publisher	Street & Smith
Under the Skin	publisher	Harcourt
Under the Skin	publisher	Canongate Books
Half-Breed	publisher	Popular Publications
Batman: In Darkest Knight	publisher	DC Comics
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: The Fallen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Kujibiki Unbalance	publisher	Kodansha
Kujibiki Unbalance	publisher	Media Factory
Championship Manager 2007	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Championship Manager 2007	publisher	Virtual Programming
Daily Star Sunday	publisher	Northern and Shell Media
With the Light	publisher	Akita Shoten
Task Force 1942	publisher	MicroProse
Jackie Chan Stuntmaster	publisher	Midway Games
Two Fables	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Audacity of Hope	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Audacity of Hope	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Fortune and Glory	publisher	Oni Press
Millicent Min, Girl Genius	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Tomb Raider: Curse of the Sword	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tomb Raider: Curse of the Sword	publisher	Activision
Psychological Types	publisher	Rascher Verlag
Flower of Eden	publisher	Kodansha
Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid	publisher	HarperCollins
The Tesseract	publisher	Viking Press
The Tesseract	publisher	Riverhead Books
Half-Breeds on Venus	publisher	Popular Publications
The Blade of Conan	publisher	Ace Books
The Spell of Conan	publisher	Ace Books
Dark Forces	publisher	Viking Press
Hades' Daughter	publisher	Voyager Books
Sing to the Dawn	publisher	William Morrow & Co
The Andalite's Gift	publisher	Scholastic Press
2400 A.D.	publisher	Origin Systems
Blade	publisher	F+W Publications Inc.
The Price of the Ticket	publisher	St. Martin's Press
In the Time of Dinosaurs	publisher	Scholastic Press
Memories with Food at Gipsy House	publisher	Viking Press
Rhyme Stew	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Rhyme Stew	publisher	Viking Press
My Year	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Sometime Never: A Fable for Supermen	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Sometime Never: A Fable for Supermen	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Icerigger	publisher	Ballantine Books
Iraq Study Group Report	publisher	United States Institute of Peace
Electronic Journal of Knowledge Management	publisher	
BMC Nursing	publisher	BioMed Central
Shooting Times	publisher	IPC Media
Body of Evidence	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics	publisher	Copernicus Publications for the European Geosciences Union
Unnatural Exposure	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Hornet's Nest	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Cause of Death	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
From Potter's Field	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Body Farm	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Cruel and Unusual	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Blue Planet	publisher	Biohazard Games
Blue Planet	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Blue Planet	publisher	RedBrick
Blue Planet	publisher	FASA Games
All That Remains	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Jade Trilogy	publisher	Futake Publishing
The Jade Trilogy	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux Viz Media
The American Diary of a Japanese Girl	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Irretrievable	publisher	New York Review of Books
Titeuf	publisher	Zep
Titeuf	publisher	Cinebook
Ghost Hunt	publisher	Kodansha
The Doraemons	publisher	Shogakukan
Dorabase	publisher	Shogakukan
Journal of Avian Biology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Society Oikos
Victorian Age: Vampire	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Top Shop	publisher	PlayStation
Top Shop	publisher	KIDJP
Top Shop	publisher	SuccessJP
Top Shop	publisher	AgetecNA
Top Shop	publisher	Sega Saturn
The Betrothed	publisher	Archibald Constable and Co.
Sonic Riders: Zero Gravity	publisher	Sega
Whole Terrain	publisher	Antioch University New England
The Titan's Curse	publisher	Miramax Books
The Titan's Curse	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Immodest Proposals	publisher	NESFA Press
The Great Fetish	publisher	Doubleday
Hellsing	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Hellsing	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Def Jam: Icon	publisher	Electronic Arts
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	publisher	Hunter House Publishers
The Man Who Knew Infinity	publisher	Scribner's
Bounded Choice	publisher	University of California Press
Madden NFL 08	publisher	EA Sports
The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Billy and the Boingers Bootleg	publisher	Little Brown & Co
Law Quarterly Review	publisher	Sweet & Maxwell
Gunster: Rain of Bullets	publisher	NHN Corp.
Combat Flight Simulator 2	publisher	Microsoft
Wacky Races: Starring Dastardly and Muttley	publisher	Infogrames
Journal of Crustacean Biology	publisher	The Crustacean Society
Journal of Chemical Education	publisher	American Chemical Society
Combatting Cult Mind Control	publisher	Inner Traditions – Bear & Company
The Price of Privilege	publisher	Harper Collins
Journey Escape	publisher	Data Age
The Twelve Little Cakes	publisher	Riverhead Books
Elephantmen	publisher	Comiccraft
Aristotelian Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Glass Inferno	publisher	Doubleday , Pocket Books , Zebra
Doppelganger	publisher	Warner Books
Captain Tsubasa Vol. II: Super Striker	publisher	Tecmo
Be-Bop High School	publisher	Kodansha
The Super Dimension Fortress Macross	publisher	Namco
Blueberries for Sal	publisher	Viking Press
Hello Kitty no Hanabatake	publisher	Character Soft
Master of Illusion	publisher	Nintendo
Mobile Suit Z Gundam: Hot Scramble	publisher	Bandai
Sanrio Cup: Pon Pon Volley	publisher	Character Soft
Angel-Seeker	publisher	Ace Books
The Alleluia Files	publisher	Ace Books
The Truth-Teller's Tale	publisher	Viking Juvenile
Technics and Civilization	publisher	Harcourt, Brace and Company
Jovah's Angel	publisher	Ace Books
The Yiddish Policemen's Union	publisher	HarperCollins
The Oxford Murders	publisher	MacAdam/Cage
Damian and the Dragon: Modern Greek Folk-Tales	publisher	Oxford University Press
Living for the Day After Tomorrow	publisher	Mag Garden
Bad Blood	publisher	Fourth Estate
World Destruction League: Thunder Tanks	publisher	3
Zendoku	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Stalkers	publisher	Epic Comics
SpyBoy	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Marvel: The End	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mek	publisher	Wildstorm
Mekanix	publisher	Marvel Comics
Adventures in the Rifle Brigade	publisher	Vertigo
Apocalypse Nerd	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Angeltown	publisher	Vertigo
Atomic Age	publisher	Marvel Comics
Atomic Age	publisher	Epic Comics
Blood & Water	publisher	Vertigo
The Damned	publisher	Oni Press
Crush	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Daring Mystery Comics	publisher	Timely Comics
Cruel and Unusual	publisher	Vertigo
John Carter, Warlord of Mars	publisher	Marvel Comics
Kong the Untamed	publisher	DC Comics
La Perdida	publisher	Fantagraphics
Kings in Disguise	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Swords and Sorcery	publisher	Pyramid Books
Spider-Man: Reign	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Spell of Seven	publisher	Pyramid Books
Force 10 From Navarone	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Force 10 From Navarone	publisher	Doubleday
Chikyu Misaki	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dokaben	publisher	Akita Shoten
Ganbare Goemon: Sarawareta Ebisumaru!	publisher	Konami
Democracy	publisher	Positech Games, Tri-Synergy
More Tomorrow & Other Stories	publisher	Earthling Publications
Off the Main Sequence	publisher	Book of the Month Club
The Pit	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Co.
Danny and the Dinosaur	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Alien Trilogy	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Medieval Lords: Build, Defend, Expand	publisher	Monte Cristo Multimedia
Hataraki Man	publisher	Kodansha
Superman: Countdown to Apokolips	publisher	Infogrames
Batman: Gotham City Racer	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Batman: Chaos in Gotham	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Justice League: Injustice for All	publisher	Midway Games
Justice League: Chronicles	publisher	Midway Games
The Fantastic Swordsmen	publisher	Pyramid Books
Warlocks and Warriors	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Space Viking	publisher	Ace Books
Frankie	publisher	Morrison Media
The Discoverers	publisher	Random House
The Wounded Land	publisher	Del Rey Books
White Gold Wielder	publisher	Del Rey Books
The One Tree	publisher	Del Rey Books
Water	publisher	Milkweed Editions
Spider-Man: Battle for New York	publisher	Activision
Prayer for a Child	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Twig	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Seattle Metropolitan	publisher	Nicole Vogel
Eldritch Wizardry	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Big Susan	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Andra	publisher	Collins
Virtua Fighter Animation	publisher	Sega
IWoz	publisher	W. W. Norton
Hellfire	publisher	Taito
Hellfire	publisher	Masaya
Hellfire	publisher	Seismic Software Inc.
Hellfire	publisher	NEC Avenue
Mobile Suit Gundam: Crossfire	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Aliens: Earth Hive	publisher	Bantam Books
Out of Africa	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Out of Africa	publisher	Gyldendal
With Every Mistake	publisher	Random House of Canada
Mad White Giant	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Mad White Giant	publisher	UK
Mad White Giant	publisher	Flamingo
Mad White Giant	publisher	Faber and Faber
Analysis	publisher	Oxford University Press
None but Lucifer	publisher	Gateways Retro Science Fiction
Cornell Law Review	publisher	Cornell Law School
John Henry Days	publisher	Doubleday
John Henry Days	publisher	Anchor Books
I Dream of Mimi	publisher	Hakusensha
Cricket 07	publisher	EA Sports
Our Everlasting	publisher	Biblos
Lawnmower Racing Mania 2007	publisher	Vivendi Games
Valis IV	publisher	Telenet Japan
Titus the Fox	publisher	Titus Interactive
Aliens	publisher	Dark Horse Comics, working with DC Comics
Diner Dash: Flo on the Go	publisher	PlayFirst
Everest Ascent	publisher	Richard Shepherd Software Ltd.
Golem	publisher	Clarion Books
Gyroscope	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Xak I & II	publisher	Telenet Japan
Treasure of Khan	publisher	Putnam Adult
Arrow to the Sun	publisher	Viking Press
Thumbsucker	publisher	Anchor Books
Mind Quiz	publisher	Ubisoft
Journal of Analytical Atomic Spectrometry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Environmental Science: Processes & Impacts	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
The Creators	publisher	Random House
Darkness Falls: The Crusade	publisher	GameStorm, AOL, Centropolis Entertainment
Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Forbes Corporate Warrior	publisher	Byron Preiss Multimedia
Fray in Magical Adventure	publisher	MicroCabin
Deadly Decisions	publisher	Heinemann
Who's Afraid of Beowulf%3F	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Expecting Someone Taller	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Expecting Someone Taller	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dorsai!	publisher	Ace Books
Harold and the Purple Crayon	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Bloom County Babylon	publisher	Little Brown & Co
A House Like a Lotus	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Carrot Seed	publisher	Scholastic Book Services
Crónica	publisher	Héctor Ricardo García
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Girls' Love Stories	publisher	DC Comics
Girls' Romances	publisher	DC Comics
Nightjohn	publisher	Delacorte Press
Ontogeny and Phylogeny	publisher	Belknap Press of Harvard University Press
Treasure Box	publisher	HarperCollins
Aliens: The Computer Game	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
Aliens: The Computer Game	publisher	Mastertronic
Gurume Sentai Barayarō	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Gun Dealer	publisher	Dooyong
Aliens: The Computer Game	publisher	Activision
Aliens: The Computer Game	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
The Echo Maker	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
PSM3	publisher	Future plc
Natural Product Reports	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Lab on a Chip	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Aliens: A Comic Book Adventure	publisher	Mindscape
Take a Girl Like You	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Aliens Online	publisher	GameStorm
Aliens Online	publisher	Kesmai
Aliens Online	publisher	Fox Interactive
The Time of Our Singing	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
It's Halloween	publisher	Greenwillow Books
The Tower of Cabin	publisher	MicroCabin
Brooktown High	publisher	Konami
Slowness	publisher	Harper Perennial
Our Army at War	publisher	DC Comics
Paint Your Dragon	publisher	Orbit
Here Comes the Sun	publisher	Orbit Books
Leap into Darkness	publisher	Woodholme House Publishers
Leap into Darkness	publisher	Anchor Books
Dragons of the Dwarven Depths	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen	publisher	Ace Books
Blood Will Tell	publisher	Sega
Blood Will Tell	publisher	Tezuka Productions
TV Champion	publisher	Yutaka
Las Vegas Cool Hand	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
The Fight for Canada	publisher	Stoddart Publishing Company
The Enchanter Reborn	publisher	Baen Books
The Hedgehog, the Fox, and the Magister's Pox	publisher	Harmony Books
The Big Hunt	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Sharpe's Christmas	publisher	The Daily Mail
Synthesis	publisher	Thieme Medical Publishers
Time of our Darkness	publisher	Arrow Books
Deepak Chopra's Buddha	publisher	Virgin Comics
T zero	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
Fallout Shelter	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Life During Wartime	publisher	Big Finish Productions
A Life of Surprises	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Uncommon Dissent	publisher	ISI Books
The Exotic Enchanter	publisher	Baen Books
Journal of Natural History	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Xak III: The Eternal Recurrence	publisher	MicroCabin
Xak III: The Eternal Recurrence	publisher	NEC
The Draft	publisher	Marvel Comics under their New Universe imprint
The Maze	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Swan	publisher	Shueisha
The City of Ravens	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Last of the Jedi: Return of the Dark Side	publisher	Scholastic Press
Golden Cain	publisher	Biblos
Murder on the Zinderneuf	publisher	Electronic Arts
Venus in Love	publisher	Hakusensha
Batman and the Monster Men	publisher	DC Comics
Predator	publisher	Activision
Predator	publisher	Superior Software
Predator	publisher	The Hit Squad
Predator 2	publisher	Arena Entertainment
Mat Mania – The Prowrestling Network	publisher	Taito\nHAMSTER
Silkworm	publisher	Tecmo
Silkworm	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Endymion	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
Brain	publisher	Signet
Sharpe's Escape	publisher	Harper Collins
The Pitt	publisher	Marvel Comics as part of its New Universe line
Imogen	publisher	Micro Power
Imogen	publisher	Superior Software
Rascals in Paradise	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Obatarian	publisher	Takeshobo
Philosophical Explorations	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Survivors of the Chancellor	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Die Rote Fahne	publisher	Spartakusbund
Until the Full Moon	publisher	Biblos
Warrior	publisher	Vectorbeam
A Girl Named Disaster	publisher	Orchard Books
Theoretical Chemistry Accounts	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Seekers	publisher	Random House
Selfish Love	publisher	Biblos
Thunder Oak	publisher	Random House UK Corgi Children's Imprint
Ore no Ryouri	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tales Too Ticklish to Tell	publisher	Little Brown & Co
One Child	publisher	Putnam
The Compleat Enchanter	publisher	Doubleday
Time for a Tiger	publisher	Heinemann
War of the Twins	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Game Center Arashi	publisher	Shogakukan
Oregon Trail II	publisher	SoftKey Multimedia
Clan of the Nakagamis	publisher	Biblos
Finding Darwin's God	publisher	Cliff Street Books
The Punisher	publisher	THQ
Nicktoons Racing	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Nicktoons Racing	publisher	Infogrames
Nicktoons Racing	publisher	Chicago Gaming
On Beauty	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, London
Warrior Kings	publisher	Microïds
Warrior Kings	publisher	Feral Interactive
Haters	publisher	Little, Brown
The Green Berets	publisher	Crown Publishers
The New Biographical Dictionary of Film	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
I Sold My Soul on eBay	publisher	WaterBrook Press
The Stars Are Ours!	publisher	World
American Journal of Archaeology	publisher	Archaeological Institute of America
Pelé's Soccer	publisher	Atari
The Complete Compleat Enchanter	publisher	Sphere Books
Brother	publisher	Kaiōsha
American Appetites	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Lenin	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher	publisher	1991
Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher	publisher	1992
Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher	publisher	2007
Crustaceana	publisher	Brill Publishers
Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books	publisher	Delacorte Press
Street Trace NYC	publisher	Microsoft
F1 ROC II: Race of Champions	publisher	SETA
Killer in the Rain	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Let's Make a Soccer Team!	publisher	Sega
Ghost Story	publisher	Coward, McCann and Geoghegan
Heart Full of Soul: An Inspirational Memoir About Finding Your Voice and Finding Your Way	publisher	Crown
Punch!	publisher	Shogakukan
Gift	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Doomsters	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Waxworks	publisher	Accolade
One Hand Clapping	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
One Hand Clapping	publisher	Peter Davies
Magical Witch Punie-chan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Finder Series	publisher	Biblos
Finder Series	publisher	Libre Publishing
Styx	publisher	Windmill Software
A Vampyre Story	publisher	Crimson Cow
A Vampyre Story	publisher	The Adventure Company
Through Violet Eyes	publisher	Random House
With Red Hands	publisher	Dell Books
From Black Rooms	publisher	Bantam Books
In Golden Blood	publisher	Random House
I Am a Barbarian	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Nature Biotechnology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Econ Journal Watch	publisher	Atlas Network
Wigfield	publisher	Hyperion Books
DemonStar	publisher	Mountain King Studios
Dogbreath	publisher	Dr. Bob
Dogbreath	publisher	FutureQuake Press
Aeronautica Imperialis	publisher	Games Workshop
Mr. Bones	publisher	Sega
Power Punch II	publisher	ASC Games
The King of Dragons	publisher	Capcom
Complete Mage	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Randamoozham	publisher	Current Books
Live from Golgotha: The Gospel According to Gore Vidal	publisher	Random House
The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos	publisher	Little Brown & Co
90 Minutes in Heaven	publisher	Revell
Confessions of a Yakuza	publisher	Kodansha
Hyperion	publisher	Friedrich Schiller
Rose Hip Rose	publisher	Kodansha
Katrina	publisher	Holger Schildts förlag
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Family Without a Name	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Education for Chemical Engineers	publisher	Elsevier, on behalf of  Institution of Chemical Engineers
Leonardo da Vinci: The Flights of the Mind	publisher	Viking Adult
List of Sailor Moon video games	publisher	Angel
List of Sailor Moon video games	publisher	Bandai
List of Sailor Moon video games	publisher	Ma-Ba
List of Sailor Moon video games	publisher	Bandai
List of Sailor Moon video games	publisher	Banpresto
Krabat	publisher	New York Review Books in US
Monty Python & the Quest for the Holy Grail	publisher	7
Founding Brothers	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Nuytsia	publisher	Western Australian Herbarium
Kane	publisher	Mastertronic
Streaker	publisher	Bulldog
Ruby Holler	publisher	HarperCollins
The Pinhoe Egg	publisher	HarperCollins
Tracks	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
Tea with the Black Dragon	publisher	Bantam Books
San Sombrèro	publisher	Jetlag Travel
Star Wars Arcade	publisher	Sega
Collected Works	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Radio tekee muron	publisher	YLE Export
Mortal Error	publisher	St Martin's Press
Oxford Book of Carols	publisher	Oxford University Press
Cosmic Camouflage	publisher	Superior Software
Cosmic Camouflage	publisher	Acornsoft
Grand Prix Construction Set	publisher	Superior Software
Grand Prix Construction Set	publisher	Acornsoft
Gems & Gemology	publisher	Gemological Institute of America
The Fabulous Clipjoint	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Passing	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Physics of Star Trek	publisher	HarperPerennial
The Little White Horse	publisher	University of London Press
Clea	publisher	Faber and Faber
Battle B-Daman	publisher	Shogakukan
The Phantom Blooper	publisher	Bantam Dell
Physica Scripta	publisher	IOP Publishing
Space Empires V	publisher	Strategy First
A Year at the Movies: One Man's Filmgoing Odyssey	publisher	HarperEntertainment
Splashdown	publisher	Infogrames
Kamunagara	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Ultimate Body Blows	publisher	Team17
Journey: The Adventures of Wolverine MacAlistaire	publisher	Aardvark-Vanaheim
Journey: The Adventures of Wolverine MacAlistaire	publisher	Fantagraphics
Rupasi Bangla	publisher	First edition in Bengali by Signet Press, Joe Winter's English translation by Anvil Press Poetry, A K Basu Majumdar's English translation by Mittal Publication, etc.
Automation and Remote Control	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica Press
HoopWorld	publisher	Virtual Toys
Michael Andretti's World GP	publisher	Varie
Michael Andretti's World GP	publisher	American Sammy
Storyworks	publisher	Scholastic Press
Guild Wars	publisher	NCSOFT
Out of the Shadows	publisher	Mizar Computing
The Wealthy Barber	publisher	Stoddart Publishing Co. Limited
A Traveler from Altruria	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Rolling Thunder 3	publisher	Namco
Weekly Comic Bunch	publisher	Shinchosha
Kemps Film and TV Production Services Handbook	publisher	Wilmington Publishing & Information
Lovely Idol	publisher	Enterbrain
The Memoirs of Cleopatra	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Black Hearts in Battersea	publisher	Doubleday
Black Hearts in Battersea	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Super Fruit Fall	publisher	System 3
Tulane Maritime Law Journal	publisher	Tulane University Law School
Does My Head Look Big in This%3F	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ten Things I Hate About Me	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia Pty Ltd
Sneak King	publisher	King Games
Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Fires on the Plain	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Fires on the Plain	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tenshi no Uta	publisher	Nippon Telenet
War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning	publisher	PublicAffairs
NASCAR Racing 4	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Terror Australis	publisher	R'lyeh Texts
Godzilla: Battle Legends	publisher	Toho
Godzilla: Battle Legends	publisher	Hudson Soft
Jazz	publisher	Shinshokan
Hawk of May	publisher	Signet Books
Hawk of May	publisher	Simon & Schuster
In Winter's Shadow	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Kingdom of Summer	publisher	Signet Books
The Australian Horror and Fantasy Magazine	publisher	Dark Press
American Journal of Psychology	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Tales from the Floating Vagabond	publisher	Avalon Hill
About Time	publisher	Penguin Books
The Stripping of the Altars	publisher	Yale University Press
Hunter	publisher	Activision
Screamer	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Screamer	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Lajm	publisher	Mabetex
The Terminator: Rampage	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Pomes Penyeach	publisher	Shakespeare and Company
Red Army	publisher	Pocket Books
The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Treasure Island	publisher	Mr. Micro
NASCAR Racing 2002 Season	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
PocketBike Racer	publisher	King Games
Bratz: Rock Angelz	publisher	THQ
Big Bumpin'	publisher	King Games
TransWorld Surf	publisher	Infogrames
Whirl Tour	publisher	Vivendi Games
Winnie the Pooh's Rumbly Tumbly Adventure	publisher	Ubisoft
Winnie the Pooh's Rumbly Tumbly Adventure	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
World Championship Poker	publisher	Crave Entertainment
World Championship Poker	publisher	Oxygen Games
World Championship Poker	publisher	505 Games
World Championship Pool 2004	publisher	Jaleco
Zatch Bell! Mamodo Fury	publisher	Bandai
Zatch Bell! Mamodo Fury	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag	publisher	Gnome Press
The Fashion in Shrouds	publisher	Heinemann
The Last Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe: The Troy Dossier	publisher	J.B. Leppencotte Company
Defenders of the Faith	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Haunted Bridge	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Third Mind	publisher	Viking Press
Space Apprentice	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Futari wa Pretty Cure Splash Star	publisher	Kodansha
Gideon the Cutpurse	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Liberty Project	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Desperate Housewives: The Game	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Hebereke's Popoon	publisher	Sunsoft
The Doors of His Face, The Lamps of His Mouth	publisher	Mercury Publications
Champions of Hell	publisher	13
The Year of the Quiet Sun	publisher	Ace Books
Lie Down in Darkness	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
My Brother Jack	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Legend of Heroes II: Prophecy of the Moonlight Witch	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Legend of Heroes: A Tear of Vermillion	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Encyclopedia of Malaysia	publisher	Editions Didier Millet
Yellow	publisher	Biblos
Sea of Glass	publisher	St. Martins Press
Skynet	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract	publisher	Free Press
Fish Tycoon	publisher	Big Fish Games
Fish Tycoon	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Dread Dragon Droom	publisher	Humberside
The Lost Generation	publisher	Haynes Group
The House with the Green Shutters	publisher	John MacQueen, London
BattleCards	publisher	Merlin Publishing
Journal of the Adventist Theological Society	publisher	Adventist Theological Society
Alexander	publisher	Ubisoft
Jack & Jill	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Generation of Swine	publisher	Summit Books
Faber Book of Irish Verse	publisher	Faber and Faber
Come as You Are: The Story of Nirvana	publisher	Doubleday
Iron Man	publisher	Sega
Awake and Dreaming	publisher	Viking Canada
The View from Castle Rock	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Ikachan	publisher	Daisuke Amaya
Ikachan	publisher	Nicalis
All Star Racing 2	publisher	Mud Duck Productions
Australian Journal of Chemistry	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
Environmental Chemistry	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
Team Medical Dragon	publisher	Shogakukan
Bloody Roar 2	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Bloody Roar 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Bloody Roar 2	publisher	Hudson Soft
Chamber Music	publisher	Elkin Mathews
The Queen and I	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Right Attitude to Rain	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Right Attitude to Rain	publisher	Little, Brown
Rescuing Da Vinci	publisher	Laurel publishing, LLC
The Atom Station	publisher	Helgafell, Reykjavik
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers	publisher	Bandai
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers	publisher	Sega
Rogue Warrior	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Mountain of Black Glass	publisher	DAW Books
Mountain of Black Glass	publisher	Donald A. Wollheim
River of Blue Fire	publisher	DAW Books
River of Blue Fire	publisher	Donald A. Wollheim
Sea of Silver Light	publisher	DAW Books
Sea of Silver Light	publisher	Donald A. Wollheim
The Terminator: Dawn of Fate	publisher	Infogrames
The Cobra Event	publisher	Random House
Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon	publisher	Konami
The Crow: City of Angels	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Embraced by the Moonlight	publisher	Hakusensha
Middle Passage	publisher	Atheneum Publishers
Measuring the World	publisher	Pantheon Books
RoboBlitz	publisher	Naked Sky Entertainment       \nMicrosoft Game Studios
Stories from the English and Scottish Ballads	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Stories from the English and Scottish Ballads	publisher	Heinemann
Journal of Applied Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
National Intelligencer	publisher	William Winston Seaton and Joseph Gales
Lucky	publisher	Condé Nast
ATV Offroad Fury 4	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Boston College Law Review	publisher	Boston College Law School
Ring ni Kakero	publisher	Shueisha
The Puma Blues	publisher	Aardvark-Vanaheim
The Puma Blues	publisher	Mirage Studios
The Puma Blues	publisher	Dover Comics & Graphic Novels
Something Changed	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Jackass: The Game	publisher	Red Mile Entertainment
Jackass: The Game	publisher	Empire Interactive
Jackass: The Game	publisher	MTV Games
The Labyrinth Plus! Edition	publisher	Microsoft
Stormwrack	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dereliction of Duty	publisher	Harper Perennial
Benny Shaw	publisher	Puffin Books
Ford Racing	publisher	Empire Interactive
Ford Racing	publisher	HME Inc.
Ford Racing	publisher	Feral Interactive
Ford Racing	publisher	Gotham Games
Ford Racing	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Ford Racing	publisher	2
Ford Racing	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
The Wellstone	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Wardner	publisher	Taito Corporation
Wardner	publisher	Visco Corporation
NHL 2K7	publisher	2
Ex Machina	publisher	DC Comics
Ex Machina	publisher	Wildstorm
The Death of Artemio Cruz	publisher	Fondo de Cultura Económica
Peeps	publisher	Penguin Group
Bonnie's Bookstore	publisher	PopCap Games
Mobilization	publisher	San Diego State University
The Collectors	publisher	Warner Books
Cool Gardens	publisher	MTV
Die Macher	publisher	Hans im Glück, Moskito, Valley Games, Inc.
Mutant Storm Empire	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Game Over	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Education in Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
ATV Offroad Fury Pro	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hyperbowl Plus! Edition	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Blood and Roses	publisher	HarperCollins
Sumomomo Momomo	publisher	Square Enix
Amy's Eyes	publisher	Harper & Row
Lieut. Gullivar Jones: His Vacation	publisher	S.C. Brown, Langham & Co.
Ethel and Ernest	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Green Green	publisher	Groover
Green Green	publisher	WellMADE
Business is business	publisher	Fasquelle
Harmful Intent	publisher	G.P.Putnam's Sons, New York
Vital Signs	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Blindsight	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Are Men Necessary%3F	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Dead Famous	publisher	Bantam Press
Highway Encounter	publisher	Vortex Software
Red Earth, White Earth	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gossamer	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Clear Body, Clear Mind	publisher	Bridge Publications
What My Mother Doesn't Know	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Across Suez	publisher	Simulations Publications
Buggy Boy	publisher	Taito
Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures	publisher	Doubleday in Canada
Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures	publisher	Weinstein Books in the US
San Francisco Herald	publisher	Gene Mahoney
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: Black Dossier	publisher	WildStorm
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: Black Dossier	publisher	DC Comics
Fury	publisher	Del Rey Books
By the Sword	publisher	Akita Shoten
By the Sword	publisher	Biblos
Superman vs. Predator	publisher	DC Comics
Anastasia Absolutely	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Wings Over Vietnam	publisher	Destineer
Wings Over Vietnam	publisher	Bold Games
Fatal Cure	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Artist's Way	publisher	Penguin Group
Acceptable Risk	publisher	PAN BOOKS
Seizure	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Handsome na Kanojo	publisher	Shueisha
Dynasty Tactics 2	publisher	Koei
The Report Card	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The Courts of the Morning	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
The Courts of the Morning	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Jawbreaker: The Attack on bin Laden and al-Qaeda	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy	publisher	Clarion Books
The Royal Family	publisher	Viking Press
The Atlas	publisher	Viking Press
The Ice-Shirt	publisher	André Deutsch
In the Heat of the Night	publisher	Harper & Row
The Rifles	publisher	Viking Press
Orphans of Chaos	publisher	Tor Books
Frostbite	publisher	www.brokentype.com
Hammered	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Growing Pains	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Test Drive: Off-Road Wide Open	publisher	Infogrames
Test Drive III: The Passion	publisher	Accolade
Test Drive 4	publisher	Accolade
Test Drive 5	publisher	Accolade
Sorcerian	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Big Biz Tycoon 2	publisher	Activision Value
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines	publisher	Atari
Super-Team Family	publisher	DC Comics
The Kalahari Typing School for Men	publisher	Polygon Books
Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight	publisher	D3 Publisher
Terrier	publisher	Random House Books for Young Readers
Shining Force EXA	publisher	Sega
The Elves of Cintra	publisher	Del Rey Books
Marble Drop	publisher	Maxis
So Much to Tell You	publisher	Joy Street Books
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Dark Crusade	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Dark Crusade	publisher	Sega
Nonterraqueous	publisher	Mastertronic
Language Problems and Language Planning	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company in cooperation with the Center for Research and Documentation on World Language Problems
Soul of a Robot	publisher	Mastertronic
Kingdom of the Golden Dragon	publisher	Rayo/ HarperCollins
Agent of Vega	publisher	Gnome Press
Last Flight	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
A Rebel in Time	publisher	Tor Books
Prester John	publisher	William Blackwood
Prester John	publisher	George H. Doran Company
The Power-House	publisher	William Blackwood
The House of the Four Winds	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Dancing Floor	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Dancing Floor	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Hard Edge	publisher	Sunsoft
The Gap in the Curtain	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Icefire	publisher	Orchard Books, an imprint of Scholastic Inc.
Snoopy vs. the Red Baron	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Snoopy vs. the Red Baron	publisher	United Media
Call of Duty: Roads to Victory	publisher	Activision
Today is Tonight	publisher	Grove Press
Today is Tonight	publisher	Dell Publishing
World Tour Golf	publisher	Electronic Arts
1862	publisher	Presidio Press
Ninth Key	publisher	Pulse
The Penguin Guide to Jazz	publisher	Penguin Books
Reunion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Book of Bond	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern	publisher	Del Rey Books
Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Memory Keeper's Daughter	publisher	Viking Press
The Memory Keeper's Daughter	publisher	Penguin Books Doubleday Dell Publishing Group
Dragonsdawn	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Halley Project	publisher	Mindscape
The Renegades of Pern	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Chronicles of Pern: First Fall	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Art of Loving	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Cluedo DVD Game	publisher	Hasbro
Cluedo DVD Game	publisher	Parker Brothers
Tolkien's Legendarium	publisher	Greenwood Press
A Life in Pieces	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Brother in the Land	publisher	Oxford University Press
Cavern Creatures	publisher	Datamost
The Farming of Bones	publisher	Soho Press
Eye on Crime	publisher	Minstrel Books
Business Jet Traveler	publisher	Anthony T. Romano\ncirculation = approx. 35,000, about 90% U.S.\nlanguage = English
Inuyasha: Secret of the Divine Jewel	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
20 Hrs., 40 Min.	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Fun of It	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Final Key	publisher	Tor Books
Earthly Delights	publisher	Datamost
Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research	publisher	American Chemical Society
The God Machine	publisher	E.P. Dutton
A River Sutra	publisher	Vintage Books
A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears	publisher	HarperCollins
My Side of the Mountain	publisher	E. P. Dutton
McDonald's Videogame	publisher	Molleindustria
Beyond the Chocolate War	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sneakers	publisher	Sirius Software
The Flying Inn	publisher	John Lane
The Flying Inn	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Meme Machine	publisher	Oxford University Press
Psyvariar	publisher	Taito Corporation
Psyvariar	publisher	Success Corporation
Psyvariar	publisher	Success Corporation
Psyvariar	publisher	Success Networks Corporation
La Joie de vivre	publisher	Charpentier
Tales Beyond Time	publisher	Lothrop Lee & Shepard
City of the Chasch	publisher	Ace Books
Servants of the Wankh	publisher	Ace Books
The Dirdir	publisher	Ace Books
The Pnume	publisher	Ace Books
Count Duckula 2	publisher	Alternative Software
Stopping at Slowyear	publisher	Axolotl Press
Lavender and Old Lace	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Old Rose and Silver	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Wild Flowers Worth Knowing	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Bird Neighbors	publisher	Doubleday
Nature's Garden	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Parallel Lives	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Dead Men Diaries	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Mothers and Sons	publisher	Picador
The Search for the Snow Leopard	publisher	Pocket Books
Capricornia	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Falling Man	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Air Inferno	publisher	Taito Corporation
Twelve Red Herrings	publisher	HarperCollins
The Houma Courier	publisher	Miles Forrest
The Ides of March	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Almanac of the Dead	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Upside of Down	publisher	Random House Canada
Strain: Strategic Armored Infantry	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Autumn Street	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Dublin: Foundation	publisher	Century Hutchinson
The Chaser Annual	publisher	Text Publishing
Yankee Autumn In Acadiana	publisher	Center for Louisiana Studies
L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman%3F	publisher	Lyle Stuart
Zero Zero	publisher	Fantagraphics
Rudin	publisher	Sovremennik
The Doomsday Manuscript	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Gods of the Underworld	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Squire's Crystal	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Infernal Nexus	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Glass Prison	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Alone in My King's Harem	publisher	Biblos
Dogfight	publisher	MicroProse
Too Much, Too Soon	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
Manga Kenkanryu	publisher	Shinyusha
Arena of Octos	publisher	SoftSide
Last Hope	publisher	NG:Dev Team
Last Hope	publisher	RedSpotGames
Ennichi no Tatsujin	publisher	Namco
Times Square Red, Times Square Blue	publisher	New York University Press
Zoya	publisher	Delacorte Press
Meridian	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Tensai Bakabon	publisher	Kodansha
Tensai Bakabon	publisher	Shogakukan
Guitarist	publisher	Future plc
If I Did It	publisher	Beaufort Books
The Kitchen God's Wife	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
A Little Raw on Monday Mornings	publisher	Sheed and Ward
Indiana Jones and the Tomb of the Templars	publisher	West End Games
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America	publisher	AIP Publishing on behalf of the Acoustical Society of America
No, David!	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Mr. Robot and His Robot Factory	publisher	Datamost
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix	publisher	Electronic Arts
Asleep	publisher	Grove Press
Kabu Trader Shun	publisher	Capcom
The Summer Garden	publisher	HarperCollins
The Right-Hand Man	publisher	Oxford University Press
Going Home	publisher	Oxford University Press
Initial D Arcade Stage 4	publisher	Sega
Journal of the Royal Society Interface	publisher	The Royal Society
Classical Philology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Crossroads	publisher	First Comics
Cole Black	publisher	Rocky Hartberg Productions
The Kouga Ninja Scrolls	publisher	Kodansha
The Kouga Ninja Scrolls	publisher	Del Ray
Titanic: The Long Night	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
TFX	publisher	Ocean Software
Brown Girl, Brownstones	publisher	Random House
Goodbye Tsugumi	publisher	Grove Press
Pimp My Ride	publisher	Activision
NP	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Amrita	publisher	Grove Press
Hidamari Sketch	publisher	Houbunsha
Hidamari Sketch	publisher	Houbunsha
Curse of the Blue Tattoo	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
UFO: Afterlight	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Classic Images	publisher	Lee Enterprises
Aunt Jane's Nieces	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Landfall	publisher	Otago University Press
Ikebukuro West Gate Park	publisher	Akita Shoten
Ikebukuro West Gate Park	publisher	Kodansha
Ikebukuro West Gate Park	publisher	Bungeishunju
Vixen	publisher	Martech
EABA	publisher	Blacksburg Tactical Research Center
Moe Howard and the Three Stooges	publisher	Citadel Press
Academy	publisher	CRL Group PLC
Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge	publisher	Citadel Press
Ethnopolitics	publisher	Routledge
The Teachers of Gurdjieff	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Teachers of Gurdjieff	publisher	Malor Books
The Periodic Table	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Periodic Table	publisher	Schocken Books
Iketeru Futari	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
A Masculine Ending	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Phantom Ship	publisher	E.L. Carey & A. Hart
Screamer Rally	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Alpha Waves	publisher	Infogrames /Data East
A Midsummer Tempest	publisher	Doubleday
The Doctor Is Sick	publisher	W. W. Norton
How the García Girls Lost Their Accents	publisher	Algonquin Books
Star Wars: The Best of PC	publisher	LucasArts
Ultrabots	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tron: The Ghost in the Machine	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Varth: Operation Thunderstorm	publisher	Capcom
Varth: Operation Thunderstorm	publisher	Romstar
Lord of the Rings: Game One	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Children's Songbook	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Journey of Man	publisher	Princeton University Press
Machines	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Human Organization	publisher	Society for Applied Anthropology
Blue of Noon	publisher	Jean-Jacques Pauvert
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Island Thunder	publisher	Ubisoft
Arc the Lad	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Arc the Lad	publisher	Working Designs
Blood Dawn	publisher	Optimus Design Systems
Blood Dawn	publisher	SSDC, Inc.
Konjiki no Gash Bell!! Go! Go! Mamono Fight!!	publisher	Bandai
Kensei: Sacred Fist	publisher	Konami
When Religion Becomes Evil	publisher	HarperCollins Canada
Social Evolution & History	publisher	Uchitel Publishing House
The October Horse	publisher	Century
Focus	publisher	Helmut Markwort
Bartender	publisher	Shueisha
Mary Reilly	publisher	Doubleday
Two for the Lions	publisher	Century
Big Nose the Caveman	publisher	Codemasters
Stan Lee Meets Superheroes	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Emigrants	publisher	Bonniers
Wasteland	publisher	DC Comics
The Emigrants	publisher	Bonniers
The Last Letter Home	publisher	Bonniers
Unto a Good Land	publisher	Bonniers
The Settlers	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Fountain	publisher	Vertigo
Big Nose Freaks Out	publisher	Camerica
Tanarus	publisher	Sony Interactive Studios America
Social Research	publisher	The New School for Social Research
Magnum Crimen	publisher	Nakladni zavod Hrvatske, Zagreb
Attack No. 1	publisher	Shueisha
The Moon by Night	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Crime Does Not Pay	publisher	Lev Gleason Publications
Maverick	publisher	Warner Books
Maverick	publisher	Random house
Rokkin	publisher	Wildstorm
12 Days	publisher	Tokyopop
Bike	publisher	Bauer Consumer Media Ltd
Labyrinth of Reflections	publisher	AST
The Lay of the Land	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The C.H.A.O.S. Continuum	publisher	CreativeMultimedia Corporation]]
Dead or Alive 5	publisher	Koei Tecmo
A Pattern of Roses	publisher	Oxford University Press
Left 4 Dead	publisher	Valve Corporation
Escape from the Planet of the Robot Monsters	publisher	Atari Games
Escape from the Planet of the Robot Monsters	publisher	Domark
The Pirate	publisher	Street & Smith
The Chinese Agent	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Chinese Agent	publisher	Hutchinson
Demon Fighter Kocho	publisher	Shueisha
Needle in the Groove	publisher	Anchor Books
Light Verse	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
Patterns of Prejudice	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Oxford Book of English Madrigals	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Young Unicorns	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Star of the Giants	publisher	Kodansha
This Town Will Never Let Us Go	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
People Might Hear You	publisher	Puffin Books
Putin's Russia	publisher	Harvill Press
GURPS High-Tech	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Suite française	publisher	Denoel
Hollyworld	publisher	Blacksburg Tactical Research Center
Groizer X	publisher	Shogakukan
Groizer X	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Talk Talk	publisher	Viking Press
Tanglewood	publisher	Microdeal
CORPS	publisher	Blacksburg Tactical Research Center
Shōnen Onmyōji	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
NBA Jam Extreme	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings	publisher	Penguin Books
The Addams Family	publisher	Ocean Software
NBA Jam	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Echo Delta	publisher	Nintendo
Echo Delta	publisher	Clever Trick
Warhammer 40,000 Roleplay	publisher	Black Industries
Warhammer 40,000 Roleplay	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
The Baum Bugle	publisher	The International Wizard of Oz Club
Really%3F Really!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Cat Street	publisher	Shueisha
SimCity DS	publisher	EA Games
The Antipope	publisher	Pan Books and Corgi Adult
EF2000	publisher	Ocean Software
Bomberman '93	publisher	Hudson Soft
Monster Hunter Freedom 2	publisher	Capcom
Birthright: The Gorgon's Alliance	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Nuclear Holocausts: Atomic War in Fiction	publisher	Kent State University
Digging to America	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Saint Maybe	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Historie	publisher	Kodansha
Tricky Kick	publisher	Information Global Service
Journal of Accounting and Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Kar Racing	publisher	Cosmi Corporation
Yoki Koto Kiku	publisher	Jive
Nettō! Gekitō! Quiz-tō!!	publisher	Namco
Kamui	publisher	Square Enix
The First King Adventure	publisher	Mag Garden
American Fairy Tales	publisher	George M. Hill Company
Quantum Gate	publisher	Media Vision
Boba Fett: A Practical Man	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Diabolo	publisher	Shueisha
Un-Man	publisher	Street & Smith
Silent to the Bone	publisher	Atheneum Books
Soundings	publisher	Lawrence and Wishart
Sharpe's Revenge	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Eldorado	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Cratermaze	publisher	Hudson Soft
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Doctor Strange: The Oath	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Sound Like Someone Trying Not to Make a Sound	publisher	Doubleday
Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future	publisher	TSR
Warlords of Utopia	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
Oxford American	publisher	Ray Wittenberg
Proceedings of the Chemical Society	publisher	Chemical Society
The Grinch	publisher	Konami
Foxmask	publisher	Tor Books
Hadassah: One Night with the King	publisher	Bethany House
Weeds	publisher	Cavalier
Fool the World: The Oral History of a Band Called Pixies	publisher	Virgin Books
Fool the World: The Oral History of a Band Called Pixies	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Sam Noir	publisher	ShadowLine
Sam Noir	publisher	Image Comics
The Man Who Never Missed	publisher	Ace Books
The Hall of the Dead	publisher	The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction
The Hand of Nergal	publisher	Lancer Books
The Snout in the Dark	publisher	Lancer Books
Cannon Busters	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Cannon Busters	publisher	UDON
Jawbreaker	publisher	On-line Systems, Tigervision
Drums of Tombalku	publisher	Lancer Books
Wolves Beyond the Border	publisher	Lancer Books
The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Road Rash II	publisher	Electronic Arts
Swastika Night	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
European Physical Journal C	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Theory of Fun for Game Design	publisher	Paraglyph Press
Analytical Abstracts	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
1812: The Rivers of War	publisher	Del Rey Books
MySims	publisher	Electronic Arts
MySims	publisher	EA Mobile
Scottish Folk Tales	publisher	Methuen & Co.
Some Like It Hot	publisher	Little Brown
Panzer Tactics DS	publisher	DS\nWindows, iOS
The Sword of Conan	publisher	Gnome Press
King Conan	publisher	Gnome Press
The Coming of Conan	publisher	Gnome Press
Conan the Barbarian	publisher	Gnome Press
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Desert Siege	publisher	Ubisoft
Mode series	publisher	Ace Books
Mode series	publisher	Tor Books
Fordham International Law Journal	publisher	Fordham University School of Law
Underground	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
40 Winks	publisher	GT Interactive
Brother Man	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Hacker Files	publisher	DC Comics
Tommy Lasorda Baseball	publisher	Sega
Nostradamus ni Kiite Miro	publisher	Lime
The Optimist's Daughter	publisher	Random House
Jaseiken Necromancer	publisher	Hudson Soft
Me and the Orgone	publisher	orig. Fawcett Crest Greenwich, republished ACO Press
Superman vs. The Terminator: Death to the Future	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Human Relations	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the Tavistock Institute of Human Relations
Judgment Day	publisher	Awesome Comics
Björk	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Crossroads	publisher	COMPUTE!'s Gazette
International Journal of Mathematics and Mathematical Sciences	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Intellectual Decathlon	publisher	Muse Software
Crossroads II	publisher	COMPUTE!'s Gazette
Cherry Petals Fall Like Teardrops	publisher	Enterbrain
Geneforge 4: Rebellion	publisher	Spiderweb Software
Death Sentence	publisher	Street & Smith
The Road of Kings	publisher	Bantam Books
Conan the Rebel	publisher	Bantam Books
Conan and the Sorcerer	publisher	Ace Books
Conan the Mercenary	publisher	Ace Books
The Sword of Skelos	publisher	Bantam Books
On Human Nature	publisher	Harvard University Press
Rayman Junior	publisher	Ubisoft
La Toya: Growing Up in the Jackson Family	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Zero	publisher	Type-Moon
Zero	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Chase	publisher	Random House
The Information	publisher	Flamingo
The Information	publisher	Harmony Books
Karakuri Circus	publisher	Shogakukan
Fourth Mansions	publisher	Ace Books
The Night of Kadar	publisher	Faber and Faber
Gnosis	publisher	Jay Kinney
Champions of Regnum	publisher	NGD Studios
Yes! PreCure 5	publisher	Kodansha
Towering Inferno	publisher	US Games
The Legendary Axe II	publisher	NEC
Journal of the Society for American Music	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Society for American Music
Monster Mythology	publisher	TSR, Inc
Lost in Blue 2	publisher	Konami
Brian's Return	publisher	Delacorte Press
Our Stolen Future	publisher	Dutton
The Romanian: Story of an Obsession	publisher	Editions Payot & Rivages
FAT!SO%3F	publisher	Ten Speed Press
First Person Plural: My Life As a Multiple	publisher	Hyperion
Coup d'État: A Practical Handbook	publisher	Harvard University Press
Conan the Destroyer	publisher	Tor Books
Alces	publisher	Lakehead University
American College Dictionary	publisher	Random House
The Wings of Rean	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Vinland Saga	publisher	Kodansha
Boy A	publisher	Serpent's Tail
Gatcha Gacha	publisher	Hakusensha
Freedom Project	publisher	Shogakukan
The Fast and the Furious	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Fast and the Furious	publisher	Vivendi Games
Infinite Armies	publisher	Blacksburg Tactical Research Center
Bloodthirst	publisher	Pocket Books
Zillion II	publisher	Sega
By the Light of the Study Lamp	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
ES	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Medical Internet Research	publisher	JMIR Publications
Modern Primitives	publisher	Search
Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The English Roses	publisher	Callaway Arts & Entertainment
Ghost House	publisher	Sega
The Kafka Effekt	publisher	Eraserhead Press
The Picturegoers	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Ruff 'n' Tumble	publisher	Renegade
We Are Smarter Than Me	publisher	Wharton School Publishing
The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel	publisher	Cassell & Co, London
Mamoru-kun ni Megami no Shukufuku o!	publisher	MediaWorks
The Warriors	publisher	E.P. Dutton
Home Improvement: Power Tool Pursuit!	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Labor Studies Journal	publisher	Sage Publications  on behalf of the United Association for Labor Education
Industrial and Labor Relations Review	publisher	Sage Publications for the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations
WorkingUSA	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Making Democracy Work	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Soldier and the State	publisher	Belknap Press
Iron Warriors: T-72 Tank Commander	publisher	Battlefront.com
Iron Warriors: T-72 Tank Commander	publisher	Strategy First
Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy	publisher	Mallinson Rendel Publishers Limited
Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Sea Fairies	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Stray Little Devil	publisher	MediaWorks
Sons of the Oak	publisher	Tor Books
Jaws	publisher	Doubleday
Jaws	publisher	Bantam
Stryker's Run	publisher	Superior Software
Stryker's Run	publisher	Acornsoft
Click, Clack, Moo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Ruins of Cawdor	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Giggle, Giggle, Quack	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dooby Dooby Moo	publisher	Atheneum Books
Duck for President	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Roses Are Red	publisher	Warner Books
Living	publisher	J. M. Dent
Living	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Kong: The 8th Wonder of the World	publisher	Ubisoft
Half a Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Gender Blender	publisher	Random House
The Book of Evidence	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Sky Island	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Bad Kitty	publisher	HarperTeen
Berkeley Journal of Employment and Labor Law	publisher	University of California, Berkeley School of Law
A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus	publisher	John Murray
A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus	publisher	G. & C. Carvill
Backstage Prince	publisher	Shogakukan
Forbidden Dance	publisher	Shogakukan Publishing
Operation Nuke	publisher	Arbor House
High Crystal	publisher	Arbor House
Cyborg IV	publisher	Arbor House
The Ganymede Takeover	publisher	Ace Books
Stranger on the Loose	publisher	Eraserhead Press
Alligator Pie	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Pseudo-City	publisher	Raw Dog Screaming Press
Birth of a Notion	publisher	Ziff-Davis
Labor History	publisher	Routledge
Labor: Studies in Working-Class History of the Americas	publisher	Duke University Press
FOOM	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Spring to Come	publisher	Central European University Press
The Stoic	publisher	Doubleday & Company
The Financier	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Novadrome	publisher	Buena Vista Games
The Journal of Collective Negotiations	publisher	Baywood Publishing
The Yearling	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
My Darling Is a Foreigner	publisher	Media Factory
The Animals of Farthing Wood	publisher	Egmont Publishing Hutchinson US
The Enchanted Island of Yew	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
MVP 07: NCAA Baseball	publisher	EA Sports
Tekken	publisher	Namco
Armageddon: A Novel of Berlin	publisher	Dell Books
Global Domination	publisher	Impressions Games
The History Channel: Civil War – A Nation Divided	publisher	Activision Value
Detroit	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Empire	publisher	Tor Books
Armed Forces & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Diner Dash 2: Restaurant Rescue	publisher	PlayFirst
Chronicles of Avonlea	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Chronicles of Avonlea	publisher	L.C. Page
Further Chronicles of Avonlea	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Wanderers of Time	publisher	Coronet Books
The Minds of Billy Milligan	publisher	Random House
The Minds of Billy Milligan	publisher	Bantam Books
The Game	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Thanksgiving Visitor	publisher	Random House
Ethics & International Affairs	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs
Monkey Magic	publisher	Sunsoft
Neo Gomanism Manifesto Special – On Taiwan	publisher	Shogakukan
The Immaculate Conception	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Amazons	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
The Art of Seeing	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Ys II: Ancient Ys Vanished – The Final Chapter	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Funnies on Parade	publisher	Eastern Color Printing
Famous Funnies	publisher	Eastern Color Printing
Strong Medicine	publisher	Doubleday
Bookworm Adventures	publisher	PopCap Games
Gone-Away Lake	publisher	Harcourt
Batman: The Ultimate Evil	publisher	Warner Books
The Treasure of the Humble	publisher	Mercure de France
Aoki Densetsu Shoot!	publisher	Kodansha
Blood Alone	publisher	MediaWorks
Blood Alone	publisher	Kodansha
Brides in Love	publisher	Charlton Comics
Finding Cassie Crazy	publisher	Pan Macmillan
My Book about ME	publisher	Random House
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Harbinger	publisher	Viacom New Media
Past Imperfect	publisher	DAW Books
Ys IV: Mask of the Sun	publisher	Tonkin House
Ys IV: Mask of the Sun	publisher	Taito Corporation
Ys IV: The Dawn of Ys	publisher	Hudson Soft
Sylvan Tale	publisher	Sega
Super Puzzle Bobble	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Super Puzzle Bobble	publisher	Taito Corporation
Super Puzzle Bobble	publisher	Ubisoft
Ys V: Lost Kefin, Kingdom of Sand	publisher	Nihon Falcom Corporation
Ys V: Lost Kefin, Kingdom of Sand	publisher	Koei
Ys V: Lost Kefin, Kingdom of Sand	publisher	Taito Corporation
Cyberspace 3000	publisher	Marvel UK
Persona 2: Eternal Punishment	publisher	Atlus
Dynasty Warriors	publisher	Koei
Dynasty Warriors Advance	publisher	Nintendo
IS	publisher	Kodansha
Cop Killer	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Cop Killer	publisher	Pantheon Books
Cop Killer	publisher	Victor Gollancz
SSX Blur	publisher	EA Sports
The Terrorists	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Murder at the Savoy	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Murder at the Savoy	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Courtship Rite	publisher	Timescape Books
Courtship Rite	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Jack Orlando	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Jack Orlando	publisher	JoWood Productions
Iron Feather	publisher	Konami
Rogue Queen	publisher	Doubleday
The Moon Goddess and the Son	publisher	Baen Books
He Knew He Was Right	publisher	Strahan and Co.
The Sims 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Quiz & Dragons: Capcom Quiz Game	publisher	Capcom
What You Make It	publisher	HarperCollins
Worms Forts: Under Siege	publisher	Sega
Lords of Midnight: The Citadel	publisher	Domark
Clash of the Sky Galleons	publisher	Doubleday
Lolly Scramble	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Tuttosport	publisher	Nuova Editoriale Sportiva S.r.l.
Tangerine	publisher	Harcourt, 1997
Air Diver	publisher	Seismic
Psychohistorical Crisis	publisher	Tor Books
Thunder Cave	publisher	Hyperion Books
Mobile Suit Gundam: Zeonic Front	publisher	Bandai
Timber	publisher	Bally Midway
Air Rescue	publisher	Sega
The Butterfly Kid	publisher	Pyramid Books
Skippyjon Jones	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
The Radiant Seas	publisher	Tor Books
Water Music	publisher	Little Brown
Prisoner of War	publisher	Codemasters
A Sound of Thunder	publisher	BAM! Entertainment, Inc.
A Sound of Thunder	publisher	Franchise Interactive
Mean Streets	publisher	Access Software
Mean Streets	publisher	U.S. Gold
Battle Royal High School	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Trouble with Physics	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Suppli	publisher	Shodensha
The Sociological Imagination	publisher	Oxford University Press
Cabela's African Safari	publisher	Activision Value
Wrestle Kingdom	publisher	Yuke's
World's End	publisher	Viking Press
Wear	publisher	Elsevier
Tomb Raider	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tomb Raider	publisher	THQ
Wonder Woman: Trinity	publisher	DC Comics
Ultima Online: Kingdom Reborn	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sledding Hill	publisher	Greenwillow Press
The Only Three Questions That Count	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Last Templar	publisher	originally by Ziji Publishing paperback by Orion Books
Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town	publisher	IGN
Hooters Road Trip	publisher	Ubisoft
Hind	publisher	Digital Integration in the UK, Interactive Magic in the US.
Nagasarete Airantō	publisher	Square Enix
Venus Versus Virus	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Three Roads to Quantum Gravity	publisher	Basic Books
Star Legend	publisher	Enterbrain
Star Legend	publisher	Game Field
1942: The Pacific Air War	publisher	MicroProse
Battles of Napoleon	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Combat Flight Simulator WWII Europe Series	publisher	Microsoft
Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Battle of Britain II: Wings of Victory	publisher	TRI Synergy
Battle of Britain II: Wings of Victory	publisher	GMX Media
Canadian Literature	publisher	University of British Columbia
Funeral Games	publisher	Pantheon Books
Funeral Games	publisher	John Murray
Marvel 1602: Fantastick Four	publisher	Marvel Comics
Custom Robo GX	publisher	Nintendo
Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Togari	publisher	Shogakukan
Togari	publisher	Media Factory
Wheelers	publisher	Warner Books
Dekada '70	publisher	Jingle Clan
Dekada '70	publisher	Carmelo & Bauermann Printing Corp.
Dekada '70	publisher	Cacho Publishing House
New Statesmen	publisher	Crisis
The Night at the Museum	publisher	Barron's Educational Series
Rogue Mage series	publisher	ROC
Garōden	publisher	Futabasha
Garōden	publisher	Kodansha
Garōden	publisher	Akita Shoten
Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution	publisher	Random House
Charlotte's Web	publisher	Sega
Charlotte's Web	publisher	Blast! Entertainment Ltd.
Jonestown: The Power and the Myth of Alan Jones	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Survivor	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
Victory Run	publisher	Hudson Soft
Planet Terry	publisher	Star Comics
Silent Scope 3	publisher	Konami
My Sweet Audrina	publisher	Pocket Books
Gakuen Utopia Manabi Straight!	publisher	MediaWorks
Gakuen Utopia Manabi Straight!	publisher	Enterbrain
An Assembly Such as This	publisher	Wytherngate Press
An Assembly Such as This	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Superman: The Man of Steel	publisher	Infogrames
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Shattered Angels	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shattered Angels	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Ascending	publisher	Eos
The Emerald Wand of Oz	publisher	HarperCollins
Trouble Under Oz	publisher	HarperCollins
Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution	publisher	University of California Press
Summon Night Craft Sword Monogatari: Hajimari no Ishi	publisher	Banpresto
Gracies Dinnertime Theatre	publisher	hellskitchen.org
KDice	publisher	Aplayr
Doomsday	publisher	Kessinger Publishing
Idaten Jump	publisher	Kodansha
False Mirrors	publisher	AST
Violets Are Blue	publisher	Warner Books
Zettai Fukuju Meirei	publisher	Will JP JAST USA/Peach Princess US
Graphic Adventure Creator	publisher	Incentive Software
The Haunting of Alaizabel Cray	publisher	Scholastic
All Our Yesterdays	publisher	Advent
All Our Yesterdays	publisher	NESFA Press
Ant-Man's Big Christmas	publisher	Marvel Comics
History Line: 1914-1918	publisher	Blue Byte Software
History Line: 1914-1918	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
On Overgrown Paths	publisher	Green Integer
Computer: A History of the Information Machine	publisher	Basic Books
Computer: A History of the Information Machine	publisher	HarperCollins
Shiroi Heya no Futari	publisher	Shueisha
Fat City	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Shaman King: Master of Spirits	publisher	Konami
The White Boy Shuffle	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The White Boy Shuffle	publisher	Picador
Hot House Flowers	publisher	BookSurge
College Hoops 2K7	publisher	2
Outposts: Journeys to the Surviving Relics of the British Empire	publisher	Penguin Books
Playing Beatie Bow	publisher	Thomas Nelson  and Puffin Books
The Compleat Housewife	publisher	J. Pemberton
Micro Commandos	publisher	Monte Cristo
The Pharmaceutical Journal	publisher	Royal Pharmaceutical Society
Quarterstaff: The Tomb of Setmoth	publisher	Activision
Ancient Evenings	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Watchman	publisher	Bodley Head
Awful End	publisher	Faber and Faber
Love	publisher	Hart-Davis
Breeds There a Man...%3F	publisher	Street & Smith
The Rabbit Factory	publisher	MacAdam Cage
Konami GT	publisher	Konami
Shaman King: Legacy of the Spirits	publisher	Konami
Hamlet and Oedipus	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Sorcerer in the North	publisher	Random House
The Enemy in the Blanket	publisher	Heinemann
Beds in the East	publisher	Heinemann
Devil of a State	publisher	Heinemann
Fragile Things	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Zoo Vet	publisher	Legacy Interactive
The Thieves of Ostia	publisher	Orion Books
Romanitas	publisher	Orion Books
Pulp	publisher	Black Sparrow Press
Almost Lost	publisher	Prentice Hall
The Painted Veil	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd.
The Painted Veil	publisher	George H. Doran Company
Dust Neo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Haunted in the New World	publisher	Indiana University Press
Taking Rights Seriously	publisher	Harvard University Press
Mission in Snowdriftland	publisher	Nintendo
Mission in Snowdriftland	publisher	Tons of bits
Brath	publisher	CrossGen
Down	publisher	Image Comics
The Kaiser's Last Kiss	publisher	HarperCollins
Shaman King: Power of Spirit	publisher	Konami
Nature Girl	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The King of Elfland's Daughter	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Charwoman's Shadow	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Adventist World	publisher	General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Adventist World	publisher	United States
X-Men: Wolverine's Rage	publisher	Activision
Trick'N Snowboarder	publisher	Capcom
Mystic Inn	publisher	Big Fish Games
Buddha Da	publisher	Canongate Books
Beyond Black	publisher	Fourth Estate
Beyond Black	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Rugby Challenge 2006	publisher	Hip Interactive
Rugby Challenge 2006	publisher	Ubisoft
The Parent's Assistant	publisher	Joseph Johnson
Une page d'amour	publisher	Charpentier
The Ballad of Peckham Rye	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Inou Tsukai	publisher	Enterbrain
Inou Tsukai	publisher	Game Field
The Ethos Effect	publisher	Tor Books
Poverty, A Study of Town Life	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Signs of the Times	publisher	Pacific Press; Signs Publishing Company, Australia; Southern Africa Union Conference
Evenings at Home	publisher	Longman and Co. et al.
Atlantis Sky Patrol	publisher	Big Fish Games
Haruka Seventeen	publisher	Kodansha
Signs of the Times	publisher	Signs Publishing Company
Toki	publisher	Fabtek, Ocean, Sega of America, Taito, Magic Team
Red Menace	publisher	Wildstorm
O dia das calças roladas	publisher	Ilhéu Editora
El Centinela	publisher	Pacific Press
The Small Rain	publisher	Vanguard Press
The Small Rain	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
G-Police: Weapons of Justice	publisher	Psygnosis
Hoshigami: Ruining Blue Earth	publisher	Atlus
Nano Breaker	publisher	Konami
The Translator	publisher	Grove Press Black Cat imprint
Superman: The Feral Man of Steel	publisher	DC Comics
Blue Highways	publisher	Fawcett Crest
Skateboard Park Tycoon	publisher	Activision
Vegas Tycoon	publisher	Global Star Software
Industry Giant	publisher	Interactive Magic
009-1	publisher	Futabasha
Rock Manager	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Hotel Giant	publisher	JoWood Productions
Balada da Praia dos Cães	publisher	Edicoes O Jornal
The Detective	publisher	Dial Press
The Crusades Through Arab Eyes	publisher	JC Lattès (France)
The Crusades Through Arab Eyes	publisher	Schocken Books (United States of America)
X-Ray	publisher	Overlook Press
We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Urth of the New Sun	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Urth of the New Sun	publisher	Tor Books
Pig Earth	publisher	Pantheon Books
Death Without Denial Grief Without Apology	publisher	
ESPN College Hoops	publisher	Sega
Major Havoc	publisher	Atari
Frontlines: Fuel of War	publisher	THQ
The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born	publisher	Heinemann
Fantastic Four: The End	publisher	Marvel Comics
Submarine Super 99	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Green Cat	publisher	Shueisha
Lion Books	publisher	Shueisha
Adachi-ga Hara	publisher	Shueisha
The Path	publisher	CrossGen Entertainment
Battles in Time	publisher	Quantum Quality Productions
The Right to an Answer	publisher	Heinemann
Mam'zelle Guillotine	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Damia	publisher	Ace Books
Description of a Struggle	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
Gunmetal	publisher	Mad Genius Software
Gunmetal	publisher	Tri Synergy
See Delphi and Die	publisher	Century
See Delphi and Die	publisher	Mysterious Press
Yoshitsune Eiyūden: The Story of Hero Yoshitsune	publisher	FromSoftware
Styx	publisher	Bug-Byte
Door into the Dark	publisher	Faber and Faber
North	publisher	Faber and Faber
Wintering Out	publisher	Faber and Faber
So Yesterday	publisher	Penguin Group
Perfect Dark	publisher	Nintendo
Fleet of Worlds	publisher	Tor Books
Assault Heroes	publisher	Sierra Online, Konami
Cityscape	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Night Slashers	publisher	Data East
Dragon Magic	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Sandstorm	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Spell Compendium	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Races of the Dragon	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Races of Stone	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Races of the Wild	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Monster Manual IV	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Planar Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift	publisher	Square Enix
The Hunters	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Count	publisher	Adventure International
The Enemies of Books	publisher	Elliot Stock
Station Island	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Afterlife Experiments	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Go	publisher	Scribner's
Journal of Number Theory	publisher	Elsevier
Runaway 2: The Dream of the Turtle	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Runaway 2: The Dream of the Turtle	publisher	FX Interactive
Nanako SOS	publisher	Kobunsha
Nanako SOS	publisher	Magazine House
Nanako SOS	publisher	Hayakawa Publishing
Nanako SOS	publisher	Hideo Azuma
Cosmo Tank	publisher	Atlus
New York Graphic	publisher	Macfadden Publications
The Falcon's Malteser	publisher	Walker Books
Whale Talk	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Four Blind Mice	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cosmic Ark	publisher	Imagic
Verne World	publisher	Banpresto
Digimon World Dawn and Dusk	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Ral Grad	publisher	Shueisha
The Second Invasion from Mars	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Charmed Life	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
East Is East	publisher	Viking Press
Riven Rock	publisher	Viking Press
Drop City	publisher	Viking Press
Sweeney Astray	publisher	
Pop!	publisher	Puffin Books
The Diamond Chariot	publisher	Zakharov
The Incredibles: When Danger Calls	publisher	THQ
Hyper Street Fighter II	publisher	Capcom
Danny Sullivan's Indy Heat	publisher	Leland Corporation
Danny Sullivan's Indy Heat	publisher	Tradewest
Danny Sullivan's Indy Heat	publisher	Sales Curve( )
Mission to Moulokin	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pictures from Italy	publisher	London
Pictures from Italy	publisher	Bradbury & Evans
A Severed Wasp	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Immortal Iron Fist	publisher	Marvel Comics
Field Work	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Haw Lantern	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Spirit Level	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Jewish Quarterly Review	publisher	The University of Pennsylvania Press
Erasing Sherlock	publisher	Mad Norwegian Press
The Alien Sea	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Snap!	publisher	Puffin Books
Survivor	publisher	Doubleday
No Place for Grubbs!	publisher	Puffin Books
Disk Wars	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Stella by the Sea	publisher	Puffin Books
Blind Trek	publisher	Puffin Books
X-Men	publisher	Wildstorm
X-Men	publisher	Image Comics
X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco	publisher	Duffy & Snellgrove
Arte de la lengua mexicana y castellana	publisher	Pedro Ocharte
Boston	publisher	Metrocorp
Quest for Bush	publisher	Global Islamic Media Front
Boots and All	publisher	Puffin Books
Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della	publisher	Juan Ruyz
Daze Before Christmas	publisher	Sunsoft
Bratz	publisher	THQ
Shrek	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Shrek the Third	publisher	Activision
A Touch of Frost	publisher	Constable & Co Ltd
I Will Repay	publisher	Greening & Co, London
Sir Percy Leads the Band	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Osu!! Karate Bu	publisher	Shueisha
Between the Acts	publisher	Hogarth Press
Making Globalization Work	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company, Inc.
Islam: The Straight Path	publisher	Oxford University Press
A Modern Instance	publisher	James R. Osgood
Thunder Cross	publisher	Konami
MLB 07: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Old Friends	publisher	Big Finish Productions
NBA Hoopz	publisher	Midway Games
Lord Tony's Wife	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Elusive Pimpernel	publisher	Hutchinson & Co, London
The Assault on Reason	publisher	Penguin Group
Spellbound!	publisher	The Learning Company
Mission: T.H.I.N.K.	publisher	The Learning Company
Blonde	publisher	HarperCollins
First Love: A Gothic Tale	publisher	Ecco Press
The Looming Fog	publisher	Oge Creations Books
Manhunter 2: San Francisco	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Bullet Points	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fantastic Universe	publisher	Leo Margulies, H.L. Herbert
Tiger Tale	publisher	Bandicoot Books
Delivered from Evil	publisher	Harper & Row
Gran Turismo	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Seductive Poison	publisher	Anchor~Doubleday
Star Command: Revolution	publisher	GT Interactive
Downtown Run	publisher	Ubisoft
Rocky Rodent	publisher	Irem
The Secret of Shambhala: In Search of the Eleventh Insight	publisher	Warner Books
Rage Against the Veil	publisher	Prometheus Books
Frost at Christmas	publisher	Constable
The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu	publisher	Methuen Publishing
New English Hymnal	publisher	Canterbury Press
Deactivators	publisher	Ariolasoft
Somer Assault	publisher	Atlus
The Sims Castaway Stories	publisher	EA Games
The Sims Castaway Stories	publisher	Aspyr
Where's Wally%3F	publisher	UK: Walker Books; US: first Little Brown, then Candlewick Press
Where's Wally in Hollywood%3F	publisher	UK: Walker Books; US: Little Brown & Co then Candlewick Press
The Sims Life Stories	publisher	EA Games
Where's Wally%3F The Wonder Book	publisher	Walker Books  Candlewick Press
Where's Wally%3F The Great Picture Hunt!	publisher	Walker Books  Candlewick Press
Where's Wally%3F: The Ultimate Fun Book	publisher	UK: Walker Books;  US: Little Brown & Co then Candlewick Press
Where's Wally%3F: The Magnificent Poster Book!	publisher	UK: Walker Books; US: Little Brown & Co then Candlewick Press
The Sims Pet Stories	publisher	EA Games
The Sims Pet Stories	publisher	Aspyr Media
Enderby's Dark Lady, or No End to Enderby	publisher	Hutchinson
Dead and Alive	publisher	Bantam Books
Sangokushi Sousouden	publisher	Koei
The Tritonian Ring	publisher	Paperback Library
The Rug and the Bull	publisher	Doubleday
The House by the Churchyard	publisher	William Tinsley
Eclipse	publisher	Little, Brown
Remnant Population	publisher	Baen Books
Blast Factor	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Casino Mogul	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Casino, Inc.	publisher	Konami
Trailer Park Tycoon	publisher	Jaleco Entertainment
IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation	publisher	IEEE Computational Intelligence Society
Where's Waldo%3F: Exploring Geography	publisher	Inscape
The Last of the Jedi: Secret Weapon	publisher	Scholastic Press
Welcome to the Monkey House	publisher	Delacorte Press
Administrative Law Review	publisher	Washington College of Law and American Bar Association Section of Administrative Law & Regulatory Practice
Ikonz	publisher	AEM Worldwide
Shaman King: Funbari Spirits	publisher	Bandai
Echoes in the Darkness	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Genii	publisher	The Genii Corporation
All Music Guide to the Blues	publisher	Backbeat Books
The Godwulf Manuscript	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Xardion	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
One Day in My Life	publisher	Mercier Press
Mortal Stakes	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Stiffed: The Betrayal of the American Man	publisher	Harper Collins
Muppets Inside	publisher	Starwave
The Big Bad Wolf	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Medal of Honor: Vanguard	publisher	EA Games
Crank	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The War	publisher	Marvel Comics
Pale Kings and Princes	publisher	Delacorte Press
My Name Is Caroline	publisher	Doubleday
The Rhinemann Exchange	publisher	Dial Press
Kylie: La La La	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Entente: Battlefields World War I	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Misunderstanding Cults	publisher	University of Toronto Press
Babesch – Bulletin Antieke Beschaving	publisher	Peeters
Only the Heart	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Cahiers de l'Institut de Linguistique de Louvain	publisher	Peteers
Acta Cardiologica	publisher	Belgian Society of Cardiology
The National Medical Journal of India	publisher	AIIMS, New Delhi
The Guns of Navarone	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group Ltd.
Transparent Stained-Glass Windows	publisher	AST
The Triple Hoax	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Flying Saucer Mystery	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Letters of Kingsley Amis	publisher	HarperCollins
Marília de Dirceu	publisher	Tipografia Nunesiana
Dragonseye	publisher	*
Dragonseye	publisher	Transworld
Dragonseye	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bomberman Land	publisher	Hudson Soft
Indian Journal of Gastroenterology	publisher	Indian Society of Gastroenterology
Marius	publisher	Street & Smith
Uno	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Uno	publisher	Gameloft
Uno	publisher	Ubisoft
Dungeon Keeper 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	Tiger Electronics
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	THQ
All Music Guide to Jazz	publisher	Backbeat Books
Into the Labyrinth	publisher	Bantam Books
The Hand of Chaos	publisher	Bantam Books
The Seventh Gate	publisher	Bantam Books
Fire Sea	publisher	Bantam Books
Serpent Mage	publisher	Bantam Books
Dragon Wing	publisher	Bantam Books
Elven Star	publisher	Bantam Books
The Briar King	publisher	Del Rey Books
Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo	publisher	Shadow Mountain
The X-Files Collectible Card Game	publisher	US Playing Card Company
Aggravation	publisher	Lakeside Industries
Aggravation	publisher	Parker Brothers
Aggravation	publisher	Winning Moves
KwonHo	publisher	Vertigo Games
Majyūō	publisher	KSS
Crystal Mask	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Voyage Century Online	publisher	I Got Games
Voyage Century Online	publisher	Snail Games
Centipede	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Centipede	publisher	Atari Interactive
Centipede	publisher	Tiger
Centipede	publisher	Macsoft
Darkness and the Light	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Feeding Frenzy 2	publisher	PopCap Games
Pacific Storm	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Pacific Storm	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
I Spy Spooky Mansion	publisher	Scholastic
Rebel Angels	publisher	Random House
The Forgotten	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Reaction	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Wrong Way Home	publisher	Beacon Press
The Black Swan	publisher	Random House
The Black Swan	publisher	Allen Lane
Dark Ages: Werewolf	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
10 Eventful Years	publisher	Encyclopædia Britannica
Le Rêve	publisher	Charpentier
After the War	publisher	Dinamic Software
Beyond the Wall of Sleep	publisher	Arkham House
Sangokushi Online	publisher	Koei
Bankshot Billiards 2	publisher	PixelStorm
Too Far to Go	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Couples	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Marginalia	publisher	Arkham House
Xeko	publisher	Matter Group
Something About Cats and Other Pieces	publisher	Arkham House
Blart II: The Boy Who Was Wanted Dead or Alive – or Both	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Dunwich Horror and Others	publisher	Arkham House
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels	publisher	Arkham House
8000 Plus	publisher	Future plc
Dawn Undercover	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
A Golden Age	publisher	John Murray
Hunted	publisher	Eos
The Warning	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Unknown	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Escape	publisher	Scholastic Press
My Brother's Road	publisher	I. B. Tauris
The Change	publisher	Scholastic Press
Brothers in Arms: D-Day	publisher	Ubisoft
The Underground	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Departure	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Decision	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Discovery	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Crossing	publisher	Valve Corporation
Dagon and Other Macabre Tales	publisher	Arkham House
The Blonde, the Brunette and the Vengeful Redhead	publisher	Currency Press
Gin Tama	publisher	Shueisha
Gin Tama	publisher	Shueisha
The Phoenix Guards	publisher	Tor Books
Five Hundred Years After	publisher	Tor Books
The Viscount of Adrilankha	publisher	Tor Books
An Open Swimmer	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Exposed	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Extreme	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Attack	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Suspicion	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Solution	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Threat	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Reunion	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Sickness	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Experiment	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Incredible Hulk	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Incredible Hulk	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Conspiracy	publisher	Scholastic Press
Inspector Gadget	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Ren & Stimpy Show: Fire Dogs	publisher	THQ
Bom-Crioulo	publisher	Ática
Mindless Eating	publisher	Bantam Dell
Marvel Zombies vs. The Army of Darkness	publisher	Marvel Comics
Marvel Zombies vs. The Army of Darkness	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
In the Pond	publisher	Zoland Books
Marvel Zombies: Dead Days	publisher	Marvel Comics
Agatha Christie: Murder on the Orient Express	publisher	The Adventure Company
The Counterfeiters	publisher	Nouvelle Revue Française
The Counterfeiters	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Fast Break	publisher	Accolade
Silk	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die	publisher	Tristan de Lancey; Universe Publishing
Storm Front	publisher	Penguin Putnam
Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions	publisher	Square Enix
New Day	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Shallows	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Turning	publisher	Picador
The Continent of Circe	publisher	Jaico Books
Virtual Villagers	publisher	Last Day of Work
Shōnen Ai no Bigaku	publisher	AV Comics
Crest of the Royal Family	publisher	Akita Shoten
Out of Time's Abyss	publisher	Ace Books
Blaze	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Wreck of the Zephyr	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Butasan	publisher	Jaleco
Masterpiece	publisher	Parker Brothers
The Serpent's Shadow	publisher	DAW Books
Biker Mice from Mars	publisher	Konami
The Firemen	publisher	Human Entertainment
Sand Monkeys	publisher	Omnibus Books
April Fool's Day	publisher	Random House Australia
Sylvia	publisher	Viking Press
Solomon's Song	publisher	Viking Books
The Missing Ring	publisher	Datamost
Money Munchers	publisher	Datamost
Scamp	publisher	Dell Comics
Scamp	publisher	Gold Key Comics
Aztec	publisher	Datamost
The Castle in the Forest	publisher	Random House
Man of Nazareth	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Tharolian Tunnels	publisher	Datamost
Georgetown Public Policy Review	publisher	McCourt School of Public Policy
Georgetown Public Policy Review	publisher	Georgetown University
Deliverance	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Indiana University Mathematics Journal	publisher	Indiana University
True Tears	publisher	Flex Comix
Why People Believe Weird Things	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Captive Universe	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Sideways Door	publisher	Telos Publishing Ltd.
Loot and Other Stories	publisher	Jonathan Cape
July's People	publisher	Raven/Taurus
July's People	publisher	Jonathan Cape
July's People	publisher	Viking Press
Love is a Mix Tape	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Głos Ludu	publisher	Congress of Poles
Tokyo Xtreme Racer: Drift	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Regular Polytopes	publisher	Methuen
What a Carve Up!	publisher	Viking Press
Bomberman 64	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions	publisher	Arkham House
Operation Red Jericho	publisher	Walker Books
A Reverie for Mister Ray	publisher	PS Publishing
Gravitation	publisher	W. H. Freeman
The Elder Scrolls IV: Shivering Isles	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Echo	publisher	HarperCollins
Any Old Iron	publisher	Hutchinson
Honest to God	publisher	SCM Press
Wayside School is Falling Down	publisher	Lee & Shepard
The Laughing Cavalier	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger	publisher	HarperCollins
Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Act of Roger Murgatroyd	publisher	Faber and Faber
Fairy Cube	publisher	Hakusensha
Snack Attack	publisher	Datamost
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes	publisher	Boni & Liveright
Communications, Computers, and Networks	publisher	Scientific American, Inc.
Swashbuckler	publisher	Datamost
Race Driver 2006	publisher	Codemasters
Evermore	publisher	Arkham House
Other Worlds Than Ours	publisher	Arkham House
Tom Clancy's SSN	publisher	Simon & Schuster Interactive
Knights of the Desert	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Dance Magazine	publisher	Macfadden Publications
Chemical Physics Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Congress on Research in Dance	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Congress on Research in Dance
Apple to the Core	publisher	Pocket Books
TimeSplitters	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Deception	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Grooves	publisher	Sean Portnoy
Eikou no Napoleon – Eroica	publisher	Chuoukouronsha
Paris to the Moon	publisher	Random House
50 Mission Crush	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Oblong Box	publisher	Godey's Magazine and Lady's Book
Gift from the Gods	publisher	Ocean Software
Ninja JaJaMaru-kun	publisher	Jaleco
Ninja JaJaMaru-kun	publisher	Hamster Corporation
The Jewels of Aptor	publisher	Ace Books
Captives of the Flame	publisher	Ace Books
The Towers of Toron	publisher	Ace Books
City of a Thousand Suns	publisher	Ace Books
The Ballad of Beta-2	publisher	Ace Books
The Einstein Intersection	publisher	Ace Books
What Is the What	publisher	McSweeney's
Equinox	publisher	Lancer Books
The High Frontier: Human Colonies in Space	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Devil in Amber	publisher	Simon & Schuster Ltd
The Devil in Amber	publisher	Pocket Books
The Russian Debutante's Handbook	publisher	Riverhead
They Fly at Çiron	publisher	Incunabula
Inubaka: Crazy for Dogs	publisher	Shueisha
Sterling Sharpe: End 2 End	publisher	Jaleco
Super Adventure Island II	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Jennifer Morgue	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Hard Truck Apocalypse	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Satisfaction Guaranteed	publisher	Hakusensha
UFC: Sudden Impact	publisher	Global Star Software
The Exterminators	publisher	Vertigo
Sherlock Holmes: The Awakened	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Babylon 5: Dark Genesis – The Birth of the Psi Corps	publisher	Del Rey Books
Karous	publisher	Sega
Karous	publisher	Milestone Inc.
Karous	publisher	Klon Co., Ltd.
The Nightmare of Black Island	publisher	BBC Books
Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back	publisher	Virgin Publishing
When the Eagle Hunts	publisher	Headline
Cyber Knight	publisher	Tonkin House
Wikinomics	publisher	Portfolio
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Internet	publisher	National Science Foundation
The Tail of Beta Lyrae	publisher	Datamost
The Physics Teacher	publisher	AIP Publishing on behalf of the American Association of Physics Teachers
Atlantis: Three Tales	publisher	Incunabula
Atlantis: Three Tales	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Journal of Mathematical Physics	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Mass Effect: Revelation	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bloody Roar	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The House That Stood Still	publisher	Greenberg
Grand National	publisher	Elite Systems
Pantheon	publisher	Hogshead Publishing
Coded Arms: Contagion	publisher	Konami
Teen Titans	publisher	THQ
Teen Titans	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Monk Magazine	publisher	James Crotty
Monk Magazine	publisher	Michael Lane
CTO Forum	publisher	9.9
Bass Masters Classic: Pro Edition	publisher	Black Pearl
Bass Masters Classic: Pro Edition	publisher	Malibu
Bass Masters Classic: Pro Edition	publisher	Altron
NHL '94	publisher	EA Sports
Bo Jackson Baseball	publisher	Data East
Bo Jackson Baseball	publisher	Mindscape
F-15 Strike Eagle III	publisher	MicroProse
Azure Bonds	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Green Angel	publisher	Scholastic Press
Songs of the Doomed	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Corsairs: Conquest at Sea	publisher	Microïds
Past Continuous	publisher	Siman Kriah
The Art of Destruction	publisher	BBC Books
The Price of Paradise	publisher	BBC Books
Feeling Sorry for Celia	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The First Sir Percy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Chinese Gold Murders	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Chinese Gold Murders	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Ghosts	publisher	DC Comics
The Chinese Bell Murders	publisher	Michael Joseph
Psychological Bulletin	publisher	American Psychological Association
The Spaceships of Ezekiel	publisher	Bantam Books
Twenty Five Years of an Artist	publisher	Aurum Press
The Big Orange Splot	publisher	Scholastic Inc
The Chinese Lake Murders	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Chinese Lake Murders	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Chinese Nail Murders	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Chinese Nail Murders	publisher	Harper & Row
The Chinese Maze Murders	publisher	Kodansha
The Chinese Maze Murders	publisher	Nanyang Press
The Chinese Maze Murders	publisher	W Van Hoeve Ltd
The Haunted Monastery	publisher	Art Printing Works, Kuala Lumpur
The Stones of Nomuru	publisher	The Donning Company
The Emperor's Pearl	publisher	Heinemann
The Emperor's Pearl	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Lacquer Screen	publisher	Art Printing Works, Kuala Lumpur
The Red Pavilion	publisher	Art Printing Works, Kuala Lumpur
The Monkey and the Tiger	publisher	Heinemann
One: Kagayaku Kisetsu e	publisher	Movic
Rugby World	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Dragons in the Waters	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies	publisher	Natural History Publications
The Frozen Deep	publisher	Not Published
Yokujō Climax	publisher	Shueisha
Asian Affairs	publisher	Royal Society for Asian Affairs through Routledge
Kara no Kyōkai	publisher	Type-Moon
Kara no Kyōkai	publisher	Kodansha
Lander	publisher	Psygnosis
Shorter Views	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Longer Views	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Silent Interviews	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Murder in Canton	publisher	Heinemann
The Phantom of the Temple	publisher	Heinemann
Necklace and Calabash	publisher	Heinemann
Poets and Murder	publisher	Heinemann
The Wind	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Mathematicians in Love	publisher	Tor Books
Dinosaurs!	publisher	Ace Books
Good Morning Call	publisher	Shueisha
Indra's Pearls	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales	publisher	Roy
Transformers: Micromasters	publisher	Dreamwave Productions
Buzz!: The Sports Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Dangerous Book for Boys	publisher	HarperCollins
GoodKnyght!	publisher	HarperCollins
The Righteous Men	publisher	HarperCollins
Extra!	publisher	EC Comics
From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Jersey Devil	publisher	PlayStation
Jersey Devil	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Jersey Devil	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Artemis Fowl: The Time Paradox	publisher	Puffin Books
Sexy	publisher	Harper Collins
Someone in the Dark	publisher	Arkham House
RPM Racing	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
RPM Racing	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Frank Thomas Big Hurt Baseball	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Hive	publisher	Trimark Interactive
The Convenient Marriage	publisher	Heinemann
Rap Jam: Volume One	publisher	Motown Games
Home Alone	publisher	THQ
Home Alone	publisher	Altron
Home Alone	publisher	Probe Entertainment
Out of Space and Time	publisher	Arkham House
The Talisman Ring	publisher	Heinemann
The Talisman Ring	publisher	Book League of America
An Infamous Army	publisher	Heinemann
The Spanish Bride	publisher	Heinemann
The Corinthian	publisher	Heinemann
Faro's Daughter	publisher	Heinemann
Strange Worlds	publisher	Avon Comics
Strange Worlds	publisher	Atlas Comics
The Reluctant Widow	publisher	Heinemann
Venetia	publisher	Heinemann
Jane's Fighters Anthology	publisher	Electronic Arts
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Strikers	publisher	Gakken
The Moon Riders	publisher	Random House
Journal of Food Science	publisher	Institute of Food Technologists
Song Quest	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Cleopatra Fortune	publisher	Taito
Cleopatra Fortune	publisher	Altron
Puchi Carat	publisher	Taito
December 6	publisher	Simon & Schuster
NHLPA Hockey '93	publisher	EA Sports
Evidence: The Last Ritual	publisher	Ubisoft
Evidence: The Last Ritual	publisher	The Adventure Company
Coal Run	publisher	Viking Press
Sister Mine	publisher	Random House
Mr. Do's Wild Ride	publisher	Universal
The Man of the Crowd	publisher	Burton's Gentleman's Magazine and Atkinson's Casket
Lady of Quality	publisher	The Bodley Head
Lady of Quality	publisher	E.P. Dutton
The Tale of Benjamin Bunny	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Cousin Kate	publisher	The Bodley Head
Lyddie	publisher	E. P. Dutton
False Colours	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Nonesuch	publisher	Heinemann
A Civil Contract	publisher	Heinemann
Xenobiotica	publisher	Informa
The Story of the Glittering Plain	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Story of the Glittering Plain	publisher	Kelmscott Press
When You Ride Alone You Ride with bin Laden	publisher	New Millennium
Frederica	publisher	The Bodley Head
Charity Girl	publisher	Bodley Head
Simon the Coldheart	publisher	Heinemann
The Eye and the Finger	publisher	Arkham House
Capcom Puzzle World	publisher	Capcom
Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Gould's Book of Fish	publisher	Picador, Pan Macmillan, Australia
The Conqueror	publisher	Heinemann
The Great Roxhythe	publisher	Hutchinson
The Great Roxhythe	publisher	Small, Maynard and Company
Cosmic Carnage	publisher	Sega
Royal Escape	publisher	Heinemann
The Mysterious Murasame Castle	publisher	Nintendo
Ghost Manor	publisher	Xonox
Neveryóna	publisher	Bantam Books
Flight from Nevèrÿon	publisher	Bantam Books
Tales of Nevèrÿon	publisher	Bantam Books
Return to Nevèrÿon	publisher	Arbor House
Miami Vice: The Game	publisher	Vivendi Games
Miami Vice: The Game	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
FinanceAsia	publisher	Haymarket Group
Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales	publisher	Arkham House
Christy	publisher	McGraw Hill
The Entropy Effect	publisher	Pocket Books
Blade of Arcana	publisher	Enterbrain
Blade of Arcana	publisher	Game Field
Mockingbird	publisher	Doubleday
Lost Worlds	publisher	Arkham House
The Light in the Piazza	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Dark Legions	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Evolva	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Book of Not	publisher	Ayebia Clarke Publishing Ltd
Bad Astronomy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Kiki's Delivery Service	publisher	Fukuinkan Shoten
Kolibri	publisher	Sega
Haou Airen	publisher	Shogakukan
The Philadelphia Trumpet	publisher	Philadelphia Church of God
South by Java Head	publisher	William Collins, Sons
South by Java Head	publisher	Doubleday
The Legacy of Luna	publisher	HarperSanFrancisco
Serpent	publisher	Naxat Soft
Serpent	publisher	Taxan
Step on a Crack	publisher	Little, Brown
Roger Clemens' MVP Baseball	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Roger Clemens' MVP Baseball	publisher	LJN
Roger Clemens' MVP Baseball	publisher	Flying Edge
Something Near	publisher	Arkham House
Mecarobot Golf	publisher	Toho
Highschool of the Dead	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Highschool of the Dead	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
On Killing	publisher	Back Bay Books
Europe Central	publisher	Viking Press
Drunter und Drüber	publisher	Hans im Glück
Vocabulario en lengua castellana y mexicana	publisher	Juan Pablos
Bimbos of the Death Sun	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Bimbos of the Death Sun	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Opener of the Way	publisher	Arkham House
Ladies Whose Bright Eyes	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Witch House	publisher	Arkham House
Green Tea and Other Ghost Stories	publisher	Arkham House
The Hounds of Tindalos	publisher	Arkham House
Seeing Things	publisher	Faber and Faber
Baby Love	publisher	Shueisha
Binetsu Shōjo	publisher	Shogakukan
The Periodic Table of Science Fiction	publisher	PS Publishing
Software	publisher	Ace Books
The Doll and One Other	publisher	Arkham House
Twisted Metal	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
TM and Cult Mania	publisher	Christopher Publishing House
Gumboy: Crazy Adventures	publisher	Cinemax
The House on the Borderland and Other Novels	publisher	Arkham House
Skull-Face and Others	publisher	Arkham House
King's Field	publisher	FromSoftware
Bone Sharps, Cowboys, and Thunder Lizards	publisher	G.T. Labs
Vampire Doll	publisher	Ichijinsha
West India Lights	publisher	Arkham House
Brett Hull Hockey	publisher	Accolade
Ethnic and Racial Studies	publisher	Routledge
Rival Turf!	publisher	Jaleco
Fearful Pleasures	publisher	Arkham House
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Warhawk	publisher	Telecomsoft
A Drama in Livonia	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Moto Roader	publisher	Hudson Soft
Lycèe Trading Card Game	publisher	Broccoli
Venus Plus X	publisher	Pyramid Books
Ultraman: Towards the Future	publisher	Bandai
Judge Dredd	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Realm	publisher	Flair Software
Sticky Balls	publisher	Gizmondo Studios
Chain of Pearls	publisher	Shogakukan
Hell and High Water	publisher	HarperCollins
The Umbrella Academy	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Angel and Apostle	publisher	Unbridled Books
The Clock Strikes Twelve	publisher	Arkham House
Big Mouth & Ugly Girl	publisher	HarperCollins
Lord of the Rings: Journey to Rivendell	publisher	Parker Brothers
This Mortal Coil	publisher	Arkham House
Koi wa Ina Mono Myōna Mono	publisher	Shinshokan
December When There Is No Angel	publisher	Leaf
Dark of the Moon: Poems of Fantasy and the Macabre	publisher	Arkham House
Runebound	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Anne Freaks	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Ramona's World	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Keeping You a Secret	publisher	Little, Brown
Pure and Applied Chemistry	publisher	Walter de Gruyter for IUPAC
Revelations in Black	publisher	Arkham House
The Stratagem and other Stories	publisher	Mandrake Press
Collected Works of Aleister Crowley 1905-1907	publisher	The S. P. R. T
Night's Black Agents	publisher	Arkham House
PowerUp Forever	publisher	Namco Bandai
The Dreaming Jewels	publisher	Greenberg
Dark Quetzal	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Akuma na Eros	publisher	Shogakukan
They Came on Viking Ships	publisher	HarperCollins
Sensual Phrase	publisher	Shogakukan
The Travelling Grave and Other Stories	publisher	Arkham House
Conflict Management and Peace Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Morning of the Magicians	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Elvandia Story	publisher	Spike
Wetware	publisher	Avon Books
Love Celeb	publisher	Shogakukan
Other Voices	publisher	University of Pennsylvania
On Wings of Song	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Honey Bunny!	publisher	Shueisha
Jack	publisher	Dennis Publishing, Inc.
Trapped	publisher	Eos
Clockers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
My Senator and Me	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Great Time Machine Hoax	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Kusari	publisher	Aquaplus
Shizuku	publisher	Aquaplus
Arte para aprender la lengua mexicana	publisher	Imprimerie Nationale
Faculty of Dental Surgery	publisher	Royal College of Surgeons of England Faculty of Dental Surgery
Tasogare	publisher	Aquaplus
Worms Eat My Garbage	publisher	Flower Press
Captain Michalis	publisher	Bruno Cassirer, Oxford
Ghost Rider: Road to Damnation	publisher	Marvel Comics
Swing	publisher	Software 2000
Manhunt 2	publisher	Rockstar Games
Orpheus no Mado	publisher	Shueisha
All in a Day	publisher	Philomel Books
Air Raid	publisher	Men-A-Vision
Caesar	publisher	Avon
The Conchologist's First Book	publisher	Haswell, Barrington, and Haswell
The Eye of Judgment	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Codename: Knockout	publisher	Vertigo imprint of DC Comics
Venus The Flytrap	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Lullabies for Little Criminals	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Ornithology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Deutsche Ornithologen-Gesellschaft
Zak's Lunch	publisher	Clarion Books
The Web of Easter Island	publisher	Arkham House
Creature Shock	publisher	Virgin Interactive, Data East
The Fourth Book of Jorkens	publisher	Jarrold Publishing
Sun Devils	publisher	DC Comics
The Veteran	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
And Chaos Died	publisher	Ace Books
Roads	publisher	Arkham House
The Risk Pool	publisher	Random House
The Risk Pool	publisher	Vintage
The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall	publisher	Southern Literary Messenger
Wind and Water: Puzzle Battles	publisher	Yuan Works , RedSpotGames
Art Alive!	publisher	Sega
Art Alive!	publisher	Tec Toy
Private Lies	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Jax and the Hellhound	publisher	Blackthorne Publishing
Dennis the Menace	publisher	Ocean Software
Constantine	publisher	DC Comics
Davidsonia	publisher	UBC Botanical Garden and Centre for Plant Research
Genius Loci and Other Tales	publisher	Arkham House
Not Long for this World	publisher	Arkham House
Crusades	publisher	Vertigo
Crossing Midnight	publisher	Vertigo
The Throne of Saturn	publisher	Arkham House
Tri-County News	publisher	Delta Publications
Red Strangers	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Funny Boy	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Great Russian Encyclopedia	publisher	Great Russian Encyclopedia
A Hornbook for Witches	publisher	Arkham House
When the Bough Breaks	publisher	Random House
The Art Journal	publisher	Hodgson & Graves; Samuel Carter Hall; George Virtue
Shattered	publisher	Random House
The Flesh in the Furnace	publisher	Bantam Books
The Dark Chateau	publisher	Arkham House
The End of Poverty	publisher	Penguin Press
Kerberos & Tachiguishi	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Tales from Underwood	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy for Arkham House
Mr. Monk and the Blue Flu	publisher	Signet Books
Journal of International Affairs	publisher	The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York
Night's Yawning Peal: A Ghostly Company	publisher	Arkham House with Pellegrini & Cudahy
Maximum Security	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
World Series Baseball 2K2	publisher	Sega
Physical Review B	publisher	American Physical Society
Galactic North	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Play	publisher	Commodore Business Machines
The Thirteenth Tale	publisher	Atria Books
El Cazador de la Bruja	publisher	Akita Shoten
Glass Wings	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Captive Hearts	publisher	Hakusensha
Unless	publisher	Harper Collins
Quest	publisher	Ares
Empire Falls	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Peninsula Clarion	publisher	Morris Communications
Candy: A Novel of Love and Addiction	publisher	Ballantine Books
It's Not News, It's FARK	publisher	Gotham Books
Mobile Suit Gundam Alive	publisher	Kodansha
Beka Lamb	publisher	Heinemann
Christ Clone Trilogy	publisher	Warner Books
Delta V	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Curse of Yig	publisher	Arkham House
Soldier Blade	publisher	Hudson Soft
International Journal of Quantum Chemistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Legends of the Diamond	publisher	Bandai
Sangokushi V	publisher	Koei
Romance of the Three Kingdoms VI: Awakening of the Dragon	publisher	Koei
Romance of the Three Kingdoms VIII	publisher	Koei
Romance of the Three Kingdoms VII	publisher	Koei
Thriller	publisher	Mira Books
Yume no Crayon Oukoku	publisher	Kodansha
Waltz in a White Dress	publisher	Shogakukan
Black Book	publisher	Uitgeverij Podium
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ	publisher	Caminho
On Truth	publisher	Knopf
Mega Man 9	publisher	Capcom
Zapitalism	publisher	Ionos
Baby Pop	publisher	Kodansha
Anata to Scandal	publisher	Shueisha
The Monterey County Herald	publisher	Gary Omernick
Annual Review of Ecology, Evolution, and Systematics	publisher	Annual Reviews
Sangokushi Battlefield	publisher	Koei
The Queen of Attolia	publisher	Greenwillow Books/ William Morrow and Company
Troubling a Star	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Feasting Dead	publisher	Arkham House
Kevin Keegan's Player Manager	publisher	Imagineer
Chubby Cherub	publisher	Bandai
The Survivor and Others	publisher	Arkham House
The Scarlet Gospels	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Activision Decathlon	publisher	Activision
The Gangs of New York	publisher	Garden City Publishing Company
Barom-1	publisher	Kodansha
Unleavened Bread	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Always Comes Evening	publisher	Arkham House
Making History: The Calm & The Storm	publisher	Muzzy Lane
Challenging the Chip	publisher	Temple University Press
Film Comment	publisher	Film Society of Lincoln Center
The Jupiter Myth	publisher	Century
Spells and Philtres	publisher	Arkham House
The Wretched Stone	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Shannon's Way	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Shannon's Way	publisher	Little, Brown
Shannon's Way	publisher	Ryerson Press
The Minstrel Boy	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
The Minstrel Boy	publisher	Little, Brown
The Mask of Cthulhu	publisher	Arkham House
Nine Horrors and a Dream	publisher	Arkham House
Star Wars Republic Commando: True Colors	publisher	Del Rey Books
Epic Battles	publisher	Score Entertainment
Bōken Jidai Katsugeki Goemon	publisher	Konami
Ganbare Goemon: Tōkai Dōchū Ōedo Tengu ri Kaeshi no Maki	publisher	Konami
The Perfect Thing	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Some Notes on H. P. Lovecraft	publisher	Arkham House
The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces	publisher	Arkham House
Amazons Attack!	publisher	DC Comics
Major League Baseball 2K7	publisher	2
The Abominations of Yondo	publisher	Arkham House
Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares	publisher	Arkham House
In a Glass Darkly	publisher	Richard Bentley & Son
Invaders from the Dark	publisher	Arkham House
The Wyvern's Spur	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Company K	publisher	Random House
Company K	publisher	Victor Gollancz Limited
American Anthropologist	publisher	American Anthropological Association
Strayers from Sheol	publisher	Arkham House
Solo Flight	publisher	MicroProse Software
The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors	publisher	Bantam Books
Fire and Sleet and Candlelight	publisher	Arkham House
Shadow World	publisher	Eidolon Studio, Iron Crown Enterprises, Guild Companion Publications
The Killing	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Globalized City	publisher	Oxford University Press
Dreams and Fancies	publisher	Arkham House
The Rise of the Black Wolf	publisher	Orchard Books
This Day All Gods Die	publisher	Bantam Books/Spectra
Forbidden Knowledge	publisher	Bantam Books/Spectra
Lonesome Places	publisher	Arkham House
Sun of Suns	publisher	Tor Books
Chaos and Order	publisher	Bantam Books/Spectra
The Real Story	publisher	Bantam Books/Spectra
CSI: Hard Evidence	publisher	Ubisoft
Prater Violet	publisher	Random House
Mazinger Angels	publisher	Kodansha
Robin of the Wood	publisher	Odin Computer Graphics
Dark Mind, Dark Heart	publisher	Arkham House
Crazy Taxi: Fare Wars	publisher	Sega
NFL Quarterback Club	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Aoki Densetsu Shoot!	publisher	Super Famicom: KSS
Aoki Densetsu Shoot!	publisher	Game Boy: Banpresto
Ganbare Goemon Kirakira Dōchū: Boku ga Dancer ni Natta Wake	publisher	Konami
Heroes of Jin Yong	publisher	Softworld
Jurassic Park 2: The Chaos Continues	publisher	Ocean Software
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See%3F	publisher	Doubleday & Company
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Kidō Senshi Gundam: Senjō no Kizuna	publisher	Bandai Namco
Clutch	publisher	Drill Press
The Blood-Stained God	publisher	Gnome Press
The Horror from the Hills	publisher	Arkham House
Ganbare Goemon: Tengu-tō no Gyakushū!	publisher	Konami
Ganbare Goemon: Kuru Nara Koi! Ayashige Ikka no Kuroi Kage	publisher	Konami
Collected Poems	publisher	Arkham House
Space, Inc.	publisher	DAW Books
Max Lovely!	publisher	Shueisha
Seikimatsu no Angel	publisher	Shueisha
Autobiography: Some Notes on a Nonentity	publisher	Arkham House
Jibaku-kun	publisher	Enterbrain
Tales of the Black Widowers	publisher	Doubleday
100 Books by August Derleth	publisher	Arkham House
Alpen Rose	publisher	Shogakukan
Who Fears the Devil%3F	publisher	Arkham House
Transcendence	publisher	Kronosaur Productions
Colonel Chabert	publisher	Mame-Delaunay
Passage to Juneau: A Sea and Its Meanings	publisher	Picador
Test of the Twins	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Spanner	publisher	City and Guilds College Union
Gag Manga Biyori	publisher	Shueisha
Night Season	publisher	N/A
Only Human	publisher	Penguin Books
Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s	publisher	Activision
Tempting Danger	publisher	Penguin Books
Mortal Danger	publisher	Penguin Books
Blood Lines	publisher	Penguin Books
Silent Hunter 4: Wolves of the Pacific	publisher	Ubisoft
Indiana Jones' Greatest Adventures	publisher	JVC
Indiana Jones' Greatest Adventures	publisher	LucasArts
Superman: War of the Worlds	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Environmental Psychology	publisher	Elsevier
International Journal of Corpus Linguistics	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Corpora	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Corpus Linguistics and Linguistic Theory	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
American Power and the New Mandarins	publisher	Pantheon Books
American Power and the New Mandarins	publisher	New Press
Airball	publisher	Microdeal
The Dark Man and Others	publisher	Arkham House
The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants	publisher	Arkham House
Poems for Midnight	publisher	Arkham House
Starquake	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bladestorm: The Hundred Years' War	publisher	Koei
Over the Edge	publisher	Arkham House
The Second Generation	publisher	TSR
The Black Tower	publisher	Faber and Faber
World Championship Soccer 2	publisher	Sega
Letters from Wolfie	publisher	Viking Books
Journal of the Norwegian Medical Association	publisher	Norwegian Medical Association
GripShift	publisher	Red Mile Entertainment,
GripShift	publisher	Platform Publishing
GripShift	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
GripShift	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
GripShift	publisher	Sidhe Interactive
Duel in the Sun	publisher	Rodale, Inc.
Portraits in Moonlight	publisher	Arkham House
Nightmare Need	publisher	Arkham House
ReVisions	publisher	DAW Books
Sudden Attack	publisher	Nexon and Netmarble
Tales of Science and Sorcery	publisher	Arkham House
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft I	publisher	Arkham House
Poems in Prose	publisher	Arkham House
The Long Winter	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Quick and the Dead	publisher	Arkham House
Greg Hastings' Tournament Paintball	publisher	Activision
AntiPatterns	publisher	John Wiley & Sons, ltd
Foundations of Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Something Breathing	publisher	Arkham House
Strange Harvest	publisher	Arkham House
The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces	publisher	Arkham House
Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People	publisher	Arkham House
Power Blade 2	publisher	Taito
Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
The Mail on Sunday	publisher	DMG Media
Black Medicine	publisher	Arkham House
Deep Waters	publisher	Arkham House
Hibiki's Magic	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Three Tales of Horror	publisher	Arkham House
Travellers by Night	publisher	Arkham House
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts	publisher	Activision Value
Narratives of Islamic Origins	publisher	Darwin Press
Strange Gateways	publisher	Arkham House
The Green Round	publisher	Ernest Benn
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft II	publisher	Arkham House
Small Vices	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Last Man Standing	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Castle Marrach	publisher	Skotos
Midwinter	publisher	Microplay Software
Midwinter	publisher	Kixx XL
Garden State	publisher	Pushcart Press
Anagrams of Desire	publisher	Manchester University Press ,\ndistributed by University of British Columbia Press
El estrangulador	publisher	Grijalbo Mondadori
Cry of Morning	publisher	Michael Joseph
Panzer Elite	publisher	Psygnosis
Panzer Elite	publisher	JoWood
Chaos Marauders	publisher	Games Workshop
Manga Force: The Ultimate Collection	publisher	Manga Entertainment
The Kindly Ones	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Kindly Ones	publisher	HarperCollins
Kasparov Chessmate	publisher	EA Mobile
The Secrets of Vesuvius	publisher	Orion Books
Little Britain: The Video Game	publisher	Blast! Entertainment Ltd
Little Britain: The Video Game	publisher	Mastertronic
Crash Bandicoot	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Experimental Analysis of Behavior
Cosmic Family	publisher	Ubisoft
Amegas	publisher	ReLINE Software
Lammas Night	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Dark	publisher	Faber and Faber
300: March to Glory	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Nightmares and Daydreams	publisher	Arkham House
Memoir	publisher	Faber and Faber
Brett Hull Hockey '95	publisher	Accolade
Fever Pitch Soccer	publisher	Atari Games , U.S. Gold
Darkmere	publisher	Core Design
The Cage	publisher	Corgi
Panzer Elite Action: Dunes of War	publisher	JoWooD Productions
The Folsom Flint and Other Curious Tales	publisher	Arkham House
Thirty Years of Arkham House, 1939–69	publisher	Arkham House
Other Dimensions	publisher	Arkham House
In Times Like These	publisher	Heinemann
Thunder Point	publisher	Michael Joseph
Thunder Point	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Game of Life Card Game	publisher	Parker Brothers
The Game of Life Card Game	publisher	Hasbro
The Far Hills	publisher	Jarrolds
Selected Poems	publisher	Arkham House
The Science Fictional Solar System	publisher	Harper & Row
The Face in the Mirror	publisher	Arkham House
Eight Tales	publisher	Arkham House
Halfway Human	publisher	Avon Books
Dark Things	publisher	Arkham House
Name It and Frame It%3F	publisher	Institute on Religion and Law
Songs and Sonnets Atlantean	publisher	Arkham House
High School Musical: Sing It!	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft III	publisher	Arkham House
A Short History of a Small Place	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Blast	publisher	Alexander Berkman
The Caller of the Black	publisher	Arkham House
The Arkham Collector: Volume I	publisher	Arkham House
Disclosures in Scarlet	publisher	Arkham House
Total Annihilation: Battle Tactics	publisher	GT Interactive
The Rim of the Unknown	publisher	Arkham House
Demons by Daylight	publisher	Arkham House
Daffy Duck: The Marvin Missions	publisher	Sunsoft
From Evil's Pillow	publisher	Arkham House
Stories of Darkness and Dread	publisher	Arkham House
Breakpoint	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Beneath the Moors	publisher	Arkham House
Du Bois Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Boom Boom Rocket	publisher	Electronic Arts
The World of Karl Pilkington	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Collected Ghost Stories	publisher	Arkham House
The Watchers Out of Time and Others	publisher	Arkham House
Howard Phillips Lovecraft: Dreamer on the Nightside	publisher	Arkham House
Sharpe's Christmas	publisher	The Sharpe Appreciation Society
Harrigan's File	publisher	Arkham House
The House of the Worm	publisher	Arkham House
Wonder Woman: The Blue Amazon	publisher	DC Comics
Batman: Nosferatu	publisher	DC Comics
Kay Tracey	publisher	Cupples & Leon
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion	publisher	HarperCollins
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Nameless Places	publisher	Arkham House
The Purcell Papers	publisher	Arkham House
Naval Ops: Commander	publisher	Koei
Dreams from R'lyeh	publisher	Arkham House
Calling All Cars!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft IV	publisher	Arkham House
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft V	publisher	Arkham House
Bitin' Off Hedz	publisher	Cheapass Games
Dwellers in Darkness	publisher	Arkham House
The Height of the Scream	publisher	Arkham House
Fiela's Child	publisher	Tafelberg Publishers Ltd
Kecksies and Other Twilight Tales	publisher	Arkham House
And Afterward, the Dark	publisher	Arkham House
American Fascists	publisher	Free Press
The Horror at Oakdeene and Others	publisher	Arkham House
My Life in Art	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
In Mayan Splendor	publisher	Arkham House
Born to Exile	publisher	Arkham House
What Is Mathematics%3F	publisher	Oxford University Press
Vigilant	publisher	Eos
Half in Shadow	publisher	Arkham House
In the Mist and Other Uncanny Encounters	publisher	Arkham House
The Princess of All Lands	publisher	Arkham House
Zoo Tycoon 2: Extinct Animals	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Deluge Drivers	publisher	Del Rey Books
Street Hoop	publisher	Data East
Street Hoop	publisher	D4 Enterprise
Pure Drivel	publisher	Hyperion
The Confessions of Mycroft Holmes: A Paper Chase	publisher	Harcourt
Wings of War	publisher	Nexus Editrice
The Black Book of Clark Ashton Smith	publisher	Arkham House
The Unbeheaded King	publisher	Del Rey Books
Kiloblaster	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Necropolis	publisher	Arkham House
Redemption	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Third Grave	publisher	Arkham House
Kai Lung Unrolls His Mat	publisher	Richards Press
Mega Man ZX Advent	publisher	Capcom
The Glob	publisher	Epos
Why Paint Cats	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Jungle Wars 2: Kodai Mahō Atimos no Nazo	publisher	Pony Canyon, Inc.
True Golf Classics: Pebble Beach Golf Links	publisher	Super Famicom:
True Golf Classics: Pebble Beach Golf Links	publisher	T&E Soft
True Golf Classics: Pebble Beach Golf Links	publisher	Sega Mega Drive:
True Golf Classics: Pebble Beach Golf Links	publisher	Sega
Tokimeki Memorial Taisen Puzzle-Dama	publisher	Konami
Oceania	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Nuclear War	publisher	U.S. Gold
Sacred Games	publisher	HarperCollins
Second Folio	publisher	Thomas Cotes
Peace Is Possible	publisher	Newmarket Press
Star Trek: Starship Creator	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Star Trek: Hidden Evil	publisher	Activision
Star Trek: Hidden Evil	publisher	Empire Interactive
Blood Hound	publisher	Hakusensha
Old Witch Boneyleg	publisher	Angus & Robertson
General Relativity	publisher	The University of Chicago Press
Collected Poems	publisher	Arkham House
The Brimstone Wedding	publisher	Viking Press
The Brimstone Wedding	publisher	Harmony Books
Tales from the Nightside	publisher	Arkham House
No Night Is Too Long	publisher	Viking Press
No Night Is Too Long	publisher	Harmony Books
Asta's Book	publisher	Viking Press
Asta's Book	publisher	Harmony Books
Gallowglass	publisher	Viking Press
Gallowglass	publisher	Harmony Books
Blooded on Arachne	publisher	Arkham House
The Darkling	publisher	Arkham House
Knights of the Temple II	publisher	Playlogic Entertainment
Knights of the Temple II	publisher	TDK Mediactive
The Solar Pons Omnibus	publisher	Arkham House
Exerion	publisher	Jaleco/TaitoHAMSTER Corporation
Michael Andretti's Indy Car Challenge	publisher	Blue Planet Software
Sociological Theory	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Possessed	publisher	Cliffhanger
Rails Across America	publisher	Strategy First
Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way	publisher	St. Martin's Press imprint of Thomas Dunne Books
X-Squad	publisher	EA Games
O'Leary Manager 2000	publisher	Ubisoft
The House of the Wolf	publisher	Arkham House
Tolkien Studies	publisher	West Virginia University Press
The Wind from a Burning Woman	publisher	Arkham House
The Siege of Macindaw	publisher	Random House
One Winter in Eden	publisher	Arkham House
Watchers at the Strait Gate	publisher	Arkham House
Who Made Stevie Crye%3F	publisher	Arkham House
Lovecraft's Book	publisher	Arkham House
The New Believers	publisher	Cassell Illustrated
XII Stag	publisher	Triangle Service
XII Stag	publisher	Eurosoft
The Good Guy	publisher	Bantam Books
Tales of the Quintana Roo	publisher	Arkham House
Thrice Upon a Time	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dreams of Dark and Light: The Great Short Fiction of Tanith Lee	publisher	Arkham House
Holy Beast Online	publisher	
Holy Beast Online	publisher	
Holy Beast Online	publisher	
Holy Beast Online	publisher	
Holy Beast Online	publisher	
Game Wars	publisher	Viking Penguin
The Jaguar Hunter	publisher	Arkham House
Polyphemus	publisher	Arkham House
A Rendezvous in Averoigne	publisher	Arkham House
Memories of the Space Age	publisher	Arkham House
Crystal Express	publisher	Arkham House
Legend	publisher	The Software Toolworks
Battlestations: Midway	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Battlestations: Midway	publisher	Feral Interactive
Man vs Beast	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Hammer Heads	publisher	PopCap Games
The Innocent	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Innocent	publisher	Doubleday
Pitfall 3D: Beyond the Jungle	publisher	Activision
Pitfall 3D: Beyond the Jungle	publisher	Crave Entertainment
What Am I Doing Here	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Holy Sinner	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Gravity's Angels	publisher	Arkham House
Dr. Kotō Shinryōjo	publisher	Shogakukan
Lord Kelvin's Machine	publisher	Arkham House
Special Assignments	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Meeting in Infinity	publisher	Arkham House
Contact Sam Cruise	publisher	Microsphere
The Higher Power of Lucky	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Aliens of Earth	publisher	Arkham House
Alone with the Horrors: The Great Short Fiction of Ramsey Campbell 1961–1991	publisher	Arkham House
Flotsam	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Boundaries of the Mind	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Breath of Suspension	publisher	Arkham House
Miscellaneous Writings	publisher	Arkham House
Synthesis & Other Virtual Realities	publisher	Arkham House
Journal of the West	publisher	ABC-CLIO
Zynaps	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Wildlife Tycoon: Venture Africa	publisher	Pocketwatch Games, MumboJumbo
The Man Who Evolved	publisher	Gernsback Publications
Flight of the Old Dog	publisher	Donald I. Fine
Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television	publisher	Grove Press
Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies	publisher	Arkham House
Gideon's Day	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Voyages by Starlight	publisher	Arkham House
So Far from the Bamboo Grove	publisher	William Morrow
By the North Gate	publisher	Vanguard Press
The Falling Torch	publisher	Pyramid Books
Across Five Aprils	publisher	Follett Corporation
Man of Earth	publisher	Ballantine Books
Lovecraft Remembered	publisher	Arkham House
New Horizons	publisher	Arkham House
Dragonfly	publisher	Arkham House
Sixty Years of Arkham House	publisher	Arkham House
Champions World Class Soccer	publisher	Flying Edge
Champions World Class Soccer	publisher	Acclaim
In the Stone House	publisher	Arkham House
Tolkien: A Look Behind %22The Lord of the Rings%22	publisher	Ballantine Books
Rokudenashi Blues	publisher	Shueisha
My Losing Season	publisher	Doubleday
Amen Corner	publisher	Poisoned Pen Press
Rolo to the Rescue	publisher	Electronic Arts
Short Trips: Dalek Empire	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Winding Paths	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Photographs and Notebooks	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Anatomy of Restlessness	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Arkham's Masters of Horror	publisher	Arkham House
The Book of General Ignorance	publisher	Faber and Faber
Godzilla: Unleashed	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Santiago: a Myth of the Far Future	publisher	Tor Books
The Immortals	publisher	Roc
De Pers	publisher	Cornelis van den Berg
Video Life	publisher	CommaVid
The Puppet Designer	publisher	Schott Music
Zulu Heart	publisher	Warner Aspect
Tutunamayanlar	publisher	İletişim Yayınları
The Great Pyramid Robbery	publisher	Voyager Books
Strawberry Shake Sweet	publisher	Sun Magazine
Strawberry Shake Sweet	publisher	Ichijinsha
Crackdown	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Foundations of the Nineteenth Century	publisher	London, New York, John Lane
The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life	publisher	Firefly Books
The Long Tomorrow	publisher	Doubleday
Guide Magazine	publisher	Apollo C. Quiboloy
Flappy	publisher	dB-Soft
Puyo Puyo! 15th Anniversary	publisher	Sega
Boyhood: Scenes from Provincial Life	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Over the Hedge	publisher	Activision
Down There on a Visit	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Selected Letters of Clark Ashton Smith	publisher	Arkham House
The Cleansing	publisher	Arkham House
The Far Side of Nowhere	publisher	Arkham House
Book of the Dead	publisher	Arkham House
Mindanao Pulse	publisher	Elmer Yaun
Cave of a Thousand Tales	publisher	Arkham House
Mindanao Post	publisher	Elena Baron
Optical Review	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Babylon Game	publisher	Voyager Books
Rome: Total War: Barbarian Invasion	publisher	Sega
Vocabulario manual de las lenguas castellana y mexicana	publisher	Various
Driver 76	publisher	Ubisoft
The Dawkins Delusion%3F	publisher	Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge
I Am the Great Horse	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Spellfall	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Cleopatra Curse	publisher	HarperCollins
The Colossus Crisis	publisher	HarperCollins
The Olympic Conspiracy	publisher	HarperCollins
The Mausoleum Murder	publisher	Voyager Books
The Amazon Temple Quest	publisher	Voyager Books
Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories	publisher	HarperCollins
While the Light Lasts and Other Stories	publisher	HarperCollins
Filthy Rich	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Jane Austen Book Club	publisher	Putnam Adult
Time Cat: The Remarkable Journeys of Jason and Gareth	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Masters of the Wild	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Song and Silence	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Industry Giant II	publisher	JoWood Productions
Occult Crimes Taskforce	publisher	12
World Combat	publisher	Konami
Return to Dark Castle	publisher	
Dropzone	publisher	U.S. Gold
Dropzone	publisher	Mindscape
The Menomonee Falls Guardian	publisher	Street Enterprises
Gangsters 2	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Gangsters 2	publisher	Trymedia Systems Inc.
A Struggle for Rome	publisher	Breitopf & Härtel, Leipzig
Devil Fish	publisher	Artic Electronics
Imperial Life in the Emerald City	publisher	Alfred A Knopf
Orange Pocket	publisher	Softgarage
After...	publisher	Ciel
After...	publisher	Pionesoft
The House of Morgan	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Judith	publisher	Cassell & Co.
Life 102	publisher	Prelude Press, Los Angeles
Kaze no Uta	publisher	Milk Soft
The Separation	publisher	Scholastic Press
Memories of the Irish-Israeli War	publisher	New Futurist Books
Damnation Crusade	publisher	Boom! Studios
Die Feuerzangenbowle	publisher	Droste Verlag
Kujibiki Unbalance: Kaichō Onegai Smash Fight	publisher	Marvelous Interactive
The Hills Have Eyes: The Beginning	publisher	Fox Atomic Comics
The Menomonee Falls Gazette	publisher	Street Enterprises
In Re: Sherlock Holmes	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Bonjour paresse	publisher	Editions Michalon
Close Combat: A Bridge Too Far	publisher	Microsoft
Carnacki, the Ghost-Finder	publisher	Eveleigh Nash, Mycroft & Moran
The Eugenics Wars: The Rise and Fall of Khan Noonien Singh	publisher	Pocket Books
House of Sand and Fog	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Memoirs of Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Three Problems for Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Return of Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Cat Who Could Read Backwards	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Journal of Applied Physics	publisher	American Institute of Physics
The Catalogue of the Universe	publisher	J. M. Dent
Electronics Letters	publisher	Institution of Engineering and Technology
The Man Within	publisher	Heinemann
Journal of Physics B	publisher	IOP Publishing
Journal of Physics A	publisher	Institute of Physics
Saint October	publisher	Mag Garden
The Reminiscences of Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Casebook of Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Ultima Online: Stygian Abyss	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sea Hunters: True Adventures with Famous Shipwrecks	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Gruffalo's Child	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Sea Hunters II	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Princess Diaries, Volume III: Princess in Love	publisher	HarperCollins
Stormblade	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Chattery Teeth	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Advances in Applied Clifford Algebras	publisher	Birkhäuser Verlag
The Phantom-Fighter	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Michigan Quarterly Review	publisher	University of Michigan
The Omega Stone	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Williams Arcade's Greatest Hits	publisher	Williams
Williams Arcade's Greatest Hits	publisher	Tiger
First Samurai	publisher	Image Works
First Samurai	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment Software
First Samurai	publisher	Kotobuki System Co., Ltd.
Love	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Grab Hands and Run	publisher	HarperTrophy
Best of the Best: Championship Karate	publisher	Electro Brain
Tecmo Super Bowl III: Final Edition	publisher	Tecmo
M.U.S.H.A.	publisher	Sega
M.U.S.H.A.	publisher	Naxat Soft
Arcade's Greatest Hits: The Atari Collection 1	publisher	Midway Games
The Brainies	publisher	Titus Software
The Goa Inquisition	publisher	Bombay University Press
Naked Economics	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Doom Brigade	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Reading Like a Writer	publisher	HarperCollins
Darkest Hour	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A field guide to the birds of Hawaii and the Tropical Pacific	publisher	Princeton University Press
Universe at War: Earth Assault	publisher	Sega
Optics Communications	publisher	North-Holland Pub. Co.
Remote	publisher	Kodansha
Cluster Computing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Love Com	publisher	Shueisha
Animals of the Bible	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Mei Li	publisher	Doubleday
Abraham Lincoln	publisher	Doubleday, Doran
The Rooster Crows	publisher	Simon & Schuster
White Snow, Bright Snow	publisher	Lothrop, Lee & Sheperd Books
The Big Snow	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Song of the Swallows	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Finders Keepers	publisher	Harcourt Education
Madeline's Rescue	publisher	Viking Press
Cinderella, or the Little Glass Slipper	publisher	Scribner Press
Frog Went A-Courtin'	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Nine Days to Christmas	publisher	Viking Press
Once a Mouse	publisher	Scribner Press
One Fine Day	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Story a Story	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Funny Little Woman	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Baboushka and the Three Kings	publisher	Parnassus Press
The Ramsay Scallop	publisher	HarperTrophy
Duffy and the Devil	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Noah's Ark	publisher	Doubleday
The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses	publisher	Bradbury Press, Simon & Schuster
Fables	publisher	Harper & Row
Shadow	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Hey, Al	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Saint George and the Dragon	publisher	Little, Brown
The Glorious Flight	publisher	Viking Press
Lon Po Po	publisher	Penguin Books
Black and White	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Tuesday	publisher	Clarion Books
Grandfather's Journey	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Three Pigs	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Rapunzel	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
Snowflake Bentley	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
My Friend Rabbit	publisher	Roaring Brook Press and Millbrook Press
Body Alchemy	publisher	Cleis Press
The Barnum Museum	publisher	Poseidon Press
The Beasts of Tarzan	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Shaun Palmer's Pro Snowboarder	publisher	Activision
Tarzan the Terrible	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Jungle Tales of Tarzan	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar	publisher	A. C. McClurg
The Son of Tarzan	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Tarzan and the Golden Lion	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Tarzan the Invincible	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan Triumphant	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the City of Gold	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the Leopard Men	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the Lost Empire	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Tarzan at the Earth's Core	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Tarzan's Quest	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the Forbidden City	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the Lion Man	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan the Magnificent	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the Foreign Legion	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Tarzan and the Madman	publisher	Canaveral Press
Tarzan and the Castaways	publisher	Canaveral Press
Dungeonscape	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Batman: Two Faces	publisher	DC Comics
The Ice House	publisher	Pan Books
International Review of Intellectual Property and Competition Law	publisher	Max Planck Institute for Intellectual Property, Competition and Tax Law
Messiah	publisher	HarperCollins
Dynasty Warriors: Gundam	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Super Mouse	publisher	Taito
Improvement Era	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Dandelion Girl	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Dame Was Loaded	publisher	Philips Interactive Media
The Adventures of Down Under Dan	publisher	PowerVision
Firstborn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Ribsy	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography	publisher	HarperSanFrancisco
Bad Company	publisher	Kodansha
Fatherland	publisher	Hutchinson
After Burner: Black Falcon	publisher	Sega
Elseworld's Finest: Supergirl & Batgirl	publisher	DC Comics
They Shoot Horses, Don't They%3F	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Phantom Public	publisher	Transaction Publishers
Corridor	publisher	Raffles, SNP
Lebensmittel-Wissenschaft & Technologie	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Swiss Society of Food Science and Technology and the International Union of Food Science and Technology
Cut	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Sword and Fist	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Tome and Blood	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Nightmare Factory	publisher	Fox Atomic Comics
Tread Softly in This Place	publisher	Cassell & Co.
War World	publisher	Third Wave Games,
War World	publisher	Flashman Studios
War World	publisher	,
War World	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Earth Defense Force 2017	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Scold's Bridle	publisher	Pan Books
The Dark Room	publisher	Pan Books
The Echo	publisher	Pan Books
The Tinder Box	publisher	Pan Books
The Shape of Snakes	publisher	Pan Books
Disordered Minds	publisher	Pan Books
The Devil's Feather	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Chickenfeed	publisher	Pan Books
Heartlight	publisher	X LanD Computer Games
Heartlight	publisher	Epic MegaGames
The Dragon and the George	publisher	Doubleday
The Dragon Knight	publisher	Tor Books
Fishing Master	publisher	Hudson Soft
Kamen Rider Spirits	publisher	Kodansha
GURPS Bestiary	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Sino-Platonic Papers	publisher	Department of East Asian Languages and Civilizations, University of Pennsylvania
When Prophecy Fails	publisher	Harper-Torchbooks
Hour of Victory	publisher	Midway Games
Everyone Worth Knowing	publisher	Downtown Press
Hussar's Picture Book	publisher	Indiana University
Rakka Ryūsui	publisher	Houbunsha
Agent USA	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
TMNT	publisher	Ubisoft
TMNT	publisher	Game Factory Interactive
TMNT	publisher	Russobit-M
Hyperball	publisher	Superior Software
First Kiss Story II	publisher	Broccoli, Arcadia Entertainer
First Kiss Story	publisher	NEC-HE
First Kiss Story	publisher	Human
The City Beneath	publisher	Caravel Games
Diario: Rebirth Moon Legend	publisher	Idea Factory
New Oxford Book of Australian Verse	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Paper Bag Princess	publisher	Annick Press
American Journal of Public Health	publisher	American Public Health Association
Nature Protocols	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Driver's Seat	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me	publisher	Random House
Major League Baseball 2K8	publisher	2
The Fairy Godmother	publisher	LUNA Books
3D Ultra Minigolf	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Zig Zag	publisher	Hakusensha
Revolution in the Head	publisher	Fourth Estate
Revolution in the Head	publisher	Random House
The Garden	publisher	Royal Horticultural Society
Celtic Kings: Rage of War	publisher	Strategy First
Celtic Kings: Rage of War	publisher	Wanadoo Edition
Celtic Kings: Rage of War	publisher	FX Interactive
FIELD	publisher	Oberlin College
Michigan Telecommunications and Technology Law Review	publisher	University of Michigan Law School
Affinity	publisher	Virago
Lover	publisher	Daughters, Inc.
TriQuarterly	publisher	Northwestern University
Sled Storm	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Three Witch Maidens	publisher	The Hamlyn Publishing Group Ltd.
All-Pro Football 2K8	publisher	2
A Praed Street Dossier	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Millstone	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Coroner's Pidgin	publisher	William Heinemann
More Work for the Undertaker	publisher	William Heinemann
The Tiger in the Smoke	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Beckoning Lady	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Metroland	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume I: The Pox Party	publisher	Candlewick Press
The Night Watch	publisher	Virago
BlackSite: Area 51	publisher	Midway Games
Savage Night	publisher	Lion Books
Island	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Island	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Klonoa Beach Volleyball	publisher	Namco
Grotesque	publisher	Harvill Secker
New York Race	publisher	MC2 France
A Perfect Night to Go to China	publisher	Thomas Allen Publishers
The History of The Hobbit	publisher	HarperCollins in the UK Houghton Mifflin in the USA
Hellboy: Seed of Destruction	publisher	Legend
The King of Attolia	publisher	Greenwillow Books/ HarperCollins
Sons	publisher	John Day Company
Nations and Nationalism	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Boulevard	publisher	Saint Louis University
3 Ninjas Kick Back	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
First Queen	publisher	Culture Brain
The In-Between World of Vikram Lall	publisher	Doubleday Canada
All That Matters	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Paper Shadows	publisher	Viking Penguin
Wisconsin Murders	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Andrews University Seminary Studies	publisher	Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary
Andrews University Seminary Studies	publisher	Andrews University Press
The Englishman's Boy	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Exploits of Chevalier Dupin	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Physics of Basketball	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Superman vol. 2	publisher	DC Comics
Generation Kill	publisher	Putnam Adult
Battle Arena Nitoshinden	publisher	Takara
Crooked Little Vein	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Rise: The Vieneo Province	publisher	unistellar-industries-llc
The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Mr. Fairlie's Final Journey	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
Keeper	publisher	Walker Books
GURPS Runal	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
La Anam	publisher	Dar al-Qalam
The Ultimate Stuntman	publisher	Camerica
Tamar	publisher	Walker Books
The Penalty	publisher	Walker Books
Number Seven, Queer Street	publisher	Robert Hale
Letters of Insurgents	publisher	Black and Red Press
Letters of Insurgents	publisher	Left Bank Books
The Chronicles of Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
AGNI	publisher	Boston University
Gastronomica	publisher	University of California Press
Prince Zaleski and Cummings King Monk	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Final Adventures of Solar Pons	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Divine Folly	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
God and the New Physics	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Treasure Quest	publisher	Sirius Publishing Inc.
The Enchanted Cat	publisher	Dean and Wolf
In Lovecraft's Shadow	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Original Text Solar Pons Omnibus Edition	publisher	Mycroft & Moran
The Wailing Wind	publisher	Harper Collins
Kitty Norville	publisher	Warner Books
Kitty Norville	publisher	Little, Brown
Kitty Norville	publisher	Tor Books
Blue Wizard Is About To Die!	publisher	Rusty Immelman Press
The Art of Fiction: A Guide for Writers and Readers	publisher	Plume
Dewy's Adventure	publisher	Konami
Parnassus	publisher	Poetry in Review Foundation
Fairest	publisher	HarperCollins
The Public and its Problems	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Nanatsuiro Drops	publisher	Enterbrain
Nanatsuiro Drops	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Nanatsuiro Drops	publisher	MediaWorks
Sharra's Exile	publisher	DAW Books
Breakers	publisher	Visco, SNK
Survey Research Methods	publisher	European Survey Research Association
Grimm Fairy Tales	publisher	Zenescope Entertainment
Joseph Smith: The Making of a Prophet	publisher	Signature Books
Need for Speed: ProStreet	publisher	Electronic Arts
Need for Speed: ProStreet	publisher	EA Mobile
The Dean's December	publisher	Harper & Row
A Theft	publisher	Penguin Group
The Bellarosa Connection	publisher	Penguin Books
Chew Man Fu	publisher	Hudson Soft
Chew Man Fu	publisher	NEC
Chew Man Fu	publisher	Konami
Double Dungeons	publisher	NEC
The Actual	publisher	Viking Press
The Actual	publisher	Penguin Books
Zuckerman Unbound	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Book of Challenges	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Beezus and Ramona	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Tales from Moominvalley	publisher	Gebers
The Poorhouse Fair	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Toxic Bunny	publisher	Vision Software
Toxic Bunny	publisher	SoftKey
Brazil	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane	publisher	Candlewick Press
Gallows Thief	publisher	HarperCollins
In the Grip of Winter	publisher	Hutchinson
Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party	publisher	Konami
Life Together	publisher	Christian Kaiser Verlag
Journal of Legislation	publisher	Notre Dame Law School
Warriors Orochi	publisher	Koei
Cast Two Shadows	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
An Acquaintance with Darkness	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
A Ride into Morning	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Recording the Beatles	publisher	Curvebender Publishing
Journal of Clinical Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Talk of the Town	publisher	Sceptre
The Sword of Hope II	publisher	Kemco
Among the Believers	publisher	André Deutsch
Hurricane Punch	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hurricane Punch	publisher	HarperCollins
Life Studies	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Dangerous Transmission	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The Mills of The Kavanaughs	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Lord Weary's Castle	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Social Forces	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Harrow	publisher	Dru Pagliassotti
The Tale of Two Bad Mice	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Offroad Thunder	publisher	Midway Games
Festivals	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The American Century: Varieties of Culture in Modern Times	publisher	HarperCollins
Twilight in the Forbidden City	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Cheetah Girls	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Tenshi Ja Nai!!	publisher	Akita Shoten
Cold Tom	publisher	Oxford University Press
MiG Alley	publisher	Empire Interactive
Chaos Flare	publisher	Shinkigensha
Rally Fusion: Race of Champions	publisher	Activision
The Constant Princess	publisher	Touchstone
Peter and the Secret of Rundoon	publisher	Hyperion Books
Dreamland: A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Nation	publisher	Mál og menning, Reykjavík
Dreamland: A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Nation	publisher	Citizen Press Ltd. London
One China, Many Paths	publisher	Verso
Study War No More	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Rocky Legends	publisher	Ubisoft
Zwrot	publisher	PZKO
Dark Cloud	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Omnivore's Dilemma	publisher	The Penguin Press
JumpStart Typing	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
JumpStart Adventures 3rd Grade: Mystery Mountain	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
JumpStart Adventures 4th Grade: Haunted Island	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
JumpStart Adventures 4th Grade: Sapphire Falls	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Dumbing Us Down	publisher	New Society Publishers
Master Takahashi's Adventure Island IV	publisher	Hudson Soft
Underground Voices	publisher	Cetywa Powell
From Where We Stand	publisher	Fearon Publishers, Lear Siegler, Inc., Education Division.  Library of Congress Catalog Card Number: 73-116372.
Boong-Ga Boong-Ga	publisher	TaffSystem
Le Petit Journal	publisher	Moïse Polydore Millaud
Mosaic in Green	publisher	External Publicity Wing, Ministry of Information, Bangladesh
Zybex	publisher	Zeppelin Games
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Sacred Depths of Nature	publisher	Oxford University Press
Pinball FX	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Fur	publisher	Fremantle Arts Centre Press
Hop-Frog	publisher	The Flag of Our Union
Arabian Nights and Days	publisher	Doubleday
Molecular Systems Biology	publisher	EMBO press on behalf of the European Molecular Biology Organization
A Taste for Death	publisher	Faber and Faber
In Evil Hour	publisher	Premio Literario Esso
In Evil Hour	publisher	Harper & Row
Of Love and Other Demons	publisher	Grupo Editorial Norma
Of Love and Other Demons	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
SwordThrust	publisher	CE Software
Surviving the Applewhites	publisher	HarperCollins
Party Mix	publisher	Starpath
The Africa House	publisher	Viking Penguin
Waxworks	publisher	Molimerx
The Last Days	publisher	Razorbill
Epoch	publisher	Cornell University
Sangokushi	publisher	Ushio Shuppansha
North Amerikkkan Blues	publisher	Angelus Press
The Iowa Review	publisher	University of Iowa
Dreamspeaker	publisher	Avon
New Letters	publisher	University of Missouri–Kansas City
Miracle at Philadelphia	publisher	Little, Brown
Undead and Unappreciated	publisher	Berkley
Undead and Unwed	publisher	Berkley
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience	publisher	ABC-CLIO
A Cage of Butterflies	publisher	University of Queensland Press
The Girl Next Door	publisher	Warner Books, Overlook Connection Press, Leisure Books, Amazon Kindle
Cartoon Network Racing	publisher	The Game Factory
Don't Go Near the Water	publisher	Random House
Death by Black Hole	publisher	W.W. Norton
Pigeon Feathers and Other Stories	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
This Law of Ours and Other Essays	publisher	Dar Al-Andalus
Ratking	publisher	Faber and Faber
Vendetta	publisher	Faber and Faber
Cabal	publisher	Faber and Faber
Dead Lagoon	publisher	Faber and Faber
Cosi Fan Tutti	publisher	Faber and Faber
A Long Finish	publisher	Faber and Faber
Blood Rain	publisher	Faber and Faber
And Then You Die	publisher	Faber and Faber
Medusa	publisher	Faber and Faber
Back to Bologna	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Journal of Abnormal Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Salaryman Kintarō	publisher	Shueisha
Mister Tinker in Oz	publisher	Random House
Vision Quest	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers; New Ed edition
C: Assault with a Battery	publisher	Mattel
Mutation Nation	publisher	SNK Playmore
Big Top	publisher	Funtastic, Inc.
Master Miner	publisher	Funtastic, Inc.
The Boo	publisher	McClure Press
Milkweed	publisher	HarperTrophy
The God Beneath the Sea	publisher	Longman
Tainaron	publisher	SanomaWSOY
The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Gobbler	publisher	On-Line Systems
The O'Reilly Factor for Kids	publisher	HarperEntertainment
Ancient Empires	publisher	Macrospace
Ancient Empires	publisher	Sorrent
Beasts	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers
If Rock & Roll Were a Machine	publisher	Eastern Washington University Press; New Release
Scottish Medical Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Short-Tempered Melancholic	publisher	Shueisha
Party Going	publisher	Hogarth Press
Moebius: The Orb of Celestial Harmony	publisher	Brøderbund
Slayers Wonderful	publisher	Banpresto
Mainichi Kaasan	publisher	Mainichi Shimbun
Band of Bugs	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The IQ Controversy, the Media and Public Policy	publisher	Transaction Books
The Hobbit	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Encyclopedia of China	publisher	Encyclopedia of China Publishing House
Break No Bones	publisher	William Heinemann London
The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie	publisher	Pan Macmillan Publishers Australia Pty Limited
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Blackwater: The Rise of the World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army	publisher	Nation Books
Space Station Tycoon	publisher	Namco Bandai
Attentatet i Pålsjö skog	publisher	Gerdins
Attentatet i Pålsjö skog	publisher	Wahlström & Widstrand
The Hammer of Eden	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Surf's Up	publisher	Ubisoft
Surf's Up	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
The Ultimate Resource	publisher	Princeton University Press
L'Hebdo	publisher	Ringier
Ultimate Ride	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Syphon Filter	publisher	989
Clean Break	publisher	Doubleday
Double Act	publisher	Yearling Books
Double Act	publisher	Doubleday
Double Act	publisher	Corgi
The Last September	publisher	Constable & Co Ltd
Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs	publisher	Microsoft
A New Life	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Cudahy
New York University Law Review	publisher	New York University School of Law
Extras	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Gettysburg Review	publisher	Gettysburg College
The Fabric of Reality	publisher	Viking Adult
Clandestiny	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Bus Gamer	publisher	Ichijinsha
Cathy's Book	publisher	Running Press
CyberJudas	publisher	Merit Studios
Pukupuku Natural Circular Notice	publisher	Shogakukan
Elsewhere	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
The Six Sacred Stones	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Super Rub 'a' Dub	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Kent Messenger	publisher	KM Group
The Bachelors	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Phonogram	publisher	Image Comics
The Harper Hall Trilogy	publisher	Doubleday
Indulekha	publisher	Spectator Achukoodam
1824: The Arkansas War	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Playmaker	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton, England and Australia
Severance: Blade of Darkness	publisher	Codemasters
Great Invasions	publisher	Nobilis in Europe, to be published in North America by Strategy First.
Break Shot	publisher	Kodansha
The Pirates of Pompeii	publisher	Orion Books
Pivot	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dance! Online	publisher	Acclaim Games
The Dark Tower	publisher	Marvel Comics
Past Present	publisher	Wise Publications
Cien Sonetos de Amor	publisher	Editorial Losada
The Jupiter Theft	publisher	Del Rey Books
Spell Wars	publisher	Element Books
Garden of the Purple Dragon	publisher	Black Dog Books
A Breed of Heroes	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Bigs	publisher	2
Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer	publisher	2
Honey Bitter	publisher	Shueisha
Cocoto Magic Circus	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Cocoto Magic Circus	publisher	BigBen Interactive
City on Fire	publisher	HarperPrism
Beowulf and the Critics	publisher	Arizona State University
Strike Witches	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Book of Fantasy	publisher	Editorial Sudamericana; Viking Penguin Inc.; Xanadu Publications Limited
Anarky	publisher	DC Comics
Tarzan: The Lost Adventure	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins	publisher	Canaveral Press
Sola	publisher	MediaWorks
Take No Prisoners	publisher	Red Orb Entertainment
The Dark Arena	publisher	Random House
Black Fox of Lorne	publisher	Doubleday
American Alpine Journal	publisher	American Alpine Club
Long Way Down	publisher	Atria Books
Fire, Bed, and Bone	publisher	Walker Books
The Battle of Evernight	publisher	Warner Aspect, a division of Time Warner U.S.A.
Tom Clancy's ruthless.com	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Colony 7	publisher	Taito Corporation
Gods and Pawns	publisher	Tor Books
Oi! Ryoma	publisher	Shogakukan
River of Gods	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Formula One Championship Edition	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa	publisher	Activision
Empty Cities of the Full Moon	publisher	Penguin Putnam Inc.
Tom Clancy's Op-Center	publisher	Berkley Books
Overcoming Autism	publisher	Viking Adult and Penguin
Banana Prince	publisher	Takarahatar negrer
I of the Dragon	publisher	Strategy First
Duty and Desire	publisher	Wytherngate Press
Duty and Desire	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Sharpe's Honour	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Draim arena	publisher	Draim
Hideyuki Kikuchi's Vampire Hunter D	publisher	Media Factory
Fluid	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Floodland	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Our Crowd	publisher	Harper & Row
The Wolf Leader	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Enemy Coast Ahead	publisher	Michael Joseph
Big Brain Academy: Wii Degree	publisher	Nintendo
Hothouse	publisher	Faber and Faber
Divided Kingdom	publisher	Vintage Books
Dubin's Lives	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Ghost Rider	publisher	2
Making Comics	publisher	William Morrow Paperbacks
Making Comics	publisher	HarperCollins
The Art of Fiction	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Wild Fermentation	publisher	Chelsea Green Publishing
A Cold Case	publisher	Picador
The Scandal of Scientology	publisher	Tower Publications
The Counterlife	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Murder in the Cassava Patch	publisher	Ducor Publishing House, Monrovia
Philadelphia Gay News	publisher	Mark Segal
Organometallics	publisher	American Chemical Society
Academic Matters	publisher	Ontario Confederation of University Faculty Associations
Eve: The Second Genesis	publisher	CCP Games
Eve: The Second Genesis	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Guide	publisher	Pacific Press Publishing Association
Casper	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Casper	publisher	Natsume
Casper	publisher	Microïds  WizardWorks Software
Umanità Nova	publisher	c/o la coop. Tipolitografica, via S. Piero 13/A 54033 Carrara
Shadowrun: The Trading Card Game	publisher	FASA Corporation
S · A: Special A	publisher	Hakusensha
Lost City Radio	publisher	HarperCollins
Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Mirror Image	publisher	Berkley Books
Nicktoons Winners Cup Racing	publisher	ValuSoft
A Murder in Virginia	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Robotech: Prelude to the Shadow Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
Robotech: Prelude to the Shadow Chronicles	publisher	Wildstorm
Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords	publisher	D3 Publisher
Everybody Votes Channel	publisher	Nintendo
Gemstone Warrior	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Three Times Carlin	publisher	Disney Hyperion
The Looking-Glass	publisher	Random House
The Looking-Glass	publisher	Victor Gollancz Limited
JumpStart Advanced 2nd Grade	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
JumpStart 2nd Grade	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
JumpStart Adventures 5th Grade: Jo Hammet, Kid Detective	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Inside Scientology: How I Joined Scientology and Became Superhuman	publisher	Olympia Press
Cue Club	publisher	Midas Interactive
Mines of Titan	publisher	Infocom
Brunswick Pro Bowling	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Brunswick Pro Bowling	publisher	505
Brunswick Pro Bowling	publisher	Alliance Digital Media
Glory of the Roman Empire	publisher	CDV and FX Interactive for the Italian and Spanish market
Summer Crossing	publisher	Random House
Satasupe	publisher	Shinkigensha
Satasupe	publisher	Hobbybase
Earth Orbit Stations	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dinosaur World	publisher	BBC
S.L.A.I.: Steel Lancer Arena International	publisher	Genki
Trial Balance: The Collected Short Stories of William March	publisher	Harcourt
9Dragons	publisher	Suba Games
9Dragons	publisher	RedFox Games
9Dragons	publisher	JoongWon Games
9Dragons	publisher	Run Up
9Dragons	publisher	Avrora Interactive
Avengers: The Initiative	publisher	Marvel Comics
Yonie Wondernose	publisher	Doubleday Doran
Picnic, Lightning	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
International Feminist Journal of Politics	publisher	Routledge
The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler	publisher	Faber and Faber
Science Verse	publisher	Viking Press
Math Curse	publisher	Viking Press
John, Paul, George, and Ben	publisher	Hyperion Books
1634: The Bavarian Crisis	publisher	Baen Books
Persian Gulf Inferno	publisher	Innerprise Software
The Black Corsair	publisher	ROH Press
The Black Corsair	publisher	Donath
Woman's Evolution	publisher	Pathfinder Press
The Dinosaur Heresies	publisher	Citadel Press
Fortune's Rocks	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Guerrilla Warfare	publisher	New York: Monthly Review Press
Dragon Knight II	publisher	ELF Corporation
Dragon Knight II	publisher	NEC Avenue
The Medical Letter on Drugs and Therapeutics	publisher	The Medical Letter, Inc.
On Directing Film	publisher	Penguin Books
Nintendo World	publisher	Conrad Editora
Blaze and Blade: Eternal Quest	publisher	THQ
Blaze and Blade: Eternal Quest	publisher	Funsoft
Little Lit	publisher	RAW Junior
Little Lit	publisher	HarperCollins/Joanna Cotler Books
Dancing in the Streets	publisher	Metropolitan Books
To Be a Slave	publisher	Dial Books for Young Readers
Sea Glass	publisher	Little, Brown
The Guild 2	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
The Guild 2	publisher	Deep Silver
Sleeping in Flame	publisher	Doubleday
Last Inning	publisher	Shogakukan
Texas Review of Law and Politics	publisher	University of Texas School of Law
Star Trek: The Kobayashi Alternative	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ruiner Pinball	publisher	Atari
Montana 1948	publisher	Milkweed Editions
Itazura na Kiss	publisher	Shueisha
Highway Hunter	publisher	Safari Software
Dream of Fair to Middling Women	publisher	Grove Press
Telengard	publisher	Avalon Hill
Movmnt	publisher	David Benaym
A Little Green Book of Monster Stories	publisher	Borderlands Press
The Transformers: Megatron Origin	publisher	IDW Publishing
Town of Evening Calm, Country of Cherry Blossoms	publisher	Futabasha
Ecology Letters	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box	publisher	Nintendo
Guilty Gear Petit	publisher	Sega Sammy Holdings
Gregory Horror Show	publisher	Capcom
Kitchen Princess	publisher	Kodansha
Kitchen Princess	publisher	Kodansha
Cruel Shoes	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Swords of Mars	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Batman: The Animated Series	publisher	Konami
High Way Race	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Destiny of Zorro	publisher	505
The Future of Socialism	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Uncle Henry's Playhouse	publisher	Trilobyte
Integrative and Comparative Biology	publisher	Oxford University Press for the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology
The Hunter's Moon	publisher	Amulet Books
Shard of Spring	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Anakin Skywalker	publisher	Scholastic Press
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Darth Maul	publisher	Scholastic Press
Star Wars Journal: Captive to Evil	publisher	Scholastic Press
Star Wars Journal: Hero for Hire	publisher	Scholastic Press
Akumetsu	publisher	Akita Shoten
Star Wars Journal: The Fight for Justice	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Secret in the Old Lace	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Greek Symbol Mystery	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Swami's Ring	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Kachina Doll Mystery	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Twin Dilemma	publisher	Wanderer Books
Captive Witness	publisher	Wanderer Books
The Case of the Rising Stars	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Man Who Changed China	publisher	New York : Crown Publishers.
Looney Tunes Racing	publisher	Infogrames
Food Lover's Companion	publisher	Barron's Educational Series
William Shatner's TekWar	publisher	Capstone Software
Lean Mean Thirteen	publisher	St. Martin's Press
New Adventure Island	publisher	Hudson Soft
Rock Street Journal	publisher	Amit Saigal
The Dream of Rome	publisher	HarperCollins
Red Equinox	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
The Digging Leviathan	publisher	Ace Books
Strider II	publisher	U.S. Gold
Hazed	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Faith Healers	publisher	Prometheus Books
A Long Fatal Love Chase	publisher	Random House
Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Life Before Life	publisher	New York : St. Martin's Press.
Uncle Sam	publisher	Vertigo
Dance Dance Revolution Disney Mix	publisher	Konami
The Mask of Nostradamus	publisher	Prometheus Books
The Truth About Uri Geller	publisher	Prometheus Books
Bucharest Bible of 1688	publisher	Metropolitanate of Bucharest
The Freedom Writers Diary	publisher	Random House
A Melon for Ecstasy	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Miami Nights: Singles in the City	publisher	Nintendo DS:
Miami Nights: Singles in the City	publisher	Ubisoft
Miami Nights: Singles in the City	publisher	J2ME Platform:
Miami Nights: Singles in the City	publisher	Gameloft
No Place Like Home	publisher	Simon & Schuster
One Virgin Too Many	publisher	Century
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	publisher	MIT Press
Ode to a Banker	publisher	Century
Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu	publisher	Atari
Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu	publisher	Bandai
The Accusers	publisher	Arrow Books
The Accusers	publisher	Mysterious Press
Scandal Takes a Holiday	publisher	Century
M.A.C.H.	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The World in the Evening	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Lisp in Small Pieces	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Latitude Zero	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Dark Carnival	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
A Talent for War	publisher	Ace Books
Soul Rescue	publisher	Hakusensha
Starshatter: The Gathering Storm	publisher	Matrix Games
Lego Creator: Knights' Kingdom	publisher	Lego Software
Monster Rancher Advance	publisher	Tecmo
Nosatsu Junkie	publisher	Hakusensha
Pride of Carthage	publisher	Doubleday
Victorian Naturalist	publisher	Field Naturalists Club of Victoria
Gabriel's Story	publisher	Doubleday
Walk Through Darkness	publisher	Doubleday
Why Mommy is a Democrat	publisher	Jeremy Zilber
Sarah	publisher	Bookcraft
Proceedings of SPIE	publisher	SPIE
Metal Black	publisher	Taito
Anarchy Comics	publisher	Last Gasp
Arte de la lengua mexicana	publisher	Bibliotheca Mexicana
In Xanadu	publisher	Penguin Books
Triage	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Battle Tendency	publisher	Shueisha
Diamond Is Unbreakable	publisher	Shueisha
Stone Ocean	publisher	Shueisha
Vento Aureo	publisher	Shueisha
Phantom Blood	publisher	Shueisha
Stardust Crusaders	publisher	Shueisha
Empire Earth III	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Steel Ball Run	publisher	Shueisha
Rosco McQueen Firefighter Extreme	publisher	Psygnosis
Jawbreaker	publisher	Microsoft
Innovative Food Science and Emerging Technologies	publisher	Elsevier
Tokyo Crazy Paradise	publisher	Hakusensha
Ruth	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Acacia: The War with the Mein	publisher	Doubleday
Love-Berrish!	publisher	Shueisha
University of Pennsylvania Journal of Business Law	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Law School
The School Story	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Fire Within	publisher	Orchard Books
The Dissertation	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Rats	publisher	New English Library
Halting State	publisher	Orbit Books
Halting State	publisher	Ace Books
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie	publisher	Bandai
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie	publisher	Sega of America, Inc.
The Amazing Spider-Man Family	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Firebrand	publisher	Amber Quill Press
Planeswalker	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Bloodlines: The Story of Urza's Destiny	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Exile to Hell	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Superman: Last Son of Earth	publisher	DC Comics
The Greatest Asset	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Reading Blaster 2000	publisher	Davidson & Associates
Reading Blaster 2000	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Overkill	publisher	Marvel UK
E	publisher	HarperCollins
Troubles	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Outlaw Tennis	publisher	Global Star Software
Ugly Americans: The True Story of the Ivy League Cowboys Who Raided the Asian Markets for Millions	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Tokaido Road	publisher	Ballantine Books
Mōryō Senki MADARA 2	publisher	Konami
Countdown to Final Crisis	publisher	DC Comics
The Twilight of Atheism	publisher	Doubleday
Edson Leader	publisher	Tyler Waugh
Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy	publisher	Cornell Law School
Clouds Blur the Rainbow	publisher	Political Research Associates
Transformers: Movie Prequel	publisher	IDW Publishing
Planet Puzzle League	publisher	Nintendo
TOCA 2 Touring Cars	publisher	Codemasters
Colin McRae Rally 04	publisher	Codemasters
Jane of Lantern Hill	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2	publisher	Nintendo
Wild Act	publisher	Shogakukan
Marvin's Maze	publisher	SNK Playmore
Old Angel Midnight	publisher	Booklegger
In His Image	publisher	Warner Books
Killing Floor	publisher	Bantam Press
Killing Floor	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Arena Football: Road to Glory	publisher	Electronic Arts
Birth of an Age	publisher	Warner Books
Acts of God	publisher	Warner Books
Die Trying	publisher	Bantam Press
Die Trying	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Caesar's Women	publisher	Avon
Monthly Labor Review	publisher	Bureau of Labor Statistics
Xyphus	publisher	Penguin Software
Luke Skywalker and the Shadows of Mindor	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bambi's Children	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Bambi's Children	publisher	Albert Müller
Spike: Shadow Puppets	publisher	IDW Publishing
Dark Congress	publisher	Pocket Books
Imperial China: 900–1800	publisher	Harvard University Press
My Life in France	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Death in Cyprus	publisher	Staples Press
Knuckle Heads	publisher	Namco
Fool Moon	publisher	Penguin Putnam
Smithsonian	publisher	Smithsonian Institution
Havana Bay	publisher	Random House
The Visitor	publisher	Bantam Press
The Visitor	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Echo Burning	publisher	Bantam Press
Echo Burning	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Without Fail	publisher	Bantam Press
Without Fail	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Persuader	publisher	Bantam Press
Persuader	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Enemy	publisher	Bantam Press
The Enemy	publisher	Dell Publishing
One Shot	publisher	Bantam Press
One Shot	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Hard Way	publisher	Bantam Press
The Hard Way	publisher	Dell Publishing
Bad Luck and Trouble	publisher	Bantam Press
Bad Luck and Trouble	publisher	Dell Publishing
If You Liked School You'll Love Work	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Tripwire	publisher	Bantam Press
Tripwire	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Good Blonde & Others	publisher	Grey Fox Press
Scattered Poems	publisher	City Lights Publishers
The Measure of Our Days	publisher	Viking Adult
Welcome to Tranquility	publisher	Wildstorm
Wing Commander Arena	publisher	Electronic Arts
Junjo Romantica: Pure Romance	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Patience and Sarah	publisher	Ballantine Books
City of Glass	publisher	Avon Books
City of Glass	publisher	Picador
Applied Physics B	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Applied Physics A	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
It's a Bird	publisher	Vertigo Comics
It's a Bird	publisher	DC Comics
Baja Destruction	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Baja Mania	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Genesis Rising: The Universal Crusade	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica	publisher	Softbank Creative
Dreamlords	publisher	LockPick Entertainment, Paradox interactive , gamigo AG , Akella
Mastering the Universe	publisher	Emmis Books
International Journal of Theoretical Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Mad Dash Racing	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Frogs	publisher	Sega
Frogs	publisher	Gremlin Industries
The Complete Stories of Franz Kafka	publisher	Schocken Books
Starry Nights	publisher	Penguin Books
Slavic Review	publisher	Association for Slavic, East European, and Eurasian Studies
The Prefect	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Penumbra: Overture	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Fur-Fish-Game	publisher	A. R. Harding, Columbus, Ohio
Biko	publisher	Henry Holt & Company
Pot-Bouille	publisher	Charpentier
British Journal of Surgery	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Between Two Worlds	publisher	Viking Press
The Waiting Place	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Winged Pharaoh	publisher	Arthur Barker
Lady Knight	publisher	Random House
Dingo	publisher	Fasquelle
Already Dead	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Tokyo Zodiac Murders	publisher	IBC Publishing
The Swarm	publisher	Regan Books
Insight Journal	publisher	Insight Software Consortium
Byzantium Endures	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Jar of Fools	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
End Time	publisher	AK Press
NCAA Football 08	publisher	EA Sports
Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi	publisher	Eyre
Jane's Attack Squadron	publisher	Xicat Interactive
My Son the Fanatic	publisher	Faber and Faber
Dynasty Warriors Vol. 2	publisher	Koei
Ganbare Genki	publisher	Shogakukan
The League of Frightened Men	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
The Hydrofoil Mystery	publisher	Viking Press
Tamerlane and Other Poems	publisher	Calvin F. S. Thomas
The Rubber Band	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
The Red Box	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Emergency Mayhem	publisher	Codemasters
Where There's a Will	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Black Orchids	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes	publisher	THQ
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes	publisher	Altron
Iliria Post	publisher	Ramë Maraj
Sorry!	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Too Many Women	publisher	Viking Press
The Mighty Orinoco	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy	publisher	Verso
Trouble in Triplicate	publisher	Viking Press
Transformers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Transformers	publisher	IDW Publishing
Midnight at the Well of Souls	publisher	Del Rey Books
Stadium Events	publisher	Bandai
Tamagotchi: Party On!	publisher	Namco Bandai
Dark Prince	publisher	Dorchester Publishing
Kafka Americana	publisher	Subterranean Press
Camilla Dickinson	publisher	Simon & Schuster
And Both Were Young	publisher	Lothrop, Lee & Shepard
Contemplation	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
The Penal Colony: Stories and Short Pieces	publisher	Schocken Books
The Great Wall of China	publisher	Gustav Kiepenheuer Verlag
Parables and Paradoxes	publisher	Schocken Books
Confessor	publisher	Tor Books
JaJaMaru: Ninpō Chō	publisher	Jaleco
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy	publisher	Elsevier
Maru's Mission	publisher	Jaleco
Quest for the Well of Souls	publisher	Del Rey Books
Exiles at the Well of Souls	publisher	Del Rey Books
Spring Fire	publisher	Gold Medal Books
The Lonely Londoners	publisher	Longmans
The Lonely Londoners	publisher	St Martin's Press
Red Nails	publisher	Berkley Books
Empress of the World	publisher	Penguin Books
The People of the Black Circle	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Fight Fever	publisher	Viccom
Fight Fever	publisher	SNK Playmore
Down Under	publisher	Doubleday
Raritan	publisher	Rutgers University
They Marched Into Sunlight	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Love Among the Walnuts	publisher	Harcourt
Ganso JaJaMaru-kun	publisher	Jaleco
Gex	publisher	BMG Interactive
Second Chance	publisher	Random House
The Raw Shark Texts	publisher	Canongate Books
The Raw Shark Texts	publisher	HarperCollins
Pimpernel and Rosemary	publisher	Cassell & Co, London
The House on the Strand	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Long River Review	publisher	University of Connecticut
NASCAR 08	publisher	EA Sports
Sword of the Stars: Born of Blood	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Sword of the Stars: Born of Blood	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
The Public Historian	publisher	University of California Press
Shadow Squadron	publisher	Sega
Cheeky Mouse	publisher	Aruze
Parents	publisher	Meredith Corporation
The Ugly Swans	publisher	Macmillan in U.S.,
The Ugly Swans	publisher	unpublished in USSR until 1987
Worms	publisher	Xbox Live Arcade
Worms	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Worms	publisher	PlayStation Network
Worms	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Worms	publisher	iOS
Worms	publisher	Team17
Moon Whistle	publisher	Indie game
Journal of Bisexuality	publisher	Routledge
CURSOR	publisher	The Code Works
Scientology: The Now Religion	publisher	Delacorte Press
G.I. Joe: America's Elite	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	publisher	Taito Corporation
Thud Ridge	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Thud Ridge	publisher	Crécy Publishing
Social Problems	publisher	Oxford University Press
Middle Age: A Romance	publisher	HarperCollins
Disney's Chicken Little: Ace in Action	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Disney's Chicken Little: Ace in Action	publisher	Buena Vista Games
The Tower of Zanid	publisher	Avalon Books
Chill Factor	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Three Doors to Death	publisher	Viking Press
Super Drift Out	publisher	Visco Corporation
Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam	publisher	Corona Books
Overload	publisher	Doubleday
Journal of Medieval History	publisher	Elsevier
The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword	publisher	Nintendo
International Journal of Speleology	publisher	Società Speleologica Italiana
To the Devil — a Diva!	publisher	Allison & Busby
Sex and Drugs and Sausage Rolls	publisher	Doubleday and Corgi Adult
Cults of Unreason	publisher	Harrap
Cults of Unreason	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux,
Cults of Unreason	publisher	Delacorte Press
Shox	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Able McLaughlins	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Medical Hypotheses	publisher	Elsevier
Light	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Good-bye, My Lady	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Technomage	publisher	Sunflowers
Applied and Environmental Microbiology	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
The Emperor's Candlesticks	publisher	Sir Arthur Pearson, 1st Baronet
Infection and Immunity	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Eukaryotic Cell	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Clinical Microbiology Reviews	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Clinical and Vaccine Immunology	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Uletka and the White Lizard	publisher	Dean and Wolf
Journal of Clinical Microbiology	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
A Son of the People	publisher	Greening & Co
Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
The Nest of the Sparrowhawk	publisher	Greening & Co
The Arms of Krupp	publisher	Little, Brown
Mr. Sammler's Planet	publisher	Viking Press
Nova Religio	publisher	University of California Press
The Bronze Eagle	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Broken Sword	publisher	Abelard-Schuman
Storm over Laos	publisher	Fredrick A. Praeger, Inc.
Dreamfall Chapters: The Longest Journey	publisher	Red Thread Games
Fiasco	publisher	Penguin Group
Religion Inc.	publisher	Harrap
Religion Inc.	publisher	London
Now in November	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Stardust	publisher	Nari Hira
Fablehaven	publisher	Shadow Mountain Publishing
Omon Ra	publisher	Text Publishers
Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights	publisher	THQ
Silver Diamond	publisher	Tosuisha
The Remaining Documents of Talaat Pasha	publisher	Everest Yayınları
Reef Encounter	publisher	Z-Man Games
These Three Remain	publisher	Wytherngate Press
These Three Remain	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Miracle of Forgiveness	publisher	Bookcraft
Charlie Mensuel	publisher	Éditions du Square
Charlie Mensuel	publisher	Éditions Dargaud
The Mirror of Simple Souls	publisher	Paulist Press
The Mirror of Simple Souls	publisher	Burns Oates and Washbourne Ltd.
How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found	publisher	Carol Publishing Group
St. Joseph Communications	publisher	St. Joseph Media
Big Shot Comics	publisher	Columbia Comics
Pollyanna Grows Up	publisher	The Page Company, Boston
The Broken Hourglass	publisher	MTV Games
Action Girlz Racing	publisher	Metro 3D
The Messenger	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Calling You	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Crocodile Dentist	publisher	Winning Moves
Natasha and Other Stories	publisher	HarperCollins
Natasha and Other Stories	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Theories for Everything	publisher	National Geographic Society
Missing	publisher	MediaWorks
Curtains for Three	publisher	Viking Press
Figments of Reality	publisher	Cambridge University Press
MotoGP '07	publisher	THQ
Journal of Media Economics	publisher	Routledge
Mars	publisher	First Comics
Mars	publisher	IDW Publishing
Moon Fate	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Fury's Pilgrims	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Shockscape	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Cold Asylum	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Deep Empire	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Ekattorer Dingulee	publisher	Shandhani Prakashani
Chicago Journal of International Law	publisher	University of Chicago Law School
Journal of Cuneiform Studies	publisher	American Schools of Oriental Research
The Moon and the Sun	publisher	Pocket Books
Think	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Made of Steel	publisher	BBC Books
The Black Tattoo	publisher	Doubleday
Studies of the Book of Mormon	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Twilight Children	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Rider, Reaper	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Mini Desktop Racing	publisher	Metro3D, Inc.
Limit of Vision	publisher	Tor Books
The Falling Woman	publisher	Tor Books
It's Not About the Bike	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Wolverine: Origins	publisher	Marvel Comics
Murder by the Book	publisher	Viking Press
Moonlight Mile	publisher	Shogakukan, Inc.
The Continent Makers	publisher	Thrilling Wonder Stories
Triple Jeopardy	publisher	Viking Press
Strike Fighters: Project 1	publisher	Strategy First
The Pyramid	publisher	Faber & Faber
Clonk Clonk	publisher	Faber & Faber
Free Fall	publisher	Faber & Faber
A City in Winter	publisher	Viking Juvenile
The Financial Expert	publisher	Methuen Publishing
What the Buddha Taught	publisher	Oneworld Publications
The Big Front Yard	publisher	Street & Smith
The Book of All Flesh	publisher	Eden Studios
My Frogger Toy Trials	publisher	Konami
Wren's War	publisher	Jane Yolen Books
Wren's War	publisher	Firebird
Ship Simulator	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Fly by Night	publisher	UK: Macmillan
Fly by Night	publisher	US: HarperCollins
Inda	publisher	DAW Books
Night Stalker	publisher	Mattel
Complete Scoundrel	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The World of Tibetan Buddhism	publisher	Wisdom Publications
Playmen	publisher	Adelina Tattilo
Sisters ... No Way!	publisher	O'Brien Press
Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures	publisher	German: Piper Verlag GmbH. English: Overlook TP
Proud Helios	publisher	Pocket Books
Beyond the Deepwoods	publisher	Doubleday
The George-Anne	publisher	Georgia Southern University Office of Student Media
Mallory's Oracle	publisher	Hutchinson
The Man Who Cast Two Shadows	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Killing Critics	publisher	Putnam
Road Wars	publisher	Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Super Soldiers	publisher	Marvel UK
Europa 1400	publisher	JoWood Productions
Zero the Kamikaze Squirrel	publisher	Sunsoft
Opus 100	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Heart of the Warrior	publisher	Pocket Books
Let's Go Jungle!: Lost on the Island of Spice	publisher	Sega
Surgical Strike	publisher	Sega of America, Inc.
Godzilla Trading Battle	publisher	Toho
Mercenary from Tomorrow	publisher	Ace Books
Schizoid	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Guild Wars: Eye of the North	publisher	NCSOFT
Natural Product Updates	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Sky Destroyer	publisher	Taito
In the Country of Men	publisher	Viking Press
The Metal Monster	publisher	Argosy All-Story Weekly
The Metal Monster	publisher	Avon
Divine Madness	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Canadian Alpine Journal	publisher	Alpine Club of Canada
No Dominion	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sector 7	publisher	Clarion Books
Yale Literary Magazine	publisher	Yale University
The Science of Good and Evil	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Fortune Dogs	publisher	Kodansha
The Mysterious Benedict Society	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Fatal Eggs	publisher	Nedra journal
The Painter of Signs	publisher	Viking Press
The Painter of Signs	publisher	Heinemann
Natsu e no Tobira	publisher	Hakusensha
Radiant	publisher	Eos
Shienryu	publisher	Sega
Shienryu	publisher	HAMSTER Corporation
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It	publisher	Random House
Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want	publisher	Shadow Mountain
Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret	publisher	Shadow Mountain
Podd	publisher	Acornsoft
Sparkster	publisher	Konami
Pet in TV	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Bill's Tomato Game	publisher	Psygnosis
Shadow Madness	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Hotel	publisher	Milton Bradley
Ecology and Society	publisher	Resilience Alliance
The Rand Daily Mail	publisher	Clive Kinsley
Jewel Master	publisher	Sega
Beyond My Touch	publisher	Shinshokan
Wings Over Europe	publisher	Destineer
Wings Over Europe	publisher	Bold Games
Rediscovering God in America	publisher	Thomas Nelson Inc.
The Moon Moth	publisher	Galaxy
Here's Your Hat What's Your Hurry	publisher	Random House
Doomsday + 1	publisher	Charlton Comics
Good Natured	publisher	Harvard University Press
Talkative Man	publisher	Heinemann
Jetpac Refuelled	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Wooden Heart	publisher	BBC Books
Spring Fever	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Ltd
Spring Fever	publisher	Doubleday
Spikeout: Battle Street	publisher	Sega
DC 100 Page Super Spectacular	publisher	DC Comics
University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Law School
Children of Tomorrow	publisher	Ace Books
LittleBigPlanet	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Game	publisher	Firebird Books
The Game	publisher	HarperCollins
Hyper Doll	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Fox	publisher	DAW Books
Gungage	publisher	Konami
Sexuality Research and Social Policy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Japanese Society	publisher	Penguin Books
Peggle	publisher	PopCap Games
Peggle	publisher	Valve Corporation
Galactic Wrestling	publisher	Bandai
Galactic Wrestling	publisher	Toei Animation
Galactic Wrestling	publisher	4Kids TV
The Rules of Survival	publisher	Penguin Group
The Mezzanine	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Death of Sleep	publisher	Baen Books
Target	publisher	Living Media
The Crown Snatchers	publisher	Pantheon Books
Darker than Black	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Darker than Black	publisher	Square Enix
The Menace from Earth	publisher	Gnome Press
Where Once We Walked	publisher	Avotaynu Inc.
Here Lies Arthur	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Building	publisher	UBM plc
Drunkard's Walk	publisher	Ballantine Books
Beau Brocade	publisher	Greening & Co
Room 13	publisher	Doubleday
La 628-E8	publisher	Fasquelle
Neuropsychopharmacology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Otto Matic	publisher	Aspyr Media
Otto Matic	publisher	Ideas From the Deep
Otto Matic	publisher	Pangea Software
The Blair Years	publisher	Random House
Totem and Ore	publisher	Carnegie, Vic. : Dingo Books
Liquid Kids	publisher	Taito
Hoccer	publisher	Eastern Micro Electronics
American Born Chinese	publisher	First Second Books
Iron Kingdoms	publisher	Privateer Press
Path of the Assassin	publisher	Kodansha
Economica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Poet	publisher	Warner Books Paperback
The Poet	publisher	Orion Paperback
Buzz! Junior: Jungle Party	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Batman and the Mad Monk	publisher	DC Comics
Sinistron	publisher	Information Global Service
Peace and War	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Akihabara@Deep	publisher	Shinchosha
Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man	publisher	Warner Books
Romeo × Juliet	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
DC Universe Presents	publisher	DC Comics
Claudine...!	publisher	Shueisha
Saturnalia	publisher	Century
The Last Dodo	publisher	BBC Books
Armadale	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
Tam Lin	publisher	Tor Books
Sting of the Zygons	publisher	BBC Books
Fear and Loathing in America	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Three Men Out	publisher	Viking Press
The Harlequin	publisher	Berkley Hardcover
Three Witnesses	publisher	Viking Press
Resistance 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
My Summer of Love	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Maps	publisher	Gakken
Athens 2004	publisher	PlayStation 2
Athens 2004	publisher	PC
Athens 2004	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Harvard Asia Pacific Review	publisher	Harvard University
The Dog Island	publisher	Ubisoft
The Dog Island	publisher	Neko Entertainment
Death Sentence	publisher	M. Evans
The Rose of Tibet	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Rose of Tibet	publisher	Harper & Row
A Long Way to Shiloh	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
A Long Way to Shiloh	publisher	Harper & Row
Kolymsky Heights	publisher	William Heinemann
Mindanao Journal	publisher	Serafin Ledesma, Jr.
Master of the Five Magics	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Interpretation of Murder	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Sun Chemist	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Chelsea Murders	publisher	Jonathan Cape
5 A Day Adventures	publisher	Dole Food Company
Jam Sessions	publisher	Ubisoft
Fallen Son: The Death of Captain America	publisher	Marvel comics
Bermuda Syndrome	publisher	BMG Interactive Entertainment
The Dice Spelled Murder	publisher	Dell Publishing Company, Inc.
The Shadows, Kith and Kin	publisher	Subterranean Press
Death to Spies	publisher	1
Framing the Early Middle Ages	publisher	Oxford University Press
PlayStation Official Magazine - UK	publisher	Future plc
Revelation	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dynamo 5	publisher	Image Comics
A Moment of War	publisher	Penguin Books
A Moment of War	publisher	Viking Press
Cyborg Justice	publisher	Sega
Decanter	publisher	IPC Media
If Death Ever Slept	publisher	Viking Press
And Four to Go	publisher	Viking Press
Splashdown: Rides Gone Wild	publisher	THQ
Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque	publisher	Lea & Blanchard
An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Proposition Player	publisher	Vertigo imprint of DC Comics
The Young Magicians	publisher	Ballantine Books
New Worlds for Old	publisher	Ballantine Books
Golden Cities, Far	publisher	Ballantine Books
Emphyrio	publisher	Doubleday
The Cult of the Amateur	publisher	Currency
Language	publisher	Linguistic Society of America
Second Thoughts	publisher	Penguin Books
LSD	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
American Libraries	publisher	American Library Association
God of War: Chains of Olympus	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Grimus	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Message of The Qur'an	publisher	Dar al-Andalus Limited
Krautrocksampler	publisher	Head Heritage
Drug and Alcohol Dependence	publisher	Elsevier
Midaq Alley	publisher	Khayats, Beirut
The Zorcerer of Zo	publisher	Atomic Sock Monkey Press
Mini Friday	publisher	Sulake
The Moneychangers	publisher	Doubleday
The Spawn of Cthulhu	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Floating City	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Propeller Island	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Little Island	publisher	Doubleday
Discoveries in Fantasy	publisher	Ballantine Books
Kingdom Hearts III	publisher	Square Enix
UEFA Champions League 2006–2007	publisher	EA Sports
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I	publisher	Ballantine Books
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II	publisher	Ballantine Books
Otona no Onnaryoku Kentei	publisher	Konami
Am I a Hindu%3F	publisher	Halo Books
Yie Ar Kung-Fu II	publisher	Konami , Imagine Software Ltd
Super Bunny	publisher	Datamost
Nātyakalpadrumam	publisher	Kerala Kalamandalam, Vallathol Nagar
Nātyakalpadrumam	publisher	National Book Stall, Kottayam-
Rage of Mages	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Rage of Mages	publisher	Monolith Productions
The Last Defender of Camelot	publisher	Ibooks, Inc
The Satanic Scriptures	publisher	Scapegoat, Underworld Amusements
The Climb	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Here Be Monsters!	publisher	Oxford University Press in Great Britain
Born Free and Equal	publisher	U.S. Camera, New York
Sometimes a Great Notion	publisher	Viking Press
Envoy Extraordinary	publisher	Faber & Faber
Murikuri	publisher	Kodansha
The King's Last Song	publisher	HarperCollins
Restless	publisher	Bloomsbury
An Abundance of Katherines	publisher	Dutton and Speak
Full Tilt	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pixie Pop	publisher	Kodansha
Grant, Lee, Sherman: Civil War Generals 2	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Ninja Master's: Haō Ninpō Chō	publisher	SNK Playmore
Eko Eko Azarak	publisher	Akita Shoten
Reports on Progress in Physics	publisher	IOP Publishing
Journal of Luminescence	publisher	Elsevier
Kyogami	publisher	Winning Moves
Old Souls	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Arab American News	publisher	Osama Siblani
Cyborg Commando	publisher	New Infinities, Inc.
Then We Came to the End	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Days of Ziklag	publisher	Zmore-Bitan
Z Mazinger	publisher	Kodansha
Needle	publisher	Doubleday
Demon's Delight	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
All-Pro Basketball	publisher	Vic Tokai
Strategy Challenges Collection	publisher	Edmark
Strategy Challenges Collection	publisher	The Learning Company
The Strategy Paradox	publisher	Doubleday
The Vengeance of Rome	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Jerusalem Commands	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The It Girl	publisher	New York Publishing
Starfaring	publisher	Flying Buffalo
Mimsy Were the Borogoves	publisher	Analog Science Fiction and Fact
The Ghost Brigades	publisher	Tor Books
Pyu to Fuku! Jaguar	publisher	Shueisha
The Prairie	publisher	Philadelphia: Carey, Lea & Carey—Chestnut-Street
Public Understanding of Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
Wilhelm Meister's Journeyman Years	publisher	Cotta'sche Buchhandlung, Stuttgart
Lost in Space	publisher	Innovation Comics
Kingdoms of Sorcery	publisher	Doubleday
Baccano!	publisher	MediaWorks
Baccano!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Baccano!	publisher	MediaWorks
Baccano!	publisher	Square Enix
California Code of Regulations	publisher	California Office of Administrative Law
New Selected Poems 1966–1987	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Time Warp of Dr. Brain	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine	publisher	Sage Publications
Opoona	publisher	Tecmo Koei
The Journal of Julius Rodman	publisher	Burton's Gentleman's Magazine
Arkista's Ring	publisher	American Sammy
Transformers: The Game	publisher	Activision
Requiem for the Conqueror	publisher	Daw Books
Invisible Republic	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Zack & Wiki: Quest for Barbaros' Treasure	publisher	Capcom
Mercury Meltdown Revolution	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Rapid Racer	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Chickenhare	publisher	1
Chickenhare	publisher	3
Cronous	publisher	Game On, game&game, Aeria Games and Entertainment, Amped
Robert E. Lee: Civil War General	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Orion Shall Rise	publisher	Phantasia Press
The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Cobra Command	publisher	Data East
Cobra Command	publisher	Wolf Team
Cobra Command	publisher	Sega
Cobra Command	publisher	Ecseco
Cobra Command	publisher	Revolutionary Concepts
Naming and Necessity	publisher	Harvard University Press
Naming and Necessity	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Hemkosh	publisher	Hemkosh Printers
Aquaria	publisher	*Bit Blot\n*
Aquaria	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Greater Houston Weekly	publisher	Houston Community Newspapers
Rockman EXE Legend of Network	publisher	Capcom
Rules	publisher	Scholastic Paperbacks
The Golden Key	publisher	DAW Books
The Fall	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Serendipity	publisher	OpenSourcePress
Dawn of Time	publisher	Elsevier
Dawn of Time	publisher	Nelson Books
Strange Gifts	publisher	Thomas Nelson Inc., Publishers
The Golden Goblet	publisher	Coward McCann, Inc.
Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas	publisher	Akita Shoten
Houdini: The Devil's Workshop	publisher	Elseworlds
NASCAR Heat 2002	publisher	Infogrames
Iron Dragon	publisher	Mayfair Games
Matrix	publisher	InterChannel
Empire of Ivory	publisher	Del Rey Books
Empire of Ivory	publisher	HarperCollins
The Cosmology of Bing	publisher	The Permanent Press
UnderSurface	publisher	The Permanent Press
From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest	publisher	Dufour Editions
The Inevitability of Patriarchy	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Current Archaeology	publisher	Current Publishing
The Language of God	publisher	Free Press
The Proud Family	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
To Love-Ru	publisher	Shueisha
To Love-Ru	publisher	Shueisha
The Astronauts	publisher	Czytelnik
The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling	publisher	John Murray
Journal of Behavioral Finance	publisher	Routledge on behalf of The Institute of Behavioral Finance
The Eye of the Heron	publisher	Dell Publishing
Cyberwar	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Heart-Shaped Box	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Frenzic	publisher	Two Tribes B.V.
And Kill Once More	publisher	Graphic Publishing Company, Inc.
Vangers	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Vangers	publisher	Interactive Magic
Vangers	publisher	KranX Productions
The Billion-Dollar Molecule	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit	publisher	Kaiseisha
Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit	publisher	Shinchosha
Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit	publisher	Square Enix
The Stories of English	publisher	Overlook TP
IQ and Global Inequality	publisher	Washington Summit Publishers
Black Summer	publisher	Avatar Press
QuickSpot	publisher	Namco Bandai
QuickSpot	publisher	Nintendo
Arcade Party Pak	publisher	Midway Games
Arcade's Greatest Hits: The Atari Collection 2	publisher	Midway Games
Arcade's Greatest Hits: The Atari Collection 2	publisher	GT Interactive
The Master Butchers Singing Club	publisher	HarperCollins
Spirit of the Century	publisher	Evil Hat Productions
Android Nim	publisher	SoftSide
Eleven Kinds of Loneliness	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Street Fighter Collection	publisher	Capcom
Street Fighter Collection	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Spirit of Wonder	publisher	Kodansha
Guild Wars 2	publisher	NCSOFT
Spirit of the Border	publisher	A.L. Burt
Plot It Yourself	publisher	Viking Press
Three at Wolfe's Door	publisher	Viking Press
Shizuku-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Too Many Clients	publisher	Viking Press
Mindanao Examiner	publisher	Maritess Fernandez
Better Angels	publisher	Penguin Putnam Inc.
Crossed Swords	publisher	SNK Playmore
The Labyrinth Key	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Moon	publisher	Movic
Shiloh	publisher	The Dial Press
The Pesticide Question	publisher	Springer
Kanokon	publisher	Media Factory
Dōsei	publisher	Nexton
Before the Fantastic Four: Ben Grimm and Logan	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Modern Optics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Before the Fantastic Four: Reed Richards	publisher	Marvel Comics
Usagi Yojimbo Role-Playing Game	publisher	Sanguine Productions
K-PAX IV: A New Visitor from the Constellation Lyra	publisher	Xlibris
Neverwhere	publisher	BBC Books
Glasses	publisher	Viking Books
The Big Pets	publisher	Viking Books
Paula	publisher	Sudamericana / Plaza & Janés
Baloney	publisher	Viking Press
Seen Art%3F	publisher	Viking Press
Squids Will Be Squids	publisher	Viking Press
Guys Write for Guys Read	publisher	Viking Press
The Janitor's Boy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Room One	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Things Hoped For	publisher	Penguin Group
Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus!	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
The Journal of Military History	publisher	Society for Military History
Leonardo, the Terrible Monster	publisher	Hyperion Books
Beautiful Katamari	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Knuffle Bunny	publisher	Hyperion Books
X-Men: First Class	publisher	Marvel Comics
Lucas	publisher	Chicken House
My-HiME	publisher	Akita Shoten
Millennial Women	publisher	Delacorte Press, Dell Publishing
A Week in the Woods	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Native Tongue	publisher	DAW Books
Duke Journal of Gender Law & Policy	publisher	Duke University School of Law
Neurology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Neurology	publisher	American Academy of Neurology
The Irish Famine	publisher	Profile Books Limited
Men Against the Sea	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Rising Shore Roanoke	publisher	Blue Hull Press
Ninja Golf	publisher	Atari Corporation
Journal of Vacuum Science and Technology	publisher	American Institute of Physics on behalf of the American Vacuum Society
Tail of the Moon	publisher	Shueisha
The Next Fifty Years	publisher	Vintage Books
Hondo & Fabian	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
Fabian Escapes	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
Ironclad	publisher	SNK Playmore
An tUltach	publisher	Comhaltas Uladh
Sixty Days and Counting	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Journal of Genocide Research	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Vietnamese Studies	publisher	University of California Press
Yanoama	publisher	Leonardo da Vinci
Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Alien Syndrome	publisher	Sega
Lego Chess	publisher	Lego Media
Imperivm: Great Battles of Rome	publisher	FX Interactive
Earth Made of Glass	publisher	Tor Books
Earth Made of Glass	publisher	Orion Books
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen	publisher	Candlewick Press
Notorious	publisher	Little, Brown
Reckless	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Unforgettable	publisher	Little, Brown
Timespirits	publisher	Epic Comics
Medical Law International	publisher	SAGE Publications
Dogs	publisher	Shueisha
Dogs	publisher	Shueisha
The Emperor's Snuff-Box	publisher	Harper
The Emperor's Snuff-Box	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Ace Combat 6: Fires of Liberation	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Lego board games	publisher	Lego
Lego board games	publisher	Rose Art
Lego board games	publisher	Rose Art
Lego board games	publisher	Warren Industries, Inc.
Lego board games	publisher	University Games
Heist	publisher	Codemasters
Totally Spies! 2: Undercover	publisher	Atari
Keeping Faith	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Totally Spies!	publisher	Atari
Brothers in Arms: Double Time	publisher	Ubisoft
Chicken Shoot	publisher	Zuxxez/TopWare Interactive
Chicken Shoot	publisher	DSI Games
Chicken Shoot	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Crash Dummy vs The Evil D-Troit	publisher	Oxygen Games
Alpha 9	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
The Favourite Game	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Lands of Lore III	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lands of Lore: The Throne of Chaos	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Capes & Cowls	publisher	Wyrd House
Oakleaf Bearers	publisher	Random House
JumpStart SpyMasters: Unmask the Prankster	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Eloise	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A History of Money and Banking in the United States	publisher	Ludwig Von Mises Institute
Current World Archaeology	publisher	Current Publishing
On the Edge: Political Cults Right and Left	publisher	M.E. Sharpe
Earache: Extreme Metal Racing	publisher	Data Design Interactive
Ferrari Challenge: Trofeo Pirelli	publisher	System 3
Jawa: Mammoth to Himitsu no Ishi	publisher	Spike
Legend of the Dragon	publisher	The Game Factory
Hail to the Chimp	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
The Golden Compass	publisher	Sega
Kaze no Stigma	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Zombie Ninja Pro-Am	publisher	Midway Games
Chili Con Carnage	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Princess Diaries	publisher	HarperCollins
Monster Trux Extreme: Offroad Edition	publisher	BOLD Games
Myth Makers: Trixie in Toyland	publisher	Metro3D, Inc.
Cardinal Syn	publisher	989
The Death of Economics	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Out to Lunch	publisher	Mindscape
Another Gospel	publisher	Zondervan
India Authentic	publisher	Virgin Comics
Eye Against Eye	publisher	New Directions Books
Tom Cruise: Unauthorized	publisher	Hastings House
Short Trips: Destination Prague	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: Snapshots	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Come Back for More	publisher	Dell
Clockwork	publisher	Doubleday
Koutetsu no Kishi 3: Gekitotsu Europe Sensen	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Barbarossa	publisher	Sammy Corporation
The Merchants of Souls	publisher	Tor Books
The Armchair Economist	publisher	Free Press
Jeffrey and Sloth	publisher	Orca Book Publishers
The Alexandria Link	publisher	Ballantine Books, New York
Jane's WWII Fighters	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Gospel According to Judas	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Boogie	publisher	Electronic Arts
Matrka: Voices Within	publisher	Matrka
Accele Brid	publisher	Tomy
Thomas and Beulah	publisher	Carnegie Mellon University Press
Ratatouille	publisher	THQ
World Championship Soccer	publisher	Sega
The Journal of the Learning Sciences	publisher	Routledge
Super Xevious: GAMP no Nazo	publisher	Namcot
Xevious: Fardraut Saga	publisher	Namco
Fire and Ice	publisher	Renegade Software
Zatch Bell! The Card Battle	publisher	Bandai
American Knees	publisher	University of Washington Press
Spud's Adventure	publisher	Atlus
Beach Head II: The Dictator Strikes Back	publisher	Access Software
The Mathematics of Magic: The Enchanter Stories of L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt	publisher	NESFA Press
Practical Chinese Reader	publisher	Shangwu Yinshuguan
The Fur Country	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Ishido: The Way of Stones	publisher	Accolade
Graham Gooch's All Star Cricket	publisher	Audiogenic
The Hedgehog Review	publisher	Institute for Advanced Studies in Culture
The Hedgehog Review	publisher	University of Virginia
Films of the Golden Age	publisher	Lee Enterprises
Monarch: The Butterfly King	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Veracity	publisher	Rain Publishing
No Bra	publisher	Akita Shoten
Seeker	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Little Book of Common Sense Investing	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Women's Room	publisher	Summit Books
History of Joseph Smith by His Mother	publisher	Published for Orson Pratt by S. W. Richards
Game Design Workshop	publisher	CRC Press
Western Union Boy	publisher	Library of America
The Chinese Way	publisher	Routledge
Adding a Dimension	publisher	Doubleday
Under the Mat	publisher	Fenn
Tales of Pirates	publisher	Internet Gaming Gate
Oblivion: Stories	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Last Precinct	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Microsoft Entertainment Pack: The Puzzle Collection	publisher	Microsoft Games
Microsoft Entertainment Pack: The Puzzle Collection	publisher	Swing! Entertainment
The EBCC Atlas of European Breeding Birds	publisher	T & A D Poyser
Jolanta Antas	publisher	Universitas
Daisenryaku	publisher	Genki
Daisenryaku	publisher	Sega
Daisenryaku	publisher	ASCII
Daisenryaku	publisher	Sega
Daisenryaku	publisher	Kemco
Daisenryaku	publisher	SystemSoft Alpha
Dr. Identity	publisher	Raw Dog Screaming Press
Attitude: The New Subversive Cartoonists	publisher	Nantier Beall Minoustchine Publishing
Enduring Love	publisher	Jonathan Cape
SimCity 4: Rush Hour	publisher	Electronic Arts
SimCity 4: Rush Hour	publisher	Aspyr Media
The Assassins of Rome	publisher	Orion Books
Aircraft Powerpack	publisher	Wild Hare
Aircraft Powerpack	publisher	2wg Media
Wacky Races	publisher	Atlus
Fighter Squadron: The Screamin' Demons Over Europe	publisher	Activision
Luftwaffe Commander	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Metaphysical Club: A Story of Ideas in America	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
New Zealand Journal of Ecology	publisher	New Zealand Ecological Society
The Wild	publisher	Tor Books
Kilala Princess	publisher	Kodansha
No Retreat, No Surrender: One American's Fight	publisher	Sentinel HC
Why I Hate Abercrombie and Fitch	publisher	NYU Press
Five Go to Smuggler's Top	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Run Away Together	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Go Off in a Caravan	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Go Adventuring Again	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Just and the Unjust	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Journal of Political Economy	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Paths of Glory	publisher	GMT Games
Rowan's Battle of Britain	publisher	Empire Interactive
Jane's USAF	publisher	Electronic Arts
Beaterator	publisher	Rockstar Games
The Town	publisher	Random House
Transformers: Ghosts of Yesterday	publisher	Del Rey Books
Agricultural and Forest Meteorology	publisher	Elsevier
Climate Dynamics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Current Science	publisher	Current Science Association in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Sciences
Material Puzzle	publisher	Square Enix
Red Ocean	publisher	Digital Entertainment Pool
Neo Drift Out: New Technology	publisher	Visco Corporation
Last Resort	publisher	SNK
Ethics and Language	publisher	Yale University Press
Rapala Tournament Fishing	publisher	Activision
Above and Beyond: The Encyclopedia of Aviation and Space Sciences	publisher	New Horizons Publishers, Inc.
Above and Beyond: The Encyclopedia of Aviation and Space Sciences	publisher	Chicago
Stone	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Bonaparte at Marengo	publisher	Simmons Games
Jacky Daydream	publisher	Doubleday
Wild Law	publisher	Siber Ink & Green Books
Ready Set Word	publisher	Ubisoft
Katekyo Hitman Reborn! Dream Hyper Battle!	publisher	Marvelous Interactive
SD Gundam: Scad Hammers	publisher	Namco Bandai
The Legend of Spyro: The Eternal Night	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Tokyo Xtreme Racer: Drift 2	publisher	Genki
Tokyo Xtreme Racer: Drift 2	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Tokyo Xtreme Racer: Drift 2	publisher	Konami
The Venom Business	publisher	World Publishing Co.
Monthly Comic Zero Sum	publisher	Ichijinsha
American Academy of Political and Social Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Cat Who Went Underground	publisher	Jove
Daily Naya Diganta	publisher	Shamsul Huda
Dry	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Voltage Fighter Gowcaizer	publisher	SNK
Voltage Fighter Gowcaizer	publisher	Urban Plant
Tournament Table	publisher	Atari
Laser Physics	publisher	IOP Publishing
Extensa	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
The Gravedigger's Daughter	publisher	Ecco Press
Leadership Secrets of the Rogue Warrior	publisher	New York: Pocket Books
The Museum of Dr. Moses	publisher	Harcourt
The Crow	publisher	Penguin Books
To My Daughter with Love on the Important Things in Life	publisher	Blue Mountains Press
My Bride is a Mermaid	publisher	Square Enix
Zax: The Alien Hunter	publisher	JoWooD Productions
The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Cat Who Saw Red	publisher	Jove
Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit%3F: Volume Two	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The First Four Years	publisher	Harper & Row
Lego Batman: The Videogame	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Batman: The Videogame	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Fairy Caravan	publisher	1929
The Fairy Caravan	publisher	1952
The Tale of Pigling Bland	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Acts of Faith	publisher	Navrang
Démolir Nisard	publisher	Les éditions de Minuit
Shadow Game	publisher	Jove Publishing
Troddlers	publisher	The Sales Curve
Troddlers	publisher	Seika
The Treasure in the Royal Tower	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Dragons of Flame	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Dragons of Flame	publisher	U.S. Gold
Sengoku Ninja Tai	publisher	Data East
Pinball Hall of Fame: The Williams Collection	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Mirrorshades	publisher	Arbor House
I Am a Strange Loop	publisher	Basic Books
Ninja Gaiden: Dragon Sword	publisher	Tecmo
Ninja Gaiden: Dragon Sword	publisher	Ubisoft
A Slight Trick of the Mind	publisher	Nan A. Talese/Doubleday
Leaving Poppy	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
DJMax Portable 2	publisher	Pentavision
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Ginji's Rescue Team	publisher	Shogakukan
Burning Bright	publisher	The Viking Press
Superman vs. The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	DC Comics
Superman vs. The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Wipeout Pulse	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
The Science of Success	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword	publisher	2
Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword	publisher	Aspyr
More Than Earthlings	publisher	Broadman Press
Terrawars: New York Invasion	publisher	Tri Synergy
Terrawars: New York Invasion	publisher	G2 Games
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008	publisher	THQ
Blood, Sweat & Tea	publisher	Friday Books
The Woven Path	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The Bride Wore Black	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Cue for Treason	publisher	Blackwell Publishers
Cue for Treason	publisher	Copp Clark
Mr Norris Changes Trains	publisher	Hogarth Press
Only a Trillion	publisher	Abelard-Schuman
The Singapore Grip	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Days of Despair	publisher	English Writers Cooperative of Sri Lanka
Shadow Sorcerer	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Shadow Sorcerer	publisher	U.S. Gold
Electra	publisher	Literary Publications
Sci-Fi Harry	publisher	Takeshobo
Man's Best Friend	publisher	Biblos
Man's Best Friend	publisher	Libre Publishing
Warlords Battlecry II	publisher	Ubisoft
Australian Journal of Botany	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
The Hive	publisher	Alfaguara
Big Windup!	publisher	Kodansha
The Act of Marriage	publisher	Zondervan
Bye-Bye	publisher	New York University Press
Eve's Diary	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Philip Dru: Administrator	publisher	B. W. Huebsch
Pixelus	publisher	PopCap Games
Candle	publisher	Tor Books
Dennō Coil	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Dennō Coil	publisher	Shogakukan
Hero Tales	publisher	Square Enix
The Coldest Winter Ever	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Coldest Winter Ever	publisher	Pocket Books
The Coldest Winter Ever	publisher	Washington Square Press
Physics Reports	publisher	Elsevier
The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers	publisher	Penguin Books
Red, White and Blue Paradise	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Titan Quest: Immortal Throne	publisher	THQ
Titan Quest: Immortal Throne	publisher	Nordic Games
The Sopranos: Road to Respect	publisher	THQ
Nobody's Children	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Sacred Stone	publisher	Penguin Books
White Death	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Blue Gold	publisher	wiki
Nights: Journey of Dreams	publisher	Sega
Konami Classics Series: Arcade Hits	publisher	Konami
Dreaming in Code	publisher	Crown Publishers
Downsiders	publisher	Simon Pulse
The New American Story	publisher	Random House
The Treasure of Alpheus Winterborn	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
The Treasure of Alpheus Winterborn	publisher	Dial/Dutton/Penguin Books
The Dark Secret of Weatherend	publisher	Dial/Dutton/Penguin Books
Metal Storm	publisher	Irem
Bond Girls Are Forever	publisher	Boxtree Ltd.
Monster Hunter Frontier Online	publisher	Capcom\nMicrosoft Game Studios
Ratha's Creature	publisher	Atheneum-Argo
Muhyo & Roji's Bureau of Supernatural Investigation	publisher	Shueisha
Barnstorming	publisher	Activision
Dark Desire	publisher	Dorchester Publishing
Queen of the Elephants	publisher	Vintage
Husky Football in the Don James Era	publisher	Derek Johnson Books, LLC
Medieval II: Total War: Kingdoms	publisher	Sega
Medieval II: Total War: Kingdoms	publisher	Feral Interactive
Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Day of the Bomb	publisher	Jungbrunnen
The Naughtiest Girl is a Monitor	publisher	George Newnes
World War II: Frontline Command	publisher	Deep Silver, Strategy First
Gallows View	publisher	Pan Books
The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb	publisher	Dial/Dutton/Penguin Books
Tenra War	publisher	Enterbrain
Chelonian Conservation and Biology	publisher	Allen Press on behalf of the Chelonian Research Foundation
Water for Elephants	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill, a division of Workman Publishing
Bibliotheca Herpetologica	publisher	International Society for the History and Bibliography of Herpetology
Acta Zoologica: Morphology and Evolution	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters
Classic X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mountain Bike Rally	publisher	ASC Games
Mountain Bike Rally	publisher	Life Fitness
Asghan: The Dragon Slayer	publisher	Grolier Interactive
Nintendo Fun Club	publisher	Nintendo
Chart Throb	publisher	Bantam Press
Built for Trouble	publisher	Dell
Mélusine	publisher	Dupuis
Mélusine	publisher	Cinebook
Dig Dug Deeper	publisher	Infogrames
Dig Dug Deeper	publisher	Namco
Mind Transfer	publisher	Walker Publishing Company
A Guide to the Scientific Knowledge of Things Familiar	publisher	Jarrolds
Pocket Pool	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Pocket Pool	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer	publisher	Chunsoft
Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer	publisher	Sega
Bozo's Night Out	publisher	Taskset Ltd.
Shattered Visage	publisher	DC Comics
Babylon 5: Final Reckoning – The Fate of Bester	publisher	Del Rey Books
Conjuring	publisher	St. Martin's Press
La Prensa Gráfica	publisher	Rodolfo Dutriz
ArtCrimes	publisher	Steven B. Smith
International Superstar Soccer 2000	publisher	Konami
The Professional Geographer	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Association of American Geographers
Transactions of the Institute of British Geographers	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Geographical Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society
Area	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society
Polar Research	publisher	Co-Action Publishing
Journal of Quaternary Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Antipode	publisher	Wiley Blackwell
Rock Band	publisher	MTV
Rock Band	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ciudades Desiertas	publisher	Edivisión, Compañía Editorial
Shadows on the Rock	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Die Son	publisher	Naspers
Daily Sun	publisher	Naspers
New Worlds for Old	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Kaibutsu-kun	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Power Pro Kun Pocket 9	publisher	Konami
Berkeley Technology Law Journal	publisher	UC Berkeley School of Law
A Thousand Splendid Suns	publisher	Riverhead Books
Dans le ciel	publisher	L'Échoppe, Caen
Horsez	publisher	Ubisoft
The Northern Light	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
The Northern Light	publisher	Little, Brown
The Northern Light	publisher	Angus & Robertson
The Northern Light	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Welcome to Our Hillbrow	publisher	University of Natal Press
James Bond Car Collection	publisher	Eaglemoss Publications
Ways of Dying	publisher	Oxford University Press Southern Africa  & Picador
Aces High	publisher	EC Comics
Daemon	publisher	Verdugo Press
John Dough and the Cherub	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Human Universals	publisher	McGraw Hill
Savage	publisher	Telecomsoft
Australasian Journal of Philosophy	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Australasian Association of Philosophy
Ikki	publisher	Namco
Ikki	publisher	Sunsoft
Vampire	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Vampire	publisher	Goldsieber
Sherlock Holmes Versus Arsène Lupin	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
The Last American	publisher	Epic Comics
Spy Hunter II	publisher	Midway Games
Pacific Historical Review	publisher	University of California Press on behalf of The Pacific Coast Branch, American Historical Association
Religion and American Culture	publisher	University of California Press for the Center for the Study of Religion and American Culture
The Sims 2 Stuff packs	publisher	EA Games
The Sims 2 Stuff packs	publisher	Aspyr Media
So Totally Emily Ebers	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Tōka Gettan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A Song for Summer	publisher	Century
Azrael's Tear	publisher	Mindscape
Skin	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Wild Adapter	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Wild Adapter	publisher	Ichijinsha
Nature China	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Ninja Five-O	publisher	Konami
Navy News	publisher	Ministry of Defence
PureSim Baseball 2007	publisher	Matrix Games
Dover Beach	publisher	Bantam Books
Picross DS	publisher	Nintendo
Biographical Memoirs of Fellows of the Royal Society	publisher	Royal Society
Run Saber	publisher	Atlus
Destroy All Humans! Path of the Furon	publisher	THQ
God's Spy	publisher	Dutton
Villains by Necessity	publisher	Tor Books
Trouble and Her Friends	publisher	Tor
Wrestle War	publisher	Sega
The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Paingod and Other Delusions	publisher	Pyramid Books
International Journal of Operations & Production Management	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts	publisher	THQ
Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts	publisher	Sega
Japanese Journal of Applied Physics	publisher	Japan Society of Applied Physics
Japanese Journal of Applied Physics	publisher	IOP Publishing
An Autobiography	publisher	The Bodley Head
Chick Chick Boom	publisher	Nintendo of Europe, tons of bits
2Xtreme	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Niagara Falls, or Does It%3F	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Martial Masters	publisher	Andamiro
Pop'n Pop	publisher	Taito
Dragon Blade: Wrath of Fire	publisher	D3 Publisher
Namco Museum Remix	publisher	Namco Bandai
X-Men: Dark Mirror	publisher	Panini Comics
X-Men: Dark Mirror	publisher	Pocket Star
Silver Screen	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
1+2=Paradise	publisher	Kodansha
1+2=Paradise	publisher	Shobunkan
Black Crypt	publisher	Electronic Arts
Shinseiki Odysselya	publisher	Vic Tokai
Robocco Wars	publisher	Information Global Service
Shadow of Suribachi	publisher	Praeger Publishers
Magic Item Compendium	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Heroes of Might and Magic V: Tribes of the East	publisher	Ubisoft
Dragons, Elves, and Heroes	publisher	Ballantine Books
Zero In	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Nancy Drew: Legend of the Crystal Skull	publisher	Her Interactive
Demon Front	publisher	International Games System
Patent Pending	publisher	Popular Publications
Fragile Allegiance	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Fragile Allegiance	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Dragon Moon	publisher	Black Dog Books
Usagi-chan de Cue!!	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
From Beyond the Unknown	publisher	DC Comics
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5	publisher	Activision
FIFA Football 2002	publisher	Electronic Arts
SWIV	publisher	SCi
The Spell	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Thirteen Minutes Magazine	publisher	IMatrix Inc.
Super Stardust HD	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Brothers in Arms DS	publisher	Ubisoft
Tribes	publisher	HarperCollins
The Armies of Memory	publisher	Tor Books
World Soccer '94: Road to Glory	publisher	Atlus
The Poem of the Man-God	publisher	Centro Editoriale Valtortiano
Yūyūki	publisher	Nintendo
Dark Law: Meaning of Death	publisher	ASCII
Heroic Age	publisher	Kodansha
FEBS Journal	publisher	Wiley on behalf of the Federation of European Biochemical Societies
Blue Hole	publisher	Kodansha
Blue Hole	publisher	Scholar
OL Shinkaron	publisher	Kodansha
OL Shinkaron	publisher	Kodansha
tiger colosseum	publisher	Capcom
The Story of the Treasure Seekers	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
The Dame's the Game	publisher	Dell
Steps to Christ	publisher	Fleming H. Revell Company
Princess Resurrection	publisher	Kodansha
Ricochet Robot	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Dynasty Tactics	publisher	Koei
Disco No. 1	publisher	Data East
Pennterra	publisher	Congdon & Weed
Tokyo Red Hood	publisher	Gentosha
Everblue 2	publisher	Capcom
Shin Onigashima	publisher	Nintendo
Close Combat III: The Russian Front	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Big Al	publisher	Picture Book Studio
Big Al	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Rise of the Kasai	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Lair of the Lion	publisher	Dorchester Publishing
Nasu	publisher	Kodansha
Purr Pals	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Saboteur	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Dark Beyond the Stars	publisher	Orb Books
Twelve Years a Slave	publisher	James Cephas Derby
Twelve Years a Slave	publisher	Auburn, New York
The Road to Jerusalem	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Town & Country Surf Designs: Wood & Water Rage	publisher	LJN
UFOs: The Greatest Stories	publisher	MJF Books
Dynowarz: Destruction of Spondylus	publisher	Bandai
The Kingdom at the End of the Road	publisher	Piratförlaget
The Knight Templar	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Railroad Tycoon	publisher	MicroProse
Crazy Machines	publisher	Novitas Publishing
Crazy Machines	publisher	DTP Entertainment
Crazy Machines	publisher	Pepper Games
Crazy Machines	publisher	Viva Media
The Magic of Thinking Big	publisher	Wilshire Book Co, Chatsworth, California
Moonheart	publisher	Ace Books
Solid State Communications	publisher	Elsevier
Thor: Blood Oath	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dragon Warrior Monsters 2	publisher	Enix
Dragon Warrior Monsters 2	publisher	Square Enix
The Bad Book	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Time Pussy	publisher	Street & Smith
Silverfall	publisher	Monte Cristo
Babylon by Bus	publisher	Penguin Books
I Got a %22D%22 in Salami	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Sisters of Isis	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego%3F Treasures of Knowledge	publisher	The Learning Company
Luxor 2	publisher	MumboJumbo
Lucy	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
All About Love: New Visions	publisher	Harper Paperbacks
Castle	publisher	Descartes Editeur
Castle	publisher	Eurogames
Castle	publisher	Jeux Descartes
The Grouchy Ladybug	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Cake Mania	publisher	Sandlot Games
Over the Edge	publisher	Villard Books/Random House, Inc.
Sofia Petrovna	publisher	Northwestern University Press
Sofia Petrovna	publisher	Focus Publishing
Sofia Petrovna	publisher	R. Pullins Company
Doki Doki Majo Shinpan!	publisher	SNK Playmore
Nacho Libre	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Silent Hill: The Arcade	publisher	Konami
Grave Peril	publisher	Penguin Putnam
Free Collars Kingdom	publisher	Kodansha
Free Collars Kingdom	publisher	Ichijinsha
KKnD	publisher	Melbourne House
KKnD	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bomba, the Jungle Boy	publisher	Stratemeyer Syndicate
The Magic of Krynn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Kender, Gully Dwarves, and Gnomes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Kender, Gully Dwarves, and Gnomes	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Slap Fight	publisher	Taito
Slap Fight	publisher	Tengen
Cars Mater-National Championship	publisher	THQ
Still, the Scraps of Prison	publisher	Ketab corp.
Boxy an Star	publisher	Abacus
A Woman in Amber	publisher	Penguin Books
She and Allan	publisher	Longmans
The A-List	publisher	Megan Tingley Publishers
Ends	publisher	Baen Books
Anno 1701: Dawn of Discovery	publisher	Disney Interactive
Anno 1701: Dawn of Discovery	publisher	Ubisoft
Chronicles of Wormwood	publisher	Avatar Press
Sherlock	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Dead Head Fred	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Dead Head Fred	publisher	D3 Publisher
Election	publisher	Putnam Adult
Valley of the Pharaohs	publisher	Palladium Books
Hrolf Kraki's Saga	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Gentlemen's Alliance Cross	publisher	Shueisha
Cleopatra and the Society of Architects	publisher	Days of Wonder
Writing FAST	publisher	Embryo Films Publishing
Croatian Encyclopedia	publisher	Miroslav Krleža Lexicographical Institute
To Sir, With Love	publisher	Bodley Head
Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Bomberman Land 3	publisher	Hudson Soft
Deal or No Deal	publisher	Mindscape
Deal or No Deal	publisher	DSI Games
Deal or No Deal	publisher	Imagination Entertainment
Deal or No Deal	publisher	Global Star Software
Deal or No Deal	publisher	Zoo Games
The Ascent of Rum Doodle	publisher	Max Parrish and Co. Ltd.
Hood	publisher	Alyson Books
Curious George Flies a Kite	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Kurikin Nano Island Story	publisher	Nintendo
Bleach Trading Card Game	publisher	Score Entertainment
What Is Your Dangerous Idea%3F	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Queen of Air and Darkness	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Dreamside	publisher	Pan Books
Chinese Paladin 3	publisher	Softstar Entertainment Inc.
Chinese Paladin 3	publisher	Unistar
Mobile Suit Gundam: Lost War Chronicles	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Nineteen Minutes	publisher	Atria Books
Fidelity Ultimate Chess Challenge	publisher	Telegames
The Cat Who Played Brahms	publisher	Jove
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A	publisher	Royal Society
International Marketing Review	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B	publisher	Royal Society
Dirty Larry: Renegade Cop	publisher	Atari
The Squire, His Knight, and His Lady	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Naughty Bits	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Wolf Moon	publisher	Signet Books
Beyond Shadowgate	publisher	Turbo Technologies Inc.
Athena: Full Throttle	publisher	SNK Playmore
Neverwinter Nights 2: Mask of the Betrayer	publisher	Atari
The Harlan Ellison Hornbook	publisher	Warner Books Inc.
No Name	publisher	Sampson Low, Son, and Marston
The Double Tongue	publisher	Faber & Faber
Australian Systematic Botany	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
Landscope	publisher	Department of Environment and Conservation
Landscope	publisher	Government of Western Australia
Austral Ecology	publisher	Blackwell Science Asia
Australasian Plant Pathology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Marazan	publisher	Cassell
Legislative Gazette	publisher	Alan S. Chartock
So Disdained	publisher	Cassells
Dengeki Hobby Magazine	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Dengeki Maoh	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Martian Memorandum	publisher	Access Software
Cal Ripken's Real Baseball	publisher	Netamin Communication Corporation
The Great Pursuit	publisher	Martin Secker and Warburg
Transformers: Movie Adaptation	publisher	IDW Publishing
Disney's Villains' Revenge	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Island of the Mighty	publisher	Ballantine Books
American Sphinx	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Hyperborea	publisher	Ballantine Books
James Bond 007	publisher	Parker Brothers
From the Notebooks of Dr. Brain	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Man Who Went Back	publisher	Cassell and Co
The Man Who Went Back	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Man Who Went Back	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Doom that Came to Sarnath and Other Stories	publisher	Ballantine Books
TMNT	publisher	Ubisoft
Shout Out Loud!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Trials and Tribulations	publisher	Capcom
Fat Worm Blows a Sparky	publisher	Durell Software
Harvey Birdman: Attorney at Law	publisher	Capcom
Go! Puzzle	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Championship Sprint	publisher	Atari Games
Championship Sprint	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology	publisher	Society of Vertebrate Paleontology
Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix	publisher	Capcom
Rocketmen: Axis of Evil	publisher	Capcom
Talisman	publisher	Games Workshop
Nucleus	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Alfred Kropp: The Seal of Solomon	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Highly Effective Detective	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Confessions of a Tax Collector	publisher	HarperCollins
Gun Frontier	publisher	Taito
Dziennik Zachodni	publisher	Polskapresse
Evaluating a Large Group Awareness Training	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Aleste 2	publisher	Compile
The Settlers: Rise of an Empire	publisher	Ubisoft
I Never Saw Another Butterfly	publisher	Schocken Books
Golden Axe: The Revenge of Death Adder	publisher	Sega
University of Pennsylvania Journal of Law and Social Change	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Law School
City of Light, City of Dark	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Murder Princess	publisher	MediaWorks
The Legend of Heroes III: Song of the Ocean	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Formula One: Built to Win	publisher	SETA Corporation
Neon Genesis Evangelion	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Superiority	publisher	Fantasy House
The Koreans	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Strangers from the Sky	publisher	Pocket Books
Prime Directive	publisher	Pocket Books
Hong Kong Comics: A History of Manhua	publisher	Princeton Architectural Press NY
O Street	publisher	OV Books
O Street	publisher	University of Illinois Press
The Boy Who Grew Flowers	publisher	Barefoot Books
The Cat Who Dropped a Bombshell	publisher	Putnam Adult
Phantom Lady	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Gargoyles	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Diary of a Bad Year	publisher	Text Publishing
Tenchi Muyo! Game Hen	publisher	TamTam Co., Ltd.
Faiths & Avatars	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Babylon 5: Voices	publisher	Del Rey Books
Babylon 5: Blood Oath	publisher	Del Rey Books
Car Wars	publisher	Texas Instruments
Babylon 5: Clark's Law	publisher	Del Rey Books
Babylon 5: The Touch of Your Shadow, the Whisper of Your Name	publisher	Del Rey Books
Babylon 5: Betrayals	publisher	Del Rey Books
Babylon 5: Personal Agendas	publisher	Dell Publishing
Medieval Conquest	publisher	Global Star Software
AEGIS: Guardian of the Fleet	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia	publisher	T. & W. Boone
Mystery of the Abbey	publisher	MultiSim
Mystery of the Abbey	publisher	Days of Wonder
Truman State University Index	publisher	Truman State University
Dragon Quest Characters: Torneko no Daibōken 3	publisher	Enix
Dragon Quest Characters: Torneko no Daibōken 3	publisher	Square Enix
Beyond Capricorn	publisher	East Street Publications
Torneko no Daibōken: Fushigi no Dungeon	publisher	Chunsoft
The Star of Kazan	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Twelfth Imam	publisher	Tyndale House
Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever	publisher	Headline
Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever	publisher	Little, Brown
Alfred Kropp: The Thirteenth Skull	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Mad Dogs	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Inheritance	publisher	Pendulum Publications
The Extremes	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The New New Thing	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Of the Conduct of the Understanding	publisher	Awnsham and John Churchill
Dee Dee Planet	publisher	Sega
The Affirmation	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Breadwinner	publisher	Groundwood Books
Famicom Jump: Hero Retsuden	publisher	Bandai
Mass Spectrometry Reviews	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Hydrologic Engineering	publisher	American Society of Civil Engineers
Hamsterz Life	publisher	Ubisoft
How the Dead Live	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Wrench	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Wrench	publisher	Summit Books
Boris Yeltsin: From Dawn to Dusk	publisher	Interbook
Flashforward	publisher	Tor Books
Bill Bryson's African Diary	publisher	Doubleday
Looney Tunes Collector: Alert!	publisher	Infogrames
Flamin' Finger	publisher	Namco
Prince of Annwn	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Originals	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Jungle King Tar-chan	publisher	Shueisha
The Children of Llyr	publisher	Ballantine Books
Starsweep	publisher	Japan: Namco USA: A1 Games
Close to Shore	publisher	Broadway Books
Mobile Suit Gundam: Journey to Jaburo	publisher	Bandai
Downhill Domination	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Downhill Domination	publisher	Codemasters
Divisadero	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Divisadero	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
To Live Forever	publisher	Ballantine Books
Plant and Soil	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Oecologia	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Open Medicine	publisher	John Willinsky
Far-Seer	publisher	Ace Books
Shopped	publisher	HarperCollins
Neon Genesis Evangelion 2	publisher	Bandai
Astonishing Tales	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Mystery of Banshee Towers	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Touch the Dead	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Schwa Was Here	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Peace Like a River	publisher	Atlantic Inc.
Crash of the Titans	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Cruis'n Velocity	publisher	Midway Games
The Soap Opera Encyclopedia	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Soap Opera Encyclopedia	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Environmental Engineering	publisher	American Society of Civil Engineers
Hatena Satena	publisher	Hudson Soft
Matriarch	publisher	HarperCollins
Shuyaku Sentai Irem Fighter	publisher	Irem
History of the Soul	publisher	Huacheng Publishing House
The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled	publisher	Outerbridge & Lazard, Inc.
The Red Star	publisher	XS Games
Worms: Open Warfare 2	publisher	THQ
Poseidonis	publisher	Ballantine Books
Pellucidar	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Conservation Biology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Conservation Biology
SPQR: The Empire's Darkest Hour	publisher	GT Interactive
Doktor Sleepless	publisher	Avatar Press
History Lesson	publisher	Better Publications
Freedomnomics	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Other Voices, Other Rooms	publisher	Random House
At the Edge of the World	publisher	Ballantine Books
Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation	publisher	Algoritm-kniga
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Out of the Darkness	publisher	Del Rey Books
Wolf Totem	publisher	Changjiang Literature and Arts Publishing House
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Armies of Light and Dark	publisher	Del Rey Books
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – The Long Night of Centauri Prime	publisher	Del Rey Books
Journal of Mass Spectrometry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Made to Stick	publisher	Random House
One Day, All Children	publisher	PublicAffairs
The Girl Who Leapt Through Time	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Girl Who Leapt Through Time	publisher	Alma Books
America Daitōryō Senkyo	publisher	Hect
Code Lyoko	publisher	The Game Factory
Worlds Unknown	publisher	Marvel Comics
Est: Playing the Game	publisher	Delacorte Press
Football Manager Live	publisher	Sega
Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines	publisher	Eidos Interactive
One Bullet Away	publisher	Houghton-Mifflin
Borgel	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
DC Challenge	publisher	DC Comics
The Pacifist	publisher	King Size Magazines
Molecular Plant Pathology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Plant Pathology
American Iron Magazine	publisher	TAM Communications, Inc
Men of Maize	publisher	Losada
Aura	publisher	Era
When Corporations Rule the World	publisher	Kumarian Press
Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs	publisher	Griffith Institute, Oxford
The Carpathians	publisher	Century Hutchinson
Little House in the Big Woods	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Over the Hills and Far Away	publisher	Ballantine Books
Twelve Days of Terror	publisher	Lyons Press
The Sims 2: Bon Voyage	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dust	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche	publisher	1907
Journal of Systems and Software	publisher	Elsevier
Bird Week	publisher	EMI Music Japan
Cycle Race: Road Man	publisher	Tokyo Shoseki
Undertow	publisher	Chair Entertainment
Last Armageddon	publisher	Yutaka
Syracuse Law Review	publisher	Syracuse University College of Law
Special Permit: The Expansion Pack for Cabela's Big Game Hunter	publisher	HeadGames Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter II	publisher	HeadGames Publishing, Inc.
Sambad Kaumudi	publisher	Bhabani Charan Bandyopadhyay, Gobinda Chandra Kongar
Allison	publisher	MediaWorks
Allison	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Lillia and Treize	publisher	MediaWorks
Lillia and Treize	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Spanish Gardener	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
The Spanish Gardener	publisher	Little, Brown
Cabela's Big Game Hunter II: Open Season	publisher	HeadGames Publishing, Inc.
Asuka 120%25 Burning Fest	publisher	FamilySoft
Cabela's Big Game Hunter III	publisher	HeadGames Publishing
Assemblage	publisher	MIT Press
The Song of Rhiannon	publisher	Ballantine Books
Rain	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Beneath the Underdog	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Mr. Bass's Planetoid	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
A Mystery for Mr. Bass	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Time and Mr. Bass	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Giant Robo	publisher	Shogakukan
Giant Robo	publisher	Kodansha
The Princess Diaries, Volume V: Princess in Pink	publisher	HarperCollins
ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron	publisher	Sega
Journal of Water Resources Planning and Management	publisher	American Society of Civil Engineers
Professor Brainium's Games	publisher	Bold Games
Cabela's Big Game Hunter III: The Next Harvest	publisher	Activision
Shishunki Miman Okotowari	publisher	Shogakukan
Tough	publisher	Shueisha
The Humble Administrator's Garden	publisher	Carcanet Press Ltd.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 4	publisher	Activision
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 5: Platinum Series	publisher	Activision
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 6	publisher	Activision Value Publishing, Inc.
The IHOP Papers	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers
Planet Harriers	publisher	Sega
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: Ultimate Challenge	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: 2004 Season	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2006 Trophy Season	publisher	Activision Value
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts: Ultimate Challenge	publisher	Activision
Duluth	publisher	Random House
Blow Fly	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Cabela's Deer Hunt: 2004 Season	publisher	Activision
Homecoming	publisher	Ballantine Books
Cabela's Deer Hunt: 2005 Season	publisher	Activision
Cabela's GrandSlam Hunting: North American 29	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's GrandSlam Hunting: 2004 Trophies	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's 4x4 Off-Road Adventure	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Man into Wolf	publisher	Spring Books, London
Imagine	publisher	Don Turnbull
Russian Amerika	publisher	Baen Books
The Snow	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Historia Mathematica	publisher	Elsevier
The Bronze Horseman	publisher	Sovremennik
Parasite Rex	publisher	Atria Books
Review of Scientific Instruments	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Climatic Change	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Tristia of the Deep-Blue Sea	publisher	Enix
Tristia of the Deep-Blue Sea	publisher	MediaWorks
The Statement	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Insectes Sociaux	publisher	Birkhäuser Verlag
The Stone Key	publisher	Viking Press
Aika R-16: Virgin Mission	publisher	Hobby Japan
The Moon Pool	publisher	All-Story Weekly
The Moon Pool	publisher	Avon
Gekisou Sentai Carranger: Zenkai! Racer Senshi	publisher	Bandai
The Note	publisher	Team Bughouse
The Note	publisher	SunSoft
Rise Up Singing	publisher	Sing Out!
Shutokō Battle '94 Keichii Tsuchiya Drift King	publisher	Bullet Proof Software
Freeglader	publisher	Doubleday
The Vanished Diamond	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Time Soldiers	publisher	SNK Playmore
Into the Wild	publisher	Avon
Into the Wild	publisher	HarperCollins
Fire and Ice	publisher	Avon
Fire and Ice	publisher	HarperCollins
Forest of Secrets	publisher	Avon
Forest of Secrets	publisher	HarperCollins
Rising Storm	publisher	Avon
Rising Storm	publisher	HarperCollins
The Darkest Hour	publisher	HarperCollins
A Stir of Echoes	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Midnight	publisher	HarperCollins
Starlight	publisher	HarperTrophy
Moonrise	publisher	HarperCollins
Dawn	publisher	HarperTrophy
Twilight	publisher	HarperTrophy
Sunset	publisher	HarperCollins
The Sight	publisher	HarperCollins
Letters to Family, Friends, and Editors	publisher	Schocken Books
Churches That Abuse	publisher	Zondervan
Battle Lode Runner	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Darkest Evening of the Year	publisher	Bantam Books
The Princess Diaries, Volume IV: Princess in Waiting	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
2: Project Princess	publisher	HarperCollins
The Princess Diaries, Volume IX: Princess Mia	publisher	HarperCollins
The Princess Diaries, Volume VI: Princess in Training	publisher	HarperCollins
2: The Princess Present	publisher	HarperCollins
4: Valentine Princess	publisher	HarperCollins
2: Sweet Sixteen Princess	publisher	HarperCollins
The Princess Diaries, Volume VII: Party Princess	publisher	HarperCollins
The Princess Diaries, Volume VIII: Princess on the Brink	publisher	HarperCollins
The Princess Diaries, Volume X: Forever Princess	publisher	HarperCollins
The Vanished Man	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Jack Plank Tells Tales	publisher	Scholastic, Inc.
The Instructor	publisher	Deseret Sunday School Union
Allan's Wife and Other Tales	publisher	Spencer Blackett
Boys'n Girl	publisher	Kodansha
The Summer Book	publisher	Sort of Books
A Winter Book	publisher	Sort of Books
Club 9	publisher	Kodansha
Girls Saurus	publisher	Shogakukan
Jacklight	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Supernatural Thrillers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Idol Densetsu Eriko	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dies the Fire	publisher	Roc Books
Slaves of Spiegel	publisher	Four Winds Press
Kitty Foyle	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
The Gospel of Corax	publisher	Soho Press
Tom Clancy's EndWar	publisher	Ubisoft
Absolute Zero	publisher	Domark
The Diamond of Drury Lane	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Demon Beast Invasion	publisher	Wani Magazine
The Graveyard Book	publisher	*
The Graveyard Book	publisher	Harper Collins
The Graveyard Book	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Stan Zielinski	publisher	Alpine Blue Ribbon Books
The Many Ghosts of Doctor Graves	publisher	Charlton Comics
The Physics of Superheroes	publisher	Gotham Books
The Eternal Flame	publisher	Philomel Books
Katamari Damacy Mobile	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Endorfun	publisher	Time Warner
A Model World and Other Stories	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Forever Autumn	publisher	BBC Books
M Is for Magic	publisher	HarperCollins
Cabela's Ultimate Deer Hunt	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's Outdoor Trivia Challenge	publisher	HeadGames Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's Ultimate Deer Hunt 2	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Cabela's Sportsman's Challenge	publisher	HeadGames Publishing, Inc.
The Worms of Kukumlima	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Joke's Over	publisher	William Heinemann
Hulk: The End	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ekaveera	publisher	Bharathi magazine
Rigel's Revenge	publisher	Mastertronic
Kiss the Dust	publisher	William Heneman Ltd
Kiss the Dust	publisher	Penguin Books, Puffin Books
Kiss the Dust	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
Handbook of British Birds	publisher	H. F. & G. Witherby
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare	publisher	Activision
Mr. T	publisher	NOW Comics
Mr. T	publisher	APComics
Snowblind	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
The People of the Mist	publisher	Longmans
Skeleton Coast	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
The Terror	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Action Comics 1	publisher	DC Comics
Section Z	publisher	Capcom
International Journal of Mass Spectrometry	publisher	Elsevier
Love Story	publisher	Harper & Row
Love Story	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Sharpe's Siege	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Allied General	publisher	Mindscape, Inc.
Allied General	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Dead Zone	publisher	Viking Press
Ability	publisher	Chet Cooper
The Record of a Fallen Vampire	publisher	Square Enix
Proteomics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Little Princess: Marl Ōkoku no Ningyō Hime 2	publisher	Nippon Ichi
Robbery Under Arms	publisher	Remington & Co Publishers, London.
Power Engineering	publisher	PennWell Corporation
Journal of Advanced Academics	publisher	Sage Publications
Famicom Jump II: Saikyō no Shichinin	publisher	Bandai
Shadowland	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gimpel the Fool	publisher	Noonday Press
Beyond the Fields We Know	publisher	Ballantine Books
Doctor Dolittle's Post Office	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Moo	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Rex	publisher	Martech
The New Zealand Medical Journal	publisher	New Zealand Medical Association
The New Canada	publisher	Macmillan Canada
The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Empire!	publisher	Firebird Software
The Missouri Review	publisher	University of Missouri
Don Rodriguez: Chronicles of Shadow Valley	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The History of Love	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Shining Wind	publisher	Sega
Fifty-One Tales	publisher	Elkin Mathews Mitchell Kennerly
The Heathen's Guide to World Religions	publisher	Eris Publications
Tekkonkinkreet	publisher	Shogakukan
Railroads Illustrated	publisher	White River Productions
The Last Colony	publisher	Tor Books
Rock n' Bolt	publisher	Activision
Robot Rascals	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ric Hochet	publisher	Dargaud
Ric Hochet	publisher	Le Lombard
Kong Strikes Back!	publisher	Ocean Software
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero	publisher	Epyx
Forbidden Forest	publisher	Cosmi Corporation
Close to Critical	publisher	Ballantine Books
Wetworld	publisher	BBC Books
Halo: Uprising	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sick Building	publisher	BBC Books
European Car	publisher	TEN: The Enthusiast Network
Timeball	publisher	TurboGrafx-16:
Timeball	publisher	NEC, Hudson Soft
Timeball	publisher	Sharp X68000, Game Boy:
Timeball	publisher	Brøderbund, Tonkin House
Burning Fight	publisher	SNK
Commandos: Strike Force	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Commandos 3: Destination Berlin	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Commandos 3: Destination Berlin	publisher	Feral Interactive
Android 2	publisher	Vortex Software
Verses Dedicatory	publisher	Charnel House Press
Microsoft Pinball Arcade	publisher	Microsoft
Microsoft Pinball Arcade	publisher	Classified Games
Shockman	publisher	Masaya
Shockman	publisher	NCS Corporation
Shockman	publisher	Hudson Soft
Making Good Again	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Smith's Gazelle	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Smith's Gazelle	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dominant Species	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Red Ace Squadron	publisher	Small Rockets
Tales of the City	publisher	Harper & Row
Under Plum Lake	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A Plague of Frogs	publisher	Hyperion
Babycakes	publisher	Harper & Row
Further Tales of the City	publisher	Harper & Row
More Tales of the City	publisher	Harper & Row
NASCAR Rumble	publisher	Electronic Arts
Sure of You	publisher	Harper & Row
Significant Others	publisher	Harper & Row
Michael Tolliver Lives	publisher	HarperCollins
The Sorcerer's Ship	publisher	Ballantine Books
H. P. Lovecraft: A Life	publisher	Necronomicon Press
Beyond the Golden Stair	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Shaving of Shagpat	publisher	Chapman and Hall
NBA Ballers: Rebound	publisher	Midway Games
Star Trek: The Next Generation: A World For All Seasons	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
SunAge	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Realms of Wizardry	publisher	Doubleday
Nusutto Kōza	publisher	Indie game
NBA Live 08	publisher	EA Sports
Custom Robo	publisher	Nintendo
Double Phoenix	publisher	Ballantine Books
Silent War	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Invertebrate Pathology	publisher	Elsevier
Tenshi no Present: Marl Ōkoku Monogatari	publisher	Nippon Ichi
Daredevil: End of Days	publisher	Marvel Comics
Star Light	publisher	Ballantine Books
Batavia's Graveyard	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
All the Brothers Were Valiant	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Snakeball	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Bus Driver	publisher	SCS Software
Bus Driver	publisher	Meridian4
Mind Game	publisher	Jove Publishing
Night Game	publisher	Jove Publishing
Grand Theft Auto: London, 1969	publisher	Rockstar Games
Beach Head	publisher	Access Software
Worms: The Director's Cut	publisher	Ocean Software
Tristan	publisher	Reclam
Modoc	publisher	HarperCollins
Antiguo Oriente	publisher	Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina
Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Crook Factory	publisher	William Morrow
Loop	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Loop	publisher	Vertical Inc.
The Festival of San Joaquin	publisher	Heinemann
Politics Lost	publisher	Doubleday and Broadway Books
Time and the River	publisher	Heinemann
Attention Please	publisher	Kodansha
Past Perfect	publisher	Viking Press
Lance!	publisher	A
Leviathan	publisher	Simon Pulse
Necessary But Not Sufficient	publisher	North River Press
Doctor Pascal	publisher	Charpentier
NBA Live 95	publisher	EA Sports
NBA Live 97	publisher	Electronic Arts
NBA Live 97	publisher	THQ
NBA Live 96	publisher	Electronic Arts
NBA Live 96	publisher	THQ
Star Ocean: The Last Hope	publisher	Square Enix
Hunting Mister Heartbreak	publisher	Picador
Love and War in the Apennines	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Heaven Shop	publisher	Fitzhenry and Whiteside
Moon Cresta	publisher	Nichibutsu, Taito, Sega-Gremlin, Centuri, HAMSTER Corporation
The Original Astro Boy	publisher	NOW Comics
Jornal dos Sports	publisher	Editora dos Sports Ltda.
AirForce2	publisher	www.aforce2.com
My Idea of Fun	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Rise the Euphrates	publisher	Random House
Coasting	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Waxwings	publisher	Pantheon Books
Surveillance	publisher	Pantheon Books
Rainbow Magic	publisher	Little Apple
At the Center of the Storm	publisher	HarperCollins
Rising '44	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Shiroi Senshi Yamato	publisher	Shueisha
Rascal	publisher	Psygnosis
Doll	publisher	Shodensha
Five Are Together Again	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Constructive Approximation	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Approximation Theory	publisher	Elsevier
The Looming Tower	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
World Sports Competition	publisher	Hudson Soft
I Am America	publisher	Warner Books
No Telephone to Heaven	publisher	Dutton Adult
Havana Heat	publisher	Sports Illustrated
The Colored American	publisher	Charles Bennett Ray
Ah Diddums	publisher	Imagine Software
Booty	publisher	Telecomsoft
Guess How Much I Love You	publisher	UK: Walker Books
Guess How Much I Love You	publisher	US: Candlewick Press
Psychosis	publisher	NEC
They Went Thataway	publisher	Ballantine Books
More Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School	publisher	Scholastic Press
Steel Beach	publisher	Berkley Books
Trencher	publisher	Image Comics
Journal of Biology	publisher	BioMed Central
And the Big Men Fly	publisher	Heinemann
Good King Harry	publisher	Harper & Row
Each Man's Son	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
Monkey Bridge	publisher	Penguin Group
Boomsday	publisher	Twelve
Voici	publisher	Prisma Presse
Applied Spectroscopy Reviews	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Devil's Crush	publisher	NEC
Devil's Crush	publisher	Tengen
Devil's Crush	publisher	Technosoft
The Sleepwalker	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Dreaming in Cuban	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach	publisher	Random House
The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach	publisher	New York, New York
No Humans Involved	publisher	Bantam ,
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08	publisher	EA Sports
The Two Tigers	publisher	ROH Press
The Two Tigers	publisher	Donath
Sharpe's Enemy	publisher	William Collins, Sons
EA Playground	publisher	Electronic Arts
Le Bizzarre Avventure di GioGio: Vento Aureo	publisher	Capcom
Exodus	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Silverball	publisher	MicroLeague Multimedia, Inc.
Khaled: A Tale of Arabia	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Imaginary Worlds: The Art of Fantasy	publisher	Ballantine Books
Journal of Research Practice	publisher	Athabasca University Press
Fantasy Interactive Scenarios by Telephone	publisher	Computerdial
Fourteen Hills	publisher	San Francisco State University
Ojarumaru	publisher	Shogakukan
Ojarumaru	publisher	Shueisha
A Doctor's Report on Dianetics	publisher	Julian Messner
A Doctor's Report on Dianetics	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Course of Time	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons
Son of the Red Corsair	publisher	Donath
The Chameleon's Shadow	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Chameleon's Shadow	publisher	Pan Books
Route-16	publisher	Centuri
Route-16	publisher	Sunsoft
Young Justice: Graduation Day	publisher	DC Comics
A Vulgar Display of Power: Courage and Carnage at the Alrosa Villa	publisher	MJS Music and Entertainment
007: Licence to Kill	publisher	Domark
Child	publisher	Meredith Corporation
God of War III	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Complete Peanuts	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Haym Salomon, Son of Liberty	publisher	Julian Messner
List of Transformers books	publisher	Ballantine Books
List of Transformers books	publisher	Fun Publications
List of Transformers books	publisher	IDW Publishing
List of Transformers books	publisher	Kid Stuff Records & Tapes
List of Transformers books	publisher	Ladybird Books
List of Transformers books	publisher	Marvel Books
The Simpsons Game	publisher	Electronic Arts
MotoRace USA	publisher	Irem
MotoRace USA	publisher	Williams
Lineage Eternal	publisher	NCSOFT
Fracture	publisher	LucasArts
Great Apes	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Dorian, an Imitation	publisher	Viking Press
The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis	publisher	Hutchinson
Gifts of Deceit	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Est: The Steersman Handbook	publisher	Bantam Books
Est: The Steersman Handbook	publisher	Capricorn Press
Super Locomotive	publisher	Sega
Journal of Transnational Law & Policy	publisher	Florida State University College of Law
Church Times	publisher	GJ Palmer & Sons Ltd,
Church Times	publisher	a wholly owned subsidiary of Hymns Ancient and Modern
Gentlemen of the Road	publisher	Del Rey Books,
Gentlemen of the Road	publisher	Sceptre
Bill Badger and the Pirates	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Dynamic Ski	publisher	Taiyo System
Dynamic Ski	publisher	Nichibutsu
The Idylls of the Queen	publisher	Ace Books
The Neighbor	publisher	Twin State's Publishing
The Neighbor	publisher	Watseka, Illinois
God and the State	publisher	Dover
Ski or Die	publisher	Electronic Arts, Ultra Games
L.A. Confidential	publisher	The Mysterious Press
Trends in Analytical Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Crazy Climber 2	publisher	Nichibutsu, HAMSTER
Proceedings of the British Academy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Japrocksampler	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Let the Right One In	publisher	St. Martin's Press
J.J. & Jeff	publisher	Hudson Soft
Nightlong: Union City Conspiracy	publisher	Balmoral Software
Journal of International Business Studies	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Last Grain Race	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Last Grain Race	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Not on Our Watch	publisher	Hyperion
Breaking Strain	publisher	Standard Magazines
The Malay Archipelago	publisher	Macmillan
Hypatia: A Journal of Feminist Philosophy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Cartoon Network Speedway	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Day the Leader was Killed	publisher	Doubleday Eng. trans.
By the Great Horn Spoon!	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Feud	publisher	Mastertronic
Grandfather Stories	publisher	Random House
Machine Hunter	publisher	MGM Interactive
A Certain Magical Index	publisher	ASCII Media Works
A Certain Magical Index	publisher	Square Enix
A Certain Magical Index	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Dark Challenge	publisher	Dorchester Publishing
The £1,000,000 Bank Note and Other New Stories	publisher	Charles L. Webster and Company
The £1,000,000 Bank Note and Other New Stories	publisher	Chatto and Windus
What Mad Universe	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Journal of Computational Chemistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Martians, Go Home	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Come Rack! Come Rope!	publisher	Burns & Oates
Come Rack! Come Rope!	publisher	Hutchinson
The Problem of the Covered Bridge	publisher	Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine
Essentials of Programming Languages	publisher	MIT Press
On Chesil Beach	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Profits of Religion	publisher	Self
Queen Bee	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Problem of the Old Gristmill	publisher	Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine
NHL 08	publisher	EA Sports
Shrek: Hassle at the Castle	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Dancing with the Stars	publisher	Activision  & THQ Valusoft
Congo The Movie: The Lost City of Zinj	publisher	Sega
Denise Vega	publisher	Little, Brown
Gosick	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Gosick	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Ohikkoshi	publisher	Kodansha
Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord	publisher	Secker and Warburg
The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Glory	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Sisters of Wellber	publisher	Mag Garden
Bloodbrothers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga	publisher	LucasArts
Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga	publisher	Feral Interactive
Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Dragon Ball	publisher	Shueisha
Babylon 5: A Call to Arms	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
Vivisector: Beast Within	publisher	1
Spider-Man: Friend or Foe	publisher	Activision
Jimmy White's 'Whirlwind' Snooker	publisher	Virgin Games
The Unsex'd Females	publisher	William Cobbett
Changeling: The Lost	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Better Than Sex	publisher	Random House
Work: A Story of Experience	publisher	Roberts Bros., Boston
Jimmy White's 2: Cueball	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Skulduggery Pleasant	publisher	HarperCollins
Original Sin: Illuminating the Riddle	publisher	Eerdmans
Escape from Rungistan	publisher	Sirius Software
Venture to the Moon	publisher	Evening Standard
Letters to Felice	publisher	Schocken Books
The Golden Rendezvous	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Golden Rendezvous	publisher	Doubleday
A Good Man in Africa	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
An Ice-Cream War	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Toward the Terra	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Toward the Terra	publisher	Square Enix
Nat Tate: An American Artist 1928–1960	publisher	Edition Stemmle
From Dusk Till Dawn	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Dragon Head	publisher	Kodansha
Ashen Victor	publisher	Shueisha
Armadillo	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Armadillo	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Touching Darkness	publisher	EOS Books
Time and the Gods	publisher	William Heinemann
The Troika	publisher	Ministry of Whimsy Press
FIFA 08	publisher	EA Sports
Wormwood: Gentleman Corpse	publisher	IDW Publishing
Eye	publisher	Berkley Books
The Last Remnant	publisher	Square Enix
Sir Green Hat and the Wizard	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Skywriting by Word of Mouth	publisher	Harper and Row Publishers
Yume Kira Dream Shoppe	publisher	Shogakukan
Dissidia Final Fantasy	publisher	Square Enix
Birth of America	publisher	AGEOD
Ageod's American Civil War	publisher	Matrix Games
Ageod's American Civil War	publisher	Ascaron
Astroparticle Physics	publisher	Elsevier
Varthabharathi	publisher	Abdussalam Puthige
Star Warrior	publisher	Epyx
No Treason	publisher	Self-published
Spyglass Board Games	publisher	Freeverse Software
The Blue Afternoon	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson
Darkstalkers: The Night Warriors	publisher	Capcom
Starfleet Orion	publisher	Epyx
Invasion Orion	publisher	Epyx
Hydrophobia	publisher	Dark Energy Digital
Hydrophobia	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Politics of Religious Apostasy	publisher	Praeger Publishers
The Summoner	publisher	Solaris Books
The Summoner	publisher	Double Dragon Publishing
Scion	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Tokyo Wars	publisher	Namco
Blue Noon	publisher	EOS Books
The Plucker	publisher	Abrams
1999: Hore, Mita koto ka! Seikimatsu	publisher	Coconuts Japan
The Bookshop	publisher	Gerald Duckworth
The Beast House	publisher	Feature
The Midnight Tour	publisher	Feature
Journal of Medical Imaging and Radiation Oncology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
No Way to Treat a First Lady	publisher	Random House
Gundam Seed: Rengou vs. Z.A.F.T.	publisher	Bandai
Soulcalibur Legends	publisher	Namco Bandai
Jurassic Park III: Dino Defender	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Clock Tower	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
Journal of Functional Programming	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Voodoo Child	publisher	Virgin Comics
Final Fantasy IV	publisher	Square Enix
Legionnaire	publisher	Avalon Hill
Soltrio Solitaire	publisher	Silver Creek Entertainment
The Islamist	publisher	Penguin Books
Crispin: At the Edge of the World	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Attack Vector: Tactical	publisher	Ad Astra Games
Crazyhorse	publisher	College of Charleston
The Program	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Hope in the Unseen	publisher	Broadway Books
Miracle Warriors: Seal of the Dark Lord	publisher	Sega
Drawn to Life	publisher	505
God Is Not Great	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Bid Time Return	publisher	Viking Press
Mister B. Gone	publisher	HarperCollins
De Re Atari	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Carcassonne	publisher	Sierra Online
Condemned 2: Bloodshot	publisher	Sega
Condemned 2: Bloodshot	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
High Stakes on the Vegas Strip: Poker Edition	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Star Wars Battlefront: Renegade Squadron	publisher	LucasArts
Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm	publisher	Sega
Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm	publisher	Mondo Media
Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm	publisher	Media Blasters
Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo's Dungeon	publisher	Square Enix
Saints Row 2	publisher	THQ
Fire in the Minds of Men	publisher	Transaction Publishers
EverQuest II: Rise of Kunark	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment , Koch Media
Little Green Men	publisher	Random House
Rise of the Argonauts	publisher	Codemasters
Race Driver: Grid	publisher	Codemasters
Race Driver: Grid	publisher	Sega ,
Race Driver: Grid	publisher	Feral Interactive
EURASIP Journal on Advances in Signal Processing	publisher	SpringerOpen
Dragon Slayer: The Legend of Heroes	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Dragon Slayer: The Legend of Heroes	publisher	Hudson Soft
A Week of Garfield	publisher	Towa Chiki
Hexic 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Monthly Index of Medical Specialities	publisher	Haymarket Media Group
Winter of Fire	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Sand Chronicles	publisher	Shogakukan
Body Count	publisher	Sega
Heavy Liquid	publisher	Vertigo
The White Lioness	publisher	Ordfront
The Man Who Smiled	publisher	Ordfront
One Step Behind	publisher	Ordfront
The Fifth Woman	publisher	Ordfront
Before the Frost	publisher	Leopard förlag
End Games	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Draining Lake	publisher	Random House
Dandy	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Not in the Flesh	publisher	Hutchinson
Not in the Flesh	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Black Man	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Dark Fire	publisher	Dorchester Publishing
Esper Mami	publisher	Shogakukan
Aegis Wing	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Starship Trap	publisher	Pocket Books
Cults: Faith, Healing and Coercion	publisher	Oxford University Press
Doberman Deka	publisher	Shueisha
Tony Hawk's Proving Ground	publisher	Activision
Wild Ones	publisher	Hakusensha
Elder Wisdom Circle	publisher	Penguin Group
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	publisher	THQ
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	publisher	Nickelodeon
Nicktoons: Attack of the Toybots	publisher	THQ
Comprehensive History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints	publisher	The LDS Church and Deseret News Press
America Alone	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Inside Front	publisher	CrimethInc.
Rusty String Quartet	publisher	CrimethInc.
Stone Hotel	publisher	CrimethInc.
Batman & Robin	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Batman & Robin	publisher	Tiger Electronics
Dragon Slayer: The Legend of Heroes II	publisher	Falcom
Depths	publisher	Random House
Kennedy's Brain	publisher	Random House
Annual Review of Astronomy and Astrophysics	publisher	Annual Reviews
Bounty Hounds	publisher	Namco
Inside Delta Force	publisher	Delacorte Press
The House of the Arrow	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The House of the Arrow	publisher	George H. Doran Company
Blood Secret	publisher	HarperCollins
The 3rd Birthday	publisher	Square Enix
Fatal Frame: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse	publisher	Nintendo
Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution	publisher	Academic Press
Bomberman Live	publisher	Hudson Soft
Rescue Shot	publisher	Namco
Gondibert	publisher	John Holden
Colin McRae: Dirt	publisher	Codemasters
Harbinger	publisher	CrimethInc.
ESPN MLS GameNight	publisher	Konami
The Cliffhanger: Edward Randy	publisher	Data East
All Gods Children	publisher	Chilton Book Co
Letters to a Young Brother	publisher	Gotham
Florence of Arabia	publisher	Random House
Ben 10: Protector of Earth	publisher	D3 Publisher
Mariner's Mirror	publisher	Society for Nautical Research
Dr. Mukti and Other Tales of Woe	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Minna de Kitaeru Zenno Training	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Vietcong 2	publisher	2
Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny: Rengou vs. Z.A.F.T. II	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
How Many Miles to Babylon%3F	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
How Many Miles to Babylon%3F	publisher	Doubleday
The Challenge of the Cults and New Religions	publisher	Zondervan
The Adventures of Totor	publisher	Le Boy Scout Belge
Dark Reflections	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Dark Secret	publisher	Jove Publishing
The Archaeologist	publisher	Institute for Archaeologists
Warriors: Power of Three	publisher	HarperCollins
Fools Crow	publisher	Viking
Hugo	publisher	Silverrock Productions
Ironclaw Online	publisher	Skotos
World Embryo	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Vendémiaire no Tsubasa	publisher	Kodansha
The Psychology of the Psychic	publisher	Prometheus Books
The New Green Consumer Guide	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Daily Dispatch	publisher	Times Media Group
Forest of the Pygmies	publisher	Plaza & James Editores
Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
Blast Off at Woomera	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Essential Charles Eastman	publisher	World Wisdom
The Domes of Pico	publisher	Faber and Faber
Three Months in the Southern States	publisher	University of Nebraska Press; Reprint edition
Death Star	publisher	Del Rey Books
Bass Strike	publisher	THQ
The ClueFinders 6th Grade Adventures: The Empire of the Plant People	publisher	The Learning Company
Austin Powers Pinball	publisher	Gotham Games
Ski Resort Tycoon II	publisher	Activision Value
Ski Resort Extreme	publisher	Global Star Software
Hollywood	publisher	Random House
The Behavior of Organisms	publisher	Appleton-Century
Mythos	publisher	Chaosium
Australian Journal of Zoology	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
Operation Columbus	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Carbon War	publisher	Penguin
Expedition Venus	publisher	Faber and Faber
Mapping the Atari	publisher	COMPUTE!
Moon Base One	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Monkey's Raincoat	publisher	Bantam Books
Love and War	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Parrish	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Exit Ghost	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time and Explorers of Darkness	publisher	The Pokémon Company
The Qwaser of Stigmata	publisher	Akita Shoten
Law and Literature	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of Cardozo Law School
Diary of a Wimpy Kid	publisher	Abrams Books
Nineteenth-Century Literature	publisher	University of California Press
Destination Mars	publisher	Faber and Faber
Classical Antiquity	publisher	University of California Press
Bomberman Kart	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bibliotheca Sacra	publisher	Dallas Theological Seminary
Waku Waku Volley	publisher	Success Game Studios
Asian Survey	publisher	University of California Press
The Excalibur Alternative	publisher	Baen Books
Cirie	publisher	Writers Club Press
Evil Islands: Curse of the Lost Soul	publisher	Nival Interactive
A Piece of Steak	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
Doctor Dolittle's Circus	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Doctor Dolittle's Caravan	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Confrontation	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Westminster Theological Journal	publisher	Westminster Theological Seminary
Drop Mania	publisher	Hjem-IS
Superstars	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
Who is Guru Maharaj Ji%3F	publisher	Bantam Books
Terror by Satellite	publisher	Faber and Faber
Journey to Jupiter	publisher	Faber and Faber
New Testament Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
1 Litre no Namida	publisher	Gentosha Inc.
Pain	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Courting Justice	publisher	Miramax Books
Journal of Biblical Literature	publisher	Society of Biblical Literature
Mushi-Uta	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mushi-Uta	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Last Summer	publisher	Riverhead Books
Reading Myself and Others	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Mission to Mercury	publisher	Faber and Faber
Spaceship to Saturn	publisher	Faber and Faber
Midnight Club: Los Angeles	publisher	Rockstar Games
Phoenix and Ashes	publisher	DAW Books
Harvard Theological Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Harvard Divinity School
Rental Magica	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Nightwood	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Deus Ex: Human Revolution	publisher	Square Enix
The Mohole Mystery	publisher	Faber and Faber
Journal of the Evangelical Theological Society	publisher	Evangelical Theological Society
Journal for the Study of the New Testament	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal for the Study of the Old Testament	publisher	Sage Publications
Nearly Neptune	publisher	Faber and Faber
Essential Sudoku DS	publisher	D3 Publisher
High Velocity Bowling	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Giant Jam Sandwich	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Catholic Biblical Quarterly	publisher	Catholic Biblical Association of America
Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties	publisher	Macsoft
Panzer General III: Scorched Earth	publisher	Mattel
The Enemy Within	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Tenth City	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
SideScrollers	publisher	Oni Press
The Cry of the Icemark	publisher	The Chicken House
Nautilus	publisher	Synapse Software
By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept	publisher	Editions Poetry
First Contact%3F	publisher	Faber and Faber
Passage to Pluto	publisher	Faber and Faber
Gilda Joyce	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
Darker Than You Think	publisher	Fantasy Press
Virtual Pool 3	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Virtual Pool 3	publisher	Global Star Software
Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith	publisher	Deseret Book Company
Rhett Butler's People	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Rubik's Games	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
The Gum Thief	publisher	Random House
Terry	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
Beautiful Stranger	publisher	Little Brown
Bad Girls	publisher	Doubleday
World War III	publisher	DC Comics
British Summertime	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Syphon Filter: Logan's Shadow	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Super Doubles Tennis	publisher	Data East
Inshallah	publisher	Doubleday
My Kinsman, Major Molineux	publisher	Samuel Griswold Goodrich
My Kinsman, Major Molineux	publisher	Ticknor, Reed & Fields
Twinkle Stars	publisher	Hakusensha
The Modern World	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Lombard Street: A Description of the Money Market	publisher	Henry S. King & Co.
Puzzle Quest: Galactrix	publisher	D3 Publisher
Oh My God!	publisher	Atlus
The Roman Hat Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Roman Hat Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The French Powder Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The French Powder Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Strategic Command: European Theater	publisher	Battlefront.com
How Doctors Think	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Spellbound	publisher	Beyond Software
Lion of Macedon	publisher	Random House
Tony Hale, Space Detective	publisher	Faber and Faber
Murder on Mars	publisher	Faber and Faber
My Life Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
My Word Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Children	publisher	Atlus
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Children	publisher	Atlus, Rocket Company
Sit Down and Shut Up	publisher	New World Library
Parachute	publisher	Home Vision
The Dig	publisher	Viking Press
The Dutch Shoe Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Dutch Shoe Mystery	publisher	Gollancz
The Greek Coffin Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Greek Coffin Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
This Magazine Is Haunted	publisher	Fawcett Comics
This Magazine Is Haunted	publisher	Charlton Comics
The Egyptian Cross Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Egyptian Cross Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Siamese Twin Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Siamese Twin Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Promised Land	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Comic High!	publisher	Futabasha
Coloretto	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Coloretto	publisher	Abacus
Coloretto	publisher	999
The American Gun Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The American Gun Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Argall: The True Story of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith	publisher	Viking Press
Crush	publisher	Sega
BCV: Battle Construction Vehicles	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Soldiers at War	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
LETTERS	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
International Journal of Wireless Information Networks	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Dual Destinies	publisher	Capcom
Smash Court Tennis 3	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Sudokuro	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Breathing for a Living	publisher	Disney Hyperion
The Judas Window	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Judas Window	publisher	Heinemann
Batman: The Dark Knight	publisher	DC Comics
Panzer Commander	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
The Sundering Flood	publisher	Kelmscott Press
The Water of the Wondrous Isles	publisher	Kelmscott Press
The Wood Beyond the World	publisher	Kelmscott Press
The Big Fellow	publisher	Thomas Nelson and Sons
Mountain of Faith	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
IBM and the Holocaust	publisher	Crown Books
Engleby	publisher	Hutchinson
Rayman Raving Rabbids 2	publisher	Ubisoft
The Time Traders	publisher	World Publishing Co.
Foes of Ali	publisher	EA Sports
Bloodline	publisher	Penguin Group
Metal Bulletin	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Ariel	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Fūma no Kojirō	publisher	Shueisha
Fūma no Kojirō	publisher	Akita Shoten
Ururun Quest: Koiyuuki	publisher	D3 Publisher
Arabian Nights	publisher	Krisalis Software
Thomas Jefferson: Author of America	publisher	Harper Collins
Love, Poverty, and War	publisher	Nation Books
The Garden Murder Case	publisher	Scribner's
The Garden Murder Case	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Why Orwell Matters	publisher	Basic Books
Art+Auction	publisher	Louise Blouin Media
The Rain God	publisher	Alexandrian
Language Acquisition: A Journal of Developmental Linguistics	publisher	Lawrence Erlbaum Associates
La Abadía del Crimen	publisher	Opera Soft
What Remains	publisher	Bullfinch Press
Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ringing Bell	publisher	Shueisha
The Chinese Orange Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Chinese Orange Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Spanish Cape Mystery	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Spanish Cape Mystery	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Lamp of God	publisher	Detective Story
The Lamp of God	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Agency: Covert Ops	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis	publisher	THQ
C-Dogs	publisher	Ronny Wester
Dawn	publisher	Analog & Five Star
Panzer Dragoon Mini	publisher	Sega
The King's Damosel	publisher	Avon
The Blues Brothers	publisher	Jove ; MCA Publishing
Pather Panchali	publisher	Ranjan Prakashalay, BY 1336,
Cripps the Carrier	publisher	Sampson Low, Marston, & Company
Shion no Ō	publisher	Kodansha
Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity	publisher	1989
The Last Sin Eater	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
The Atonement Child	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
X-COM: Enforcer	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
X-COM: Enforcer	publisher	Infogrames
Halfway House	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Halfway House	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Aunt Jane's Nieces Out West	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Papa to Kiss in the Dark	publisher	Hakusensha
Aunt Jane's Nieces on the Ranch	publisher	Reilly & Britton
If They Give You Lined Paper, Write Sideways	publisher	Steerforth Press
The Prince	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Gundam Side Story 0079: Rise from the Ashes	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Boundary 2	publisher	Duke University Press
Amazing Tater	publisher	Atlus
Sly Cooper	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Final Deduction	publisher	Viking Press
Alien's Return	publisher	Home Vision
Samurai Widow	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Belushi: A Biography	publisher	www.ruggedland.com
Winning the Oil Endgame	publisher	Rocky Mountain Institute
May Bird and the Ever After	publisher	Atheneum Books
Muhammad Ali Heavyweight Boxing	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Theatre of War	publisher	Battlefront.com
Garfield's Nightmare	publisher	Game Factory
Death in Silver	publisher	Street & Smith
Stations	publisher	Ulsterman Publications
The Philosophical Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Ratio	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Firefighter F.D.18	publisher	Konami
Soccer Mania	publisher	Electronic Arts
Soccer Mania	publisher	Lego Interactive
Second Glance	publisher	Atria
Discovery! The Search for Arabian Oil	publisher	Selwa Press
Fairyland's Beauty	publisher	Dean and Wolf
The John Riddell Murder Case	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Moral Animal	publisher	Vintage Books
Grand Canary	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Grand Canary	publisher	Little, Brown
International Affairs	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Chatham House
Blazing Angels 2: Secret Missions of WWII	publisher	Ubisoft
MAGiMAGi	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Chronicles of Riddick: Assault on Dark Athena	publisher	Atari
Invincible	publisher	Del Rey Books
Wurm: Journey to the Center of the Earth	publisher	SOFEL
Wurm: Journey to the Center of the Earth	publisher	Asmik
Toy Racer	publisher	Sega
Folk and Fairy Tales	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
The Lottery Rose	publisher	Scribners
Little Children	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Buzz! Junior: Robo Jam	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
GURPS Shapeshifters	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Moto Racer 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Landscape of Love	publisher	Time Warner Books
Lamborghini	publisher	Majesco Games
Buzz!: The Mega Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wizard: The Life and Times of Nikola Tesla	publisher	Citadel Press
Tesla: Man Out of Time	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Demonic Toys	publisher	Eternity Comics
Prodigal Genius: The Life of Nikola Tesla	publisher	Ives Washburn
The Man Who Invented the Twentieth Century	publisher	Headline
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	publisher	Zavod za udžbenike i nastavna sredstva
Patriots: A Nation Under Fire	publisher	SilverLine Software
Himalaya	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The House That Berry Built	publisher	Ward Lock & Co
Promise Not to Tell	publisher	HarperCollins
Here Come the Blobbies	publisher	Pers Publishing
Seeker	publisher	Ace Books
Hunter Hunted	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Evander Holyfield's Real Deal Boxing	publisher	Sega
Inside Himalaya	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Inside Sahara	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Timebomb	publisher	CDS Microsystems
Tales of Space and Time	publisher	Doubleday
Jimmy Connors Pro Tennis Tour	publisher	Ubisoft
International Superstar Soccer	publisher	Konami
First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Jane's F-15	publisher	Electronic Arts
A Man of the People	publisher	HarperPrism
List of 24 media	publisher	Press Pass, Inc.
Geometry Wars: Galaxies	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Snuff	publisher	Doubleday
Is Shakespeare Dead%3F	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Armed Police Unit Gallop	publisher	Irem
Sacred Journeys	publisher	Columbia University Press
Kodomo no Jikan	publisher	Futabasha
Moments of Reprieve	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
Sensible World of Soccer	publisher	Renegade Software
Sensible World of Soccer	publisher	GT Interactive
Sensible World of Soccer	publisher	Codemasters
Sensible World of Soccer	publisher	Microsoft
Anti-intellectualism in American Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sitt Marie Rose	publisher	The Post-Apollo Press
El Mercenario	publisher	Norma Editorial
The Wild Bunch	publisher	Firebird Software
Full Circle – Michael Palin	publisher	BBC Books
Dateline: Toronto	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Mugen Spiral	publisher	Hakusensha
Starcross	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Incredible Hulk	publisher	Sega
The Incredible Hulk	publisher	Vivendi Games
Ninja Kid	publisher	Namco Bandai
Oath of Swords	publisher	Baen Books
Thomas Paine's %22Rights of Man%22: A Biography	publisher	Atlantic Inc.
Battle Realms: Winter of the Wolf	publisher	Ubisoft
Cloud Pictures	publisher	Lee, Shepard, & Dillingham
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Tactical Strike	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Red Dead Redemption	publisher	Rockstar Games
Haruhi Suzumiya	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Haruhi Suzumiya	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Scoop	publisher	Telarium, Spinnaker Software
Greatest Heavyweights	publisher	Sega
F29 Retaliator	publisher	Ocean Software
Twilight Struggle	publisher	GMT Games
The Monkey King	publisher	Shueisha
Japan Sinks	publisher	Kodansha International
Journal of Symbolic Logic	publisher	Association for Symbolic Logic
Journal of Philosophical Logic	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Secret Service 2	publisher	Activision Value
Pole to Pole: The Photographs	publisher	BBC Books
Silence	publisher	Taplinger Publishing Company
In the Belly of the Bloodhound	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Keroro Land	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Maske: Thaery	publisher	Putnam Publishing
Ophthalmology	publisher	American Academy of Ophthalmology
Ophthalmology	publisher	Elsevier
With Women	publisher	Australian College of Midwives
Mushroom Men	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
Selling Blue Elephants	publisher	Wharton School Publishing
Journal for Healthcare Quality	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Association for Healthcare Quality
Kindred Spirits	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Alhambra	publisher	Vivendi Games
The Football Factory	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A Dreamer's Tales	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Five Plays	publisher	Grant Richards
Five Plays	publisher	Mitchell Kennerley
Full Circle: The Photographs	publisher	BBC Books
Arc the Lad	publisher	Enix
Please Understand Me	publisher	Prometheus Nemesis Book Company
Functional Plant Biology	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
A Question of Guilt	publisher	Simon Pulse
Remains	publisher	IDW Publishing
William's Doll	publisher	Harper & Row
Empress Orchid	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
True Grit	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Immunology	publisher	The American Association of Immunologists
Ciske de Rat	publisher	Elsevier
Snowball's Chance	publisher	Roof Books
Fairlight	publisher	Edge Games
Letters to Milena	publisher	Schocken Books
Capitalist Nigger	publisher	Timbuktu Publishers
The English Historical Review	publisher	Oxford University Press
High Point Enterprise	publisher	Paxton Media Group
Penetrator	publisher	Melbourne House
Around the World in 80 Days	publisher	BCA
Jumping Jack	publisher	Imagine Software
The Popular Magazine	publisher	Street & Smith
Rugby 08	publisher	Electronic Arts
Monkey Hero	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Quazatron	publisher	Hewson Consultants
The Solarians	publisher	Paperback Library
The Lost Warrior	publisher	HarperCollins and Tokyopop
The Hanging Valley	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Necessary End	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Past Reason Hated	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Wednesday's Child	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Orange Box	publisher	Valve Corporation
Black Magic	publisher	Datasoft
My-HiME Destiny	publisher	Hobby Japan
Vi är inte ensamma	publisher	Boknöje AB
Survival Crisis Z	publisher	Ska Studios
Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy	publisher	University of New South Wales Press
Sahara	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Madagascar: Operation Penguin	publisher	Activision
Dry Bones That Dream	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Becoming Jane Austen	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group
Innocent Graves	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Dead Right	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Skimrande vårar	publisher	Boknöje AB
In a Dry Season	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Forty Words for Sorrow	publisher	Random House
The Blind Man of Seville	publisher	HarperCollins
The White Knight	publisher	Oliver & Boyd
Woman's World	publisher	Atlantic
The Silent and the Damned	publisher	HarperCollins
The Hidden Assassins	publisher	HarperCollins
Grimble	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Hemingway Adventure	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Generals	publisher	Hodder Headline
Encyclopedia of the History of Arabic Science	publisher	Routledge
Pro Evolution Soccer 2008	publisher	Konami
ChemPlusChem	publisher	Wiley-VCH on behalf of the Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic
Atlantis Evolution	publisher	The Adventure Company
Silent Thunder: A-10 Tank Killer II	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
It Can Happen Here	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books, an imprint of St. Martin's Press
Smart Moves	publisher	Great River Books
The Man of Adamant	publisher	Samuel Griswold Goodrich
The Man of Adamant	publisher	Ticknor, Reed & Fields
Dōjin Work	publisher	Houbunsha
Bulldog Drummond	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Dementium: The Ward	publisher	Nintendo DS  Nintendo 3DS
Dementium: The Ward	publisher	Renegade Kid
Personality and Social Psychology Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology	publisher	Elsevier
Law and Human Behavior	publisher	American Psychological Association
Sinking Island	publisher	Microïds/Encore
Sinking Island	publisher	Micro Application
Izvestiya: Mathematics	publisher	Turpion, London Mathematical Society, Russian Academy of Sciences
Gulf War: Operation Desert Hammer	publisher	3
Visst katten har djuren själ!	publisher	Boknöje AB
Myth: History in the Making	publisher	System 3
ACM Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
The Last Book of Wonder	publisher	Elkin Mathews
The Last Book of Wonder	publisher	John W. Luce
Cold is the Grave	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Aftermath	publisher	William Morrow
The Summer That Never Was	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Playing with Fire	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Piece of My Heart	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Strange Affair	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Friend of the Devil	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Red Faction: Guerrilla	publisher	THQ
Kjære Margit	publisher	Bladkompaniet AS
Solomon Time	publisher	Abacus
Don't Look Back	publisher	Random House
He Who Fears the Wolf	publisher	Random House
When the Devil Holds the Candle	publisher	Random House
Black Seconds	publisher	Random House
Rocket Girls	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Almost Moon	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Playing for Pizza	publisher	Doubleday
Nevermind	publisher	Psyclapse
The Bondwoman's Narrative	publisher	Warner Books
Dragon Quest & Final Fantasy in Itadaki Street Portable	publisher	Square Enix
Between Mom and Jo	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Fairy Godmother Tycoon	publisher	Electronic Arts
1945	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Savage Detectives	publisher	Anagrama
Wizard and the Princess	publisher	On-Line Systems
LA Street Racing	publisher	Groove Media Inc.
City of the Dead	publisher	Delirium Books
City of the Rats	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Street Fighter	publisher	UDON
The Lion King: Simba's Mighty Adventure	publisher	Disney Interactive
Hitohira	publisher	Futabasha
Drömmen om en vän	publisher	Boknöje AB
Potemayo	publisher	Futabasha
Touché: The Adventures of the Fifth Musketeer	publisher	CentreGold
Touché: The Adventures of the Fifth Musketeer	publisher	U.S. Gold
TouchMaster	publisher	Midway Games
TouchMaster	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Homo Faber	publisher	Abelard-Schuman
Pac-Man Championship Edition	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Bourne Ultimatum	publisher	Random House
TalesRunner	publisher	Smilegate
TalesRunner	publisher	RHAON
TalesRunner	publisher	Funtown
TalesRunner	publisher	FunTown
TalesRunner	publisher	Shanda
TalesRunner	publisher	TOT
TalesRunner	publisher	Asiasoft
TalesRunner	publisher	gPotato
TalesRunner	publisher	nowcom
TalesRunner	publisher	Winnerhub
TalesRunner	publisher	OGPlanet
TalesRunner	publisher	Gemscool
TalesRunner	publisher	Nurigo GamesSgame
Pacific War series	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Paleobiology	publisher	Paleontological Society
SimCity Societies	publisher	Electronic Arts
Skattejakten	publisher	Bladkompaniet AS
Mission: Impossible	publisher	Atari
StoryQuarterly	publisher	Rutgers–Camden
Baseball Advance	publisher	THQ
Baseball Advance	publisher	Sega
WorldShift	publisher	Playlogic International, FX Interactive, Akella, Black Sea Studios, Black, Inc.
The Journal of Modern History	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Abominable Firebug	publisher	iUniverse
Sketchbook	publisher	Mag Garden
Tomorrow	publisher	Picador
The Third Part of the Pilgrim's Progress	publisher	\
Call Me Francis Tucket	publisher	Random House
Tucket's Ride	publisher	Delacorte Press
Tucket's Home	publisher	Random House
Tucket's Gold	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Proteus Operation	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Nicaragua Betrayed	publisher	Western Islands
Grow Up	publisher	Canongate Books
The Tony Years	publisher	Ebury Press
This Is Craig Brown	publisher	Ebury Press
The Virtu	publisher	Ace Books
Mélusine	publisher	Ace Books
Treasure Planet: Battle at Procyon	publisher	Disney Interactive
The Mirador	publisher	Ace Books
Prime Green: Remembering the Sixties	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Cytron Masters	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Evening Class	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Orc King	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Love and Other Impossible Pursuits	publisher	Doubleday
The Ghost King	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Pirate King	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Darkest of Days	publisher	Phantom EFX
Darkest of Days	publisher	Valcon Games
Lego Universe	publisher	The Lego Group
Brewer's Rogues, Villains and Eccentrics	publisher	Phoenix
SimCity	publisher	Electronic Arts
Airman	publisher	Hyperion
Children of God	publisher	Villard
The Weight-Loss Cure %22They%22 Don't Want You to Know About	publisher	Alliance Publishing
The Last English King	publisher	Little, Brown
Self	publisher	Condé Nast
Toradora!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Spice and Wolf	publisher	ASCII Media Works
House of Suns	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Good Luck! Ninomiya-kun	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Godzilla: Kaijuu no Daishingeki	publisher	Sega
Nibiru: Age of Secrets	publisher	The Adventure Company
Growing Up Brady	publisher	HarperCollins , Good Guy Entertainment
Sun Storm	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
A Place of Execution	publisher	Penguin Books Canada
Paul of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
Death Masks	publisher	New American Library
Wings of Glory	publisher	Electronic Arts
Acta Ornithologica	publisher	Polish Academy of Science
Escape from Fire Mountain	publisher	Random House
Population and Environment	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Rodomonte's Revenge	publisher	Yearling Books
The Legend of Red Horse Cavern	publisher	Yearling Books
The Snack Thief	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Snack Thief	publisher	Picador
The Terracotta Dog	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Terracotta Dog	publisher	Picador
The Shape of Water	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Shape of Water	publisher	Picador
The Return	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Blood Spilt	publisher	Delacorte , Viking
Shame	publisher	Canongate Books
Slaphappy	publisher	HarperCollins
Gubble	publisher	Actual Entertainment \nMud Duck Productions, Midas Interactive Entertainment
Magic's Child	publisher	Razorbill
Magic Lessons	publisher	Razorbill
Games and Economic Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
The Land	publisher	Phyllis Fogelman
Human Grand Prix IV: F1 Dream Battle	publisher	Human Entertainment
Magic or Madness	publisher	Razorbill
World of Fantasy	publisher	Atlas Comics
Optik	publisher	Elsevier
Earth	publisher	Doubleday
Scarlet Feather	publisher	Signet Books
Enomoto: New Elements that Shake the World	publisher	Kodansha
Verdigris Deep	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Tales of Three Hemispheres	publisher	John W. Luce & Co.
Cugel's Saga	publisher	Timescape Books
Cugel's Saga	publisher	Underwood-Miller
Prey	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew	publisher	Warner Books Inc
Triton of the Sea	publisher	Kodansha
A Logic Named Joe	publisher	Street and Smith
Bound for Glory	publisher	E.P. Dutton
The Broken Spears	publisher	UNAM
BioTechniques	publisher	Informa BioSciences
Blue Latitudes	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Soul Rush	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
The Pump House Gang	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Skin & Bones	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Oh! Edo Rocket	publisher	Kodansha
Daredevils	publisher	Pocket Books
Daredevils	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Daredevils	publisher	Gale
A Will to Survive	publisher	Pocket Books
A Will to Survive	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Hunt for the Four Brothers	publisher	Pocket Books
The Hunt for the Four Brothers	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dead Reefs	publisher	The Adventure Company
Oho!	publisher	Aller
Global Agenda	publisher	Hi-Rez Studios
Makaimura for WonderSwan	publisher	Bandai
Popular Communications	publisher	CQ Communications
The Shifting Sands	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Den mörka sanningen	publisher	Boknöje AB
Reclaiming History	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The King of the Copper Mountains	publisher	J. M. Dent
Oxford Review of Economic Policy	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Fox in the Attic	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Fox in the Attic	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Florida Review	publisher	University of Central Florida
The Scarlet Plague	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The President Is Missing	publisher	Cosmi
Sons of Destiny	publisher	HarperCollins
Sons of Destiny	publisher	Little, Brown
The Candle in the Wind	publisher	William Collins, Sons
America's Army: True Soldiers	publisher	Ubisoft
The Ignition Factor	publisher	Jaleco
The Mutant Virus: Crisis in a Computer World	publisher	ASC Games
Idiot Stick	publisher	Ballantine Books
Gears of War 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Epidemic!	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
Shadowgrounds: Survivor	publisher	Frozenbyte
Shadowgrounds: Survivor	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Forgotten Voices of the Great War	publisher	Ebury Press
Forgotten Voices of the Falklands	publisher	Ebury Press
The Voice of the Violin	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Voice of the Violin	publisher	Picador
Excursion to Tindari	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Excursion to Tindari	publisher	Picador
The Scent of the Night	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Scent of the Night	publisher	Picador
Rounding the Mark	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Rounding the Mark	publisher	Picador
Lost Empire	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Journal of Baltic Studies	publisher	Routledge
Messenger of Mathematics	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Slavonic and East European Review	publisher	Maney Publishing
Magnetic Resonance in Chemistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Warlords Battlecry III	publisher	Enlight
GeoJournal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Pity Is Not Enough	publisher	Harcourt Brace
The Curious Sofa	publisher	I. Obolensky
Holocaust and Genocide Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
My Life as a Fake	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
My Life as a Fake	publisher	Faber & Faber
Contemporary European History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Ragged Dick	publisher	A. K. Loring
The Overlook	publisher	Little, Brown , Orion
Immaterial	publisher	MirrorDanse Books
Sword Song	publisher	HarperCollins
Asia-Pacific Journal of Chemical Engineering	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Driver: LA Undercover	publisher	Ubisoft
Applied Organometallic Chemistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Brain	publisher	Oxford University Press
Luminescence	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Biomedical Chromatography	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Chemometrics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Flavour and Fragrance Journal	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Applied Toxicology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Labelled Compounds and Radiopharmaceuticals	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Molecular Recognition	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
NMR in Biomedicine	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Phytochemical Analysis	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Physical Organic Chemistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Polymers for Advanced Technologies	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Peptide Science	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Peptide Society
Claudine at St.Clare's	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Surface and Interface Analysis	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Shadow Knights	publisher	Softdisk
X-Ray Spectrometry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Raman Spectroscopy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics	publisher	Nauka
Pop. 1280	publisher	Gold Medal Books
The Witch of Portobello	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers, 1st US Edition .
Terrain	publisher	Archéologie, Ethnologie, Inventaire et Système d'Information section of the Ministère de la Culture et de la Communication and the Fondation de la Maison des Sciences de l'Homme in Paris
Plausible Worlds	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Willa	publisher	Playboy Enterprises
Tonto Basin	publisher	Five Star
Tonto Basin	publisher	Leisure Books
Tetris Splash	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Through a Glass, Clearly	publisher	Four Square Books
Astronomy Letters	publisher	Interperiodica
The Crack-Up	publisher	New Directions Publishing
F-22: Air Dominance Fighter	publisher	Infogrames
Echo Park	publisher	Little, Brown , Orion
A Little Learning	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Plasma Sword: Nightmare of Bilstein	publisher	Capcom
The Laws of Physics	publisher	Basic Books Inc.
The Laws of Physics	publisher	Pelican Publishing Company
A Ramble Round the Globe	publisher	Chatto and Windus
A Ramble Round the Globe	publisher	Neil Wilson Publishing
Collins-Robert French Dictionary	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers, Dictionnaires Le Robert-SEJER
Omega Five	publisher	Hudson Soft
Skinner's Rules	publisher	Hodder Headline
Skinner's Trail	publisher	Hodder Headline
Naturwissenschaften	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Soulcalibur IV	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Soulcalibur IV	publisher	Ubisoft
Power Rangers: Super Legends	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Pilgrims	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Manliness	publisher	Yale University Press
Out Stealing Horses	publisher	Harvill Secker
Out Stealing Horses	publisher	Graywolf Press
Out Stealing Horses	publisher	Forlaget Oktober
SeaWorld Adventure Parks Tycoon	publisher	Activision Value
KimiKiss	publisher	Enterbrain
KimiKiss	publisher	Square Enix
KimiKiss	publisher	Hakusensha
KimiKiss	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying	publisher	HarperCollins
Sunneva Jaarlintytär	publisher	Tammi
The Prisoner of Zhamanak	publisher	Phantasia Press
Vehkalahden neidot	publisher	Tammi
Sunneva keisarin kaupungissa	publisher	Tammi
Portrait of M and N	publisher	Hakusensha
Tiles of the Dragon	publisher	Softdisk
Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin	publisher	Tammi
Viipurin kaunotar	publisher	Tammi
Aatelisneito, porvaristyttö	publisher	Tammi
Eva Luna	publisher	Editorial Oveja Negra
RC Revenge Pro	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Peacemaker	publisher	BBC Books
The Pirate Loop	publisher	BBC Books
Colony Wars	publisher	Psygnosis
Orphan at My Door	publisher	Scholastic Canada
Colony Wars: Vengeance	publisher	Psygnosis
Colony Wars: Red Sun	publisher	Psygnosis
It's Superman!	publisher	Chronicle Books
It's Superman!	publisher	Ballantine Books
Jak and Daxter: The Lost Frontier	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wishing Well	publisher	BBC Books
Skallagrigg	publisher	Viking Press
Kun nainen hallitsi, rakasti ja vihasi	publisher	Tammi
Wideacre	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wideacre	publisher	Viking Press
God Medicine	publisher	Konami
People of the Wolf	publisher	Tor Books
South Park and Philosophy: Bigger, Longer, and More Penetrating	publisher	Open Court
Future Diary	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat	publisher	Tammi
Pappilan neidot	publisher	Tammi
Rakas Henrietta	publisher	Tammi
Karjalan kruunu	publisher	Tammi
Rautalilja	publisher	Tammi
Neidontanssi	publisher	Tammi
East of Samarinda	publisher	Bowling Green State University Popular Press
Hons and Rebels	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Ruusulaakso	publisher	Tammi
Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter	publisher	IOP Publishing
Scarlet Riders	publisher	Mosaic Press
Oxford Latin Dictionary	publisher	Oxford University Press
Lucky	publisher	Poppy Publishing
The Elder Scrolls Travels	publisher	Vir2L Studios
The Elder Scrolls Travels	publisher	Vir2L Studios, Nokia
Muhammad: A Prophet for Our Time	publisher	Harper Collins
Secret of the Sirens	publisher	Oxford University Press
American McGee's Grimm	publisher	Turner Broadcasting System
Toast: And Other Rusted Futures	publisher	Cosmos Books
Toast: And Other Rusted Futures	publisher	Wildside Press
Geobios	publisher	Elsevier
Girl, Missing	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Crude Buster	publisher	Data East
Tron: Solar Sailer	publisher	Mattel
Jane's IAF: Israeli Air Force	publisher	Electronic Arts
Portugaliae Acta Biologica	publisher	Museu, Laboratório e Jardim Botânico da Universidade de Lisboa
Anatomy of a Typeface	publisher	David R. Godine, Publisher
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Battle Orchestra	publisher	BROCCOLI
Briar Rose	publisher	Tor Books , Tor Teen paperback
Spellcasting 101: Sorcerers Get All The Girls	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Revista de Biologia	publisher	Museu, Laboratório e Jardim Botânico da Universidade de Lisboa
Dragoneer's Aria	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Prince of Persia	publisher	Ubisoft
Strait Jacket	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Mega Man Star Force 2	publisher	Capcom
Eggomania	publisher	US Games
The Adventure of Rock	publisher	Kodansha
Spellcasting 201: The Sorcerer's Appliance	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Spellcasting 301: Spring Break	publisher	Legend Entertainment
Alabaster	publisher	Akita Shoten
Age of Adventure	publisher	Kodansha
Death at La Fenice	publisher	Arrow Books
Captain Flight Comics	publisher	Four Star Publications
Contact Comics	publisher	Aviation Press
Sun and Shadow	publisher	Harvil , Viking
Frozen Tracks	publisher	Harvil
To Court the King	publisher	Amigo Spiele
To Court the King	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Nightmare Circus	publisher	Tec Toy
Things That Fall from the Sky	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Jaguar Smile	publisher	Picador
Six Days or Forever%3F	publisher	Beacon Press
Icar	publisher	Rob Lang
Agatha Christie: Evil Under the Sun	publisher	The Adventure Company
Fireworks: Nine Profane Pieces	publisher	Quartet Books
Birth of a Salesman	publisher	This Week
The Testament	publisher	Forge Books
Angel Gunfighter	publisher	Tokodo
Porvarin morsian	publisher	Kolmiokirja
Angel's Hill	publisher	Kodansha
The Finishing Stroke	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Birdman Anthology	publisher	Hayakawa Publishing Corporation
Bomba!	publisher	Kodansha
Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star	publisher	Shadow Mountain
Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star	publisher	Aladdin Books
Brave Dan	publisher	Shogakukan
Critical Factor	publisher	Ballantine Books
Zombie-Loan	publisher	Square Enix
The Franchise Affair	publisher	Peter Llewelyn Davies
The House at Riverton	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Vendela	publisher	Tammi
Saint Seiya: Next Dimension	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Superman Monster	publisher	DC Comics
Fire Candy	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Pit	publisher	Taito
The Pit	publisher	Centuri
The Pit	publisher	Zilec/Zenitone
Sticky Wicket at Blandings	publisher	Playboy
Metal Masters	publisher	Electro Brain
Metal Masters	publisher	Infogrames
A Tragic Legacy	publisher	Crown Publishing Group ; Three Rivers Press
The Office	publisher	MumboJumbo
Ai-Ren	publisher	Hakusensha
Encyclopedia Brunoniana	publisher	Brown University
Interventions	publisher	City Lights Books
Interventions	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Vanajan Joanna	publisher	Tammi
Vaskilintu	publisher	Tammi
Uhritulet	publisher	Tammi
Kuukiven kevät	publisher	Tammi
Profit over People	publisher	Seven Stories Press
The Sky Crawlers	publisher	Chuōkōron-shinsha
Contra 4	publisher	Konami
Safari	publisher	Nagendra Vijay
The Easter Parade	publisher	Delacorte Press/S. Lawrence
Sonic Rivals 2	publisher	Sega
The Dreadnaught Factor	publisher	Activision
Wilco: Learning How to Die	publisher	Broadway Books
Warhammer 40,000: Squad Command	publisher	THQ
Miniatures Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Mystery of the Druids	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Magic: The Gathering	publisher	MicroProse
Spider Kiss	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Steve Marriott: All Too Beautiful...	publisher	Helter Skelter Publishing
Ophelia's Revenge	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Days of His Grace	publisher	Vanguard Press
World Orders Old and New	publisher	Columbia University Press
Brilliant Magic	publisher	Shogakukan
Lethaia	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	publisher	CounterPunch
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	publisher	AK Press
Biometrics	publisher	International Biometric Society
Biometrics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Stonehenge	publisher	Spielzeit
Stonehenge	publisher	Edge Entertainment
Stonehenge	publisher	Paizo Publishing
Dogland	publisher	Tor Books
Venice	publisher	PopCap Games
Town & Country II: Thrilla's Surfari	publisher	LJN
Slinky Malinki	publisher	Mallinson Rendel
A Specimen of the Botany of New Holland	publisher	James Sowerby
Mystic Warriors	publisher	Konami
Hairy Maclary's Bone	publisher	Mallinson Rendel Publishers Limited
Rollo And The Brush Bros	publisher	Windmill Software
Slinky Malinki Open The Door	publisher	Mallinson Rendel
Nature Precedings	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Blood Warrior	publisher	Kaneko
Monster Maulers	publisher	Konami
Anthills of the Savannah	publisher	Heinemann
Crime and Justice	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Beyond the Gates of Dream	publisher	Belmont Books
Electronic Design	publisher	Bill Baumann
God of War: Betrayal	publisher	Sony Pictures Digital
Kings of the Beach	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kings of the Beach	publisher	Ultra Games
Erak's Ransom	publisher	Random House
Gekitotsu Dangan Jidōsha Kessen: Battle Mobile	publisher	System Sacom
Tupac Remembered	publisher	Becker & Mayer
The Gift	publisher	Penguin Books
Tuulihaukka	publisher	Tammi
Echo: Secrets of the Lost Cavern	publisher	The Adventure Company
Echo: Secrets of the Lost Cavern	publisher	Coladia Games
Indra's Net	publisher	HarperCollins
Travels in the Scriptorium	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Silencing Dissent	publisher	Allen & Unwin Pty LTD
The Secret Battle	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Sonic Chronicles: The Dark Brotherhood	publisher	Sega
Tubeway	publisher	Datamost
Frisk	publisher	Grove Press
Ninja Cadets	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Public Law	publisher	Sweet & Maxwell
Tribal Scars	publisher	INSCAPE
Human Molecular Genetics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Space Strike	publisher	Datamost
Destination Treasure Island	publisher	Nobilis
Thief	publisher	Datamost
Spectre	publisher	Datamost
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	publisher	Capcom
American Journal of Bioethics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Scorched Tanks	publisher	Dark Unicorn Productions
Creatures of the Night	publisher	Stabur Press
Boku no Natsuyasumi 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Scorcher: The Dirty Politics of Climate Change	publisher	Black Inc. Agenda
The Singing	publisher	Penguin Books
Lost Worlds	publisher	DAW Books
Meat magazine	publisher	Comag
A Wrinkle in the Skin	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers: The Adventures in Nimnul's Castle	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers: The Adventures in Nimnul's Castle	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Maziacs	publisher	Dk'tronics
Subwar 2050	publisher	MicroProse
MechWarrior 2: Mercenaries	publisher	Activision
Chariots of War	publisher	Strategy First
The Adventures of Mao on the Long March	publisher	Citadel Press
The Mailroom: Hollywood History from the Bottom Up	publisher	Ballantine Books
Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Crisis Force	publisher	Konami
Paratrooper	publisher	Orion Software
Obsidian	publisher	Artic Computing
Neuro Hunter	publisher	Koch Media
The Mathematics Educator	publisher	University of Georgia
More Ghost Stories	publisher	Edward Arnold
Journal of British Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Journal of Consumer Research	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journal of Labor Economics	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Journal of Law and Economics	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Journal of Legal Studies	publisher	University of Chicago Press for the University of Chicago Law School
Supreme Court Economic Review	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Captain Ken	publisher	Shogakukan
Chief Detective Kenichi	publisher	Kodansha
The Fire Thief	publisher	Kingfisher
The Crater	publisher	Akita Shoten
Bioethics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Crime and Punishment	publisher	Tokodo
Tornado	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte
The Burning Mountain	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, Publishers
Skinner's Round	publisher	Hodder Headline
Australian Journal of Management	publisher	Sage Publications
The Story of San Michele	publisher	John Murray
Strange Toys	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Carter Beats the Devil	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Test Drive Unlimited 2	publisher	Atari, Inc.
X-Men: Gamesmaster's Legacy	publisher	Sega
Environmental Health Perspectives	publisher	National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences
Enchanter	publisher	Square Enix
House of Meetings	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Emperor	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Modern Philology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Haunted Castle	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Caramuru	publisher	Régia Oficina Tipográfica
Zig Zag	publisher	Dk'tronics
Shugo Chara!	publisher	Kodansha
Asmik-kun Land	publisher	Asmik
The Devil of the Earth	publisher	Kodansha
The Devil of the Earth	publisher	Akita Shoten
Supernatural Role Playing Game	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions, Ltd
Asmik-kun World 2	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Diary of Ma-chan	publisher	Mainichi Newspaper
Don Dracula	publisher	Akita Shoten
Dr. Thrill	publisher	Shogakukan
Duke Goblin	publisher	Akita Shoten
Journal of American Folklore	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Dragon Harper	publisher	Del Rey Books
X-Men: Mojo World	publisher	Sega
Savage Messiah	publisher	Del Rey Books
Innocent Bird	publisher	Kadokawa Publishers
Kiichi!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Star Wars PocketModel Trading Card Game	publisher	WizKids
The Endless Steppe	publisher	Harper Collins
Bible Review	publisher	Biblical Archaeology Society
Six Days of War	publisher	Oxford University Press
You Are Empty	publisher	1
You Are Empty	publisher	Atari
Iisalmen serkku ja muita kertomuksia	publisher	Tammi
The Transformers	publisher	Ocean Software
Robert Ludlum's The Bourne Conspiracy	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Journal of Biomolecular NMR	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Another Century's Episode 3: The Final	publisher	Banpresto
Winterthur Portfolio	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Comparative Education Review	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Wolves of Willoughby Chase	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ruma kreivitär	publisher	Tammi
Elementary School Journal	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Saippuaprinsessa	publisher	Tammi
Ilkeät sisarpuolet	publisher	Tammi
Clinical Infectious Diseases	publisher	Oxford University Press
Second Chance: Three Presidents and the Crisis of American Superpower	publisher	Basic Books
Trap Door	publisher	Robert Lichtman
The Man Who Ate the Phoenix	publisher	Jarrolds
The Magic of Atlantis	publisher	Lancer Books
International Journal of Plant Sciences	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Journal of Infectious Diseases	publisher	Oxford University Press
Physiological and Biochemical Zoology	publisher	University of Chicago Press on behalf of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology
The Journal of Geology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
The Journal of Business	publisher	University of Chicago Press
History of Religions	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Ethics	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Philosophy of Science	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Osiris	publisher	University of Chicago Press for the History of Science Society
Turnaround: Crisis, Leadership, and the Olympic Games	publisher	Regnery Publishing
A Catalogue of Crime	publisher	Harper & Row
From the Holy Mountain	publisher	HarperCollins
Death of a Dissident	publisher	Free Press
The Age of Kali	publisher	Penguin Books
Begums Thugs and White Mughals	publisher	Eland Books
The Last Mughal	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Galactic Empires	publisher	Companion Games
Beowulf and Grendel	publisher	Watkins
The Good News	publisher	United Church of God
Civilization Revolution	publisher	2
Majokko Tickle	publisher	Akita Shoten
Majokko Tickle	publisher	Shogakukan
Gheos	publisher	Z-Man Games
Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance	publisher	THQ
Dexter's Laboratory: Chess Challenge	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
On the Banks of Plum Creek	publisher	Harper & Brothers
European Vibe Magazine	publisher	European Vibe Entertainment S.L
Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing Division
The Plague Court Murders	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Plague Court Murders	publisher	Heinemann
Texas Almanac	publisher	Texas State Historical Association
Silfade series	publisher	Indie game
Construction-Destruction	publisher	ValuSoft
Europe-Asia Studies	publisher	Routledge
The Russian Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Umineko When They Cry	publisher	Square Enix
Umineko When They Cry	publisher	Ichijinsha
Umineko When They Cry	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Umineko When They Cry	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Umineko When They Cry	publisher	Kodansha Box
Beyond the Beyond	publisher	Mag Garden
The Repository	publisher	Melanie C LOPEZ
The Dare Game	publisher	Doubleday
The Third Life of Grange Copeland	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Police Quest II: The Vengeance	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Bioelectromagnetics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Chaotic Trading Card Game	publisher	Chaotic USA and TC Digital Games
Police Quest: In Pursuit of the Death Angel	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Jurassic Park Adventures: Survivor	publisher	Random House
Jurassic Park Adventures: Prey	publisher	Random House
Jurassic Park Adventures: Flyers	publisher	Random House
Critique of Criminal Reason	publisher	Faber and Faber
TerraDrive	publisher	Technomancer Press, LLC
MechWarrior	publisher	FASA Corporation
MechWarrior	publisher	Fantasy Productions
The Fire Eternal	publisher	Orchard Books, an imprint of Scholastic Press
Fire Star	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Legend of Blacksilver	publisher	Epyx
Spectral Force 3: Innocent Rage	publisher	Idea Factory
Spectral Force 3: Innocent Rage	publisher	Atlus
Cruis'n	publisher	Midway Games
Yaahting	publisher	Elizabeth Meyer
The Far Side Gallery 5	publisher	Andrews, and McMeel
The Far Side Gallery 3	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing, LLC
The Far Side Gallery 2	publisher	Andrews, McMeel, and Parker
The Far Side Gallery	publisher	Andrews and McMeel
Police Quest III: The Kindred	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Pig Scrolls	publisher	Puffin Books
The Swords of Zinjaban	publisher	Baen Books
3D Tanx	publisher	Dk'tronics
The Shattered Sphere	publisher	Tom Doherty Assoc Llc
Critical Path	publisher	St Martins Press
Double Cross	publisher	Little, Brown
Ateneo Law Journal	publisher	Ateneo de Manila University School of Law
The Bones of Zora	publisher	Phantasia Press
Wing-Man	publisher	Shueisha
The Politics of Bones	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Edge of Evolution	publisher	Free Press
Smash Court Tennis Pro Tournament 2	publisher	Namco
Smash Court Tennis Pro Tournament 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters	publisher	Bantam Press
The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters	publisher	Penguin Books
Maureen Birnbaum, Barbarian Swordsperson	publisher	Doubleday Books
A March into Darkness	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pioneer, Go Home!	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Studies in American Political Development	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Katakis	publisher	Rainbow Arts
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Napoleon	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Kon Kon Kokon	publisher	Broccoli
Igraine the Brave	publisher	The Chicken House,\n Dressler
Hot Shots Golf: Out of Bounds	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Missbehave	publisher	Adrian Moeller
Health Service Journal	publisher	Ascential
The Entomologist's Record and Journal of Variation	publisher	Amateur Entomologists' Society
The Semantic Turn	publisher	Taylor & Francis
7 Blades	publisher	Konami
Beginning with a Bash	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Beginning with a Bash	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Cut Direct	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Cut Direct	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Cold Steal	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Cold Steal	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Left Leg	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Left Leg	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Northern Crown	publisher	Atlas Games
The Hollow Chest	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Hollow Chest	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Electrophoresis	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Murakumo: Renegade Mech Pursuit	publisher	Ubisoft
File for Record	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
File for Record	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Dead Ernest	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Dead Ernest	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Iron Clew	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Iron Clew	publisher	Collins  as The Iron Hand
Murder at the New York World's Fair	publisher	Random House
Kogaratsu	publisher	Dupuis
Kogaratsu	publisher	Spirou magazine
Small Favor	publisher	Roc Books
The Hand in the Glove	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Carnival Games	publisher	Global Star Software
The Land of the Silver Apples	publisher	Atheneum Books
Twisted Souls	publisher	Time Warner Books
The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	publisher	Random House
The Conan Chronicles, 2	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Time Ace	publisher	Konami
Jorkens Borrows Another Whiskey	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Dragon Waiting	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Mountain Cat	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Skinner's Ordeal	publisher	Hodder Headline
Tiger's Roar	publisher	Savannah State University
Taki's Magazine	publisher	Taki Theodoracopulos
The Far Shore of Time	publisher	Tor Books
Saraband of Lost Time	publisher	Avon Books
Bill Walsh College Football '95	publisher	EA Sports
The Big Oyster: History on the Half Shell	publisher	Penguin Group
Elfmania	publisher	Renegade Software
On the Run	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Lincoln Lawyer	publisher	Little, Brown , Orion
Zero Critical	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Maybe the Moon	publisher	HarperCollins
Ricochet Infinity	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Little Pollon	publisher	Akita Shoten
Skinner's Mission	publisher	Hodder Headline
Benkei in New York	publisher	Shogakukan
Bara no Tame ni	publisher	Shogakukan
Gallery Whispers	publisher	Hodder Headline
Murmuring the Judges	publisher	Hodder Headline
Skinner's Ghosts	publisher	Hodder Headline
J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Alzheimer's Disease	publisher	IOS Press
Escape from Freedom	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Jesus the Magician	publisher	HarperCollins
Star Wars: Darth Bane: Rule of Two	publisher	Del Rey Books
Arthur's Teacher Trouble	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Odd Girl Out	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Sail On! Sail On!	publisher	Thrilling Publications
I Am a Woman	publisher	Fawcett Gold Medal Books
Women in the Shadows	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Women in the Shadows	publisher	Cleis Press
Just Tricking!	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia
Girls of Riyadh	publisher	Fig Tree
Beast Wars	publisher	IDW Publishing
Review of Economic Dynamics	publisher	Elsevier
The Message of the Sphinx	publisher	Crown Publishers
Limbo of the Lost	publisher	Tri Synergy
Limbo of the Lost	publisher	G2 Games
Mirror's Edge	publisher	Electronic Arts
Holy Wood	publisher	Unpublished
The Empty Chair	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Irish Gold	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Lace	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Whiskey	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Mist	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Eyes	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Stew!	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Love	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Cream	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Crystal	publisher	Forge Books
Irish Linen	publisher	Forge Books
Ninja Gaiden	publisher	Sega
Ninja Gaiden	publisher	Sega
Collins Spanish Dictionary	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers, Grupo Editorial Random House Mondadori S.L.
Beggars and Choosers	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Newtons Sleep	publisher	Random Static
One Good Knight	publisher	LUNA Books
Of Grammatology	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
GURPS Blood Types	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Kenkō Zenrakei Suieibu Umishō	publisher	Kodansha
Starbook	publisher	Rider
The Tenderness of Wolves	publisher	Quercus
A Storyteller in Zion	publisher	Bookcraft
Kai Lung's Golden Hours	publisher	Grant Richards Ltd.
Switchball	publisher	Sierra Online
One of Our Thursdays is Missing	publisher	Penguin Books
Anil Aggrawal's Internet Journal of Forensic Medicine and Toxicology	publisher	Anil Aggrawal
The Journal of Neuroscience	publisher	Society for Neuroscience
RocketBowl	publisher	GarageGames
Descent into Hell	publisher	Faber and Faber
World Empire	publisher	Viable Software Alternatives
Treehouse	publisher	Looney Labs
Shining Force Gaiden	publisher	Sega
The Million-Year Centipede, or, Liquid Structures	publisher	Raw Dog Screaming Press
The Last Empress	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Journey to a Woman	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Journey to a Woman	publisher	Cleis Press
Jumpgate Evolution	publisher	Codemasters
Densetsu no Stafy	publisher	Nintendo
De Blob	publisher	THQ
De Blob	publisher	THQ Wireless
Densetsu no Stafy 2	publisher	Nintendo
Russh	publisher	Switzer Media and Publishing Pty Ltd
Densetsu no Stafy 3	publisher	Nintendo
Munto	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Spectral Gene	publisher	Idea Factory
Forge of War	publisher	Boom! Studios
Virocop	publisher	Renegade Software
Monte Carlo	publisher	PBI Software
Death of a Doxy	publisher	Viking Press
Battle Club	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Oriental Stories	publisher	J.C. Henneberger
The Stone of Laughter	publisher	Riad El-Rayyes books
The Abstinence Teacher	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Shield of Achilles: War, Peace, and the Course of History	publisher	Penguin Group
Angel Light	publisher	Forge Books
Grania: She-King of the Irish Seas	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Metal Slader Glory	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Metal Slader Glory	publisher	Nintendo
Bi Any Other Name	publisher	Alyson Publications
Hello Kitty's Cube Frenzy	publisher	NewKidCo
Hello Kitty's Cube Frenzy	publisher	Culture Publishers
Hello Kitty's Cube Frenzy	publisher	Ubisoft
Parasite Eve	publisher	Square
Monkey Girl	publisher	Ecco
Billy the Kid's Old Timey Oddities	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Pacific Between	publisher	Behler Publications
Beebo Brinker	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Beebo Brinker	publisher	Naiad Press
Beebo Brinker	publisher	Cleis Press
The Secret World of Terijian	publisher	CrimethInc.
The American Journal of the Medical Sciences	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Space Siege	publisher	Sega
Penrod	publisher	Doubleday, Page
Our Day Out	publisher	Hutchinson Education
Command Decision	publisher	Little, Brown
Fox on the Rhine	publisher	Tor Books
The Great Space Race	publisher	Legend
The Big Splash	publisher	Birch Lane Press
The Big Splash	publisher	Carol Publishing Group
The Price	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Sayonara, Zetsubou-Sensei	publisher	Kodansha
Naruto: Clash of Ninja	publisher	Tomy
Naruto: Clash of Ninja	publisher	Takara Tomy
Naruto: Clash of Ninja	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Wounded Sky	publisher	Pocket Books
Happy!	publisher	Shogakukan
Black Sexual Politics: African Americans, Gender, and the New Racism	publisher	Routledge
The Kristal	publisher	Addictive Games
The Kristal	publisher	Cinemaware
Nash Country Weekly	publisher	American Media
Section Zero	publisher	Image Comics
Commanders: Attack of the Genos	publisher	Sierra Online
Perfect Match	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hot Wheels Stunt Track Driver	publisher	THQ
The Paranoia Complex	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Citadel 2	publisher	Superior Software
The Contortionist's Handbook	publisher	Cage
Dermaphoria	publisher	Cage
Demon Theory	publisher	Cage Publishing
All the Beautiful Sinners	publisher	Rugged Land, LLC
The Fast Red Road: A Plainsong	publisher	Fiction Collective 2
Kiss Me, Judas	publisher	Viking Press
A World Apart	publisher	Arbor House
Southern Humanities Review	publisher	Auburn University
Star Wreck Roleplaying Game	publisher	Energia Productions
Summer Knight	publisher	Penguin Putnam
Gopher	publisher	US Games
The Mother Hunt	publisher	Viking Press
Papillon	publisher	Kodansha
Legendary	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
Legendary	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Legendary	publisher	Atari
A Sea So Far	publisher	Viking Press
Dweep	publisher	Dexterity Software
Stellar Conquest	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
Terra Primate	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
A Scourge of Screamers	publisher	Bantam Books
The Travel Tales of Mr. Joseph Jorkens	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Jorkens Has a Large Whiskey	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Jorkens Remembers Africa	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co.
The Last Book of Jorkens	publisher	Night Shade Books
In a Pickle	publisher	Gamewright
Kure-nai	publisher	Shueisha
Plättchen Twist 'n' Paint	publisher	Bplus
Laura	publisher	Colliers, 1942 ; Houghton Mifflin, 1943 .
Martiros Kavoukjian	publisher	M. Kavoukjian
Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock	publisher	Activision
Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock	publisher	Aspyr Media
Burndive	publisher	Warner Aspect
Dark Wind Blowing	publisher	HarperCollins
Cagebird	publisher	Warner Aspect
Platoon Leader	publisher	Presidio Press
Traxxpad	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tales of the World: Narikiri Dungeon 2	publisher	Namco
Rockin' Heaven	publisher	Shueisha
Romance of the Three Kingdoms III: Dragon of Destiny	publisher	Koei
British Journal of Pharmacology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Pharmacological Society
Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana	publisher	Theosophical Society, Adyar
The Goose Girl	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Enna Burning	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Austenland	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Nang!	publisher	Tower Hamlets Summer Uni
Princess Academy	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
The Fog	publisher	New English Library
The Tangled Skein	publisher	Greening & Co
River Secrets	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Book of a Thousand Days	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Destroy All Humans! Big Willy Unleashed	publisher	THQ
Phoebe	publisher	George Mason University
Input Magazine	publisher	Marshall Cavendish
A Tranquil Star	publisher	Penguin Books
Trading Up	publisher	Hyperion
The Stone Monkey	publisher	Simon & Schuster
LMNO	publisher	Electronic Arts
Under the Jolly Roger	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Greyhawk: The Adventure Begins	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Greyhawk: The Adventure Begins	publisher	TSR, Inc.
What Has Government Done to Our Money%3F	publisher	Ludwig Von Mises Institute
The Left Hand of God	publisher	HarperCollins
Faust	publisher	Fuji Shobo
Boom Blox	publisher	Electronic Arts
Devil May Care	publisher	Penguin Books
One False Step for Mankind	publisher	Cheapass Games
Bakugan Battle Brawlers	publisher	Sega
Bakugan Battle Brawlers	publisher	Spin Master
Toy Story	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Toy Story	publisher	Sega
Toy Story	publisher	Black Pearl Software
Lost Word of Jenny	publisher	Takara
Blade of Fire	publisher	The Chicken House
Scene It%3F Lights, Camera, Action	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Fall of a Kingdom	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Petit Apple Pie	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Sam and Silo	publisher	King Features Syndicate
Bitter Lemons	publisher	Faber & Faber
Viva Piñata: Party Animals	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư	publisher	Lê Dynasty
Beyond Good & Evil 2	publisher	Ubisoft
A Sheaf of Bluebells	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
My Swordhand Is Singing	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Mario Kart Wii	publisher	Nintendo
Twelve Bar Blues	publisher	Viking Press
Fire in Stubble	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Wii Fit	publisher	Nintendo
Enemy Engaged	publisher	Empire Interactive
Enemy Engaged	publisher	Feral Interactive
Seeing	publisher	Editorial Caminho
Schotten-Totten	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
Schotten-Totten	publisher	ASS
Schotten-Totten	publisher	Pro Ludo
Schotten-Totten	publisher	PS-Games
Schotten-Totten	publisher	Ubik
The Film Lives On	publisher	Gakushu Kenkyu Sha
Burning Empires	publisher	Key 20 Publishing
Zetsubō ni Kiku Kusuri	publisher	Shogakukan
Echochrome	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wipeout HD	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
World Rally Fever	publisher	Team 17
World Rally Fever	publisher	Ocean Software
Flash Focus: Vision Training in Minutes a Day	publisher	Nintendo
Medal of Honor: Heroes 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Now I Can Die in Peace	publisher	ESPN Books
Scott Miller	publisher	125
Homicide Trinity	publisher	Viking Press
Mario Party DS	publisher	Nintendo
Before I Wake	publisher	Random House
The Mexican	publisher	Saturday Evening Post
Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software	publisher	Microsoft Press
Changeling: The Autobiography of Mike Oldfield	publisher	Virgin Books
Rogue Ship	publisher	Doubleday
FinnWars	publisher	Iceflake Studios
Gazzetta Chimica Italiana	publisher	Società Chimica Italiana
Bellevue Literary Review	publisher	Department of Medicine,
Bellevue Literary Review	publisher	NYU Langone Medical Center
By the Gods Beloved	publisher	Greening & Co
Anales de Química	publisher	Spanish Royal Society of Chemistry
Omnipotent Government	publisher	Yale University Press
Omnipotent Government	publisher	Libertarian Press
Horse & Hound	publisher	IPC Media
Saturn's Children	publisher	Sinclair-Stevenson
The Heart of a Woman	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
The J. R. R. Tolkien Companion and Guide	publisher	HarperCollins , Houghton Mifflin
Infamous	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
F.E.A.R. 2: Project Origin	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Rising Tide	publisher	Viking Press
Sekirei	publisher	Square Enix
The Honourable Jim	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Avatar: The Last Airbender – The Burning Earth	publisher	THQ
Junk: Record of the Last Hero	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Little Tales of Smethers and Other Stories	publisher	Jarrolds
Corriere Canadese	publisher	Joe Volpe
The Dark River	publisher	Doubleday
Fibonacci Quarterly	publisher	Fibonacci Association
The Sons of Heaven	publisher	Tor Books
Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology B	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Endocrinology	publisher	Bioscientifica  on behalf of the Society for Endocrinology
The Spiraling Worm	publisher	Chaosium
Gran Turismo 5	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Assemblers of Infinity	publisher	Analog Science Fiction and Fact
Hornby Virtual Railway	publisher	Hornby Hobbies
Environmental Science & Technology	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian	publisher	Noviy Disk
Drop Off	publisher	Data East
Drop Off	publisher	NEC
The Fire Pony	publisher	Blue Sky Press
A Swift Pure Cry	publisher	David Fickling Books
Everyday Shooter	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Yakari	publisher	Le Lombard
Yakari	publisher	Cinebook
Through Wolf's Eyes	publisher	Tor Fantasy
Hidden	publisher	BBC Audio
Robot Battle	publisher	Blue Cow Software
On Royalty	publisher	Public Affairs
Desert Demolition	publisher	Sega
Eurofighter Typhoon	publisher	Rage Software
The Sixth Day and Other Tales	publisher	Summit
Looney Tunes: Marvin Strikes Back!	publisher	Infogrames
Probability Moon	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Bōken Shōnen	publisher	Shogakukan
Top Spin 3	publisher	2
Journal of General Virology	publisher	Society for General Microbiology
Triveni	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Nitrobike	publisher	Ubisoft
Vindicators	publisher	Atari Games
Vindicators	publisher	Tengen
Dinotopia: The Timestone Pirates	publisher	TDK Mediactive
The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World	publisher	Cornell University Press
Elefunk	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Brain Gender	publisher	Oxford University Press
Middle East Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Neath Guardian	publisher	Media Wales
Fantastic Four: 1234	publisher	Marvel Knights
Four Shōjo Stories	publisher	Shogakukan
The Insider's Guide to the Colleges	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
The Thing in the Crypt	publisher	Lancer Books
What to Expect When You're Expecting	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Xbox Exhibition disks	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Probability Sun	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Palaeontology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Fox's Feud	publisher	Hutchinson
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Double Dragon V: The Shadow Falls	publisher	Tradewest
Double Dragon V: The Shadow Falls	publisher	Williams Entertainment
Dance Dance Revolution Universe 2	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Cauldron	publisher	Vision
3D Rollercoaster Rush	publisher	RockYou
Georgetown Journal of International Affairs	publisher	Georgetown University Press
Strange Highways	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications, Warner
MoonBaseOne	publisher	Federation of Galaxy Explorers
Kingdom of Shadows	publisher	Random House
Sonic Disruptors	publisher	DC Comics
Star Trek: ConQuest Online	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Oil for the Lamps of China	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Kurohime	publisher	Shueisha
Rex Libris	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Thy Neighbor's Wife	publisher	Doubleday
Liberalism	publisher	Gustav Fischer Verlag
Liberalism	publisher	Liberty Fund
Wildlife Park	publisher	Deep Silver
Chaos World	publisher	Natsume
Musashi no Bōken	publisher	Sigma Ent. Inc.
Radia Senki: Reimeihen	publisher	Tecmo
Son of Godfather	publisher	Kodansha
Suspicion	publisher	Kodansha
The Thief Akikazu Inoue	publisher	Kodansha
Tales from the Secret Annex	publisher	Contact Publishing
Chase: Hollywood Stunt Driver	publisher	Bam! Entertainment
Alice on Deadlines	publisher	Square Enix
The Indestructible Man	publisher	BBC Books
Noby Noby Boy	publisher	Namco Bandai
Meadowsweet	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Lucky Dime Caper	publisher	Sega
Ghosts	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Recueil des Travaux Chimiques des Pays-Bas	publisher	Koninklijke Nederlandse Chemische Vereniging
Toy Home	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Truce	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Truce	publisher	The Bodley Head
Petticoat Government	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Bulletin de la Société Chimique de France	publisher	Société Chimique de France
The Tent	publisher	Harcourt Education
Fifty Poems	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Medieval Warriors	publisher	Merit Software
Build-A-Bear Workshop	publisher	The Game Factory
Gensō Suikoden Card Stories	publisher	Konami
Code Lyoko: Quest for Infinity	publisher	The Game Factory
Journey to Ixtlan	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Nadia Wheatley	publisher	Allen and Unwin
Cobalt	publisher	Shueisha
The Oakland Post	publisher	Oakland University
The Voice of Memory	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Voice of Memory	publisher	Polity
The Voice of Memory	publisher	The New Press
A Universal History of Infamy	publisher	Editorial Tor
A Universal History of Infamy	publisher	Emecé
Love Story	publisher	Enix
Socialism	publisher	Gustav Fischer Verlag, Liberty Fund, Ludwig von Mises Institute
Section 8	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Section 8	publisher	TimeGate Studios
Random Acts of Senseless Violence	publisher	HarperCollins
Random Acts of Senseless Violence	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Seventeen	publisher	Harper and Brothers
Climate Challenge	publisher	BBC
Hatsofe B'Erez Hachadosho	publisher	Zev Hirsch Bernstein
Gekirindan	publisher	Taito
10th Frame	publisher	U.S. Gold
Starfox	publisher	Ariolasoft
Inconceivable	publisher	Sphere Books
Gangstar: Crime City	publisher	Gameloft
Dragons of the Highlord Skies	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
To Hell and Back	publisher	First edition published by Henry Holt and Company
Superman: The Dark Side	publisher	DC Comics
The Cosmic Serpent	publisher	Georg
Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants	publisher	Signet Books
Divorce your Car!	publisher	New Society Publishers
Poker Smash	publisher	Void Star Creations
5th Gear	publisher	Hewson Consultants
A View to a Kill	publisher	Domark
A View to a Kill	publisher	Mindscape
Wide is the Gate	publisher	Viking Press
Presidential Agent	publisher	Viking Press
One Clear Call	publisher	Viking Press
Dragon Harvest	publisher	Viking Press
Dragon Harvest	publisher	T. W. Laurie
Presidential Mission	publisher	Viking Press
The Return of Lanny Budd	publisher	Viking Press
O Shepherd, Speak!	publisher	Viking Press
Linguistics	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
The Suicide Club	publisher	London Magazine
Going to Meet the Man	publisher	Dial Press
Studia Linguistica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Rajah's Diamond	publisher	London Magazine
Syntax	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Studies in Language	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Theoretical Linguistics	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
Probus	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
The Evolution of Physics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Compulsion	publisher	Pan Books
Phonology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Fragrances of the World	publisher	Fragrances of the World
Natural Language Semantics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Semantics	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Fossil Island	publisher	Tokodo
Grand Dolls	publisher	Shueisha
Grand Dolls	publisher	Kodansha
Gringo	publisher	Shogakukan
Gum Gum Punch	publisher	Shogakukan
All Star Pro-Wrestling	publisher	Square
The Book of Dead Days	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Insatiable	publisher	Plaza & Janes
B-17 Bomber	publisher	Mattel
Geon: Emotions	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Human Grand Prix III: F1 Triple Battle	publisher	Human Entertainment
Bomb Squad	publisher	Mattel
Terraplane	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Elvissey	publisher	Tor Books
Elvissey	publisher	HarperCollins
The Sims 2: Castaway	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tears to Tiara	publisher	Media Factory
Murder on the Eurasia Express	publisher	Enix
Master of Mosquiton	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
As for Me and My House	publisher	Reynal and Hitchcock
The Absolute	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Sacrifice	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Ellimist Chronicles	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles	publisher	Scholastic Press
Tales of Symphonia: Dawn of the New World	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
TipTop	publisher	PopCap Games
The Journal of Comparative Germanic Linguistics	publisher	Springer Netherlands
Elliott Smith	publisher	Chronicle Books
Bilingualism: Language and Cognition	publisher	Cambridge University Press
White Line Fever	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Deadly Dozen: Pacific Theater	publisher	Infogrames
Tales of Innocence	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Circuit: Stories from the Life of a Migrant Child	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
Blue Wing Blitz	publisher	Square
Terminator 2: Infinity	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Super Goal! 2	publisher	Jaleco
Elfsorrow	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Patriot	publisher	360
Hunchback	publisher	Century Electronics
Hunchback	publisher	Ocean Software
When Heaven and Earth Changed Places	publisher	Doubleday
Mistress Pat	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Monster Soul	publisher	Kodansha
Joe Montana Football	publisher	Sega
Smelly Old History	publisher	Oxford University Press
Hugo: Black Diamond Fever	publisher	Electronic Arts
Gradhiva	publisher	Musée du quai Branly
Gradhiva	publisher	Paris
Revenge of the Judoon	publisher	BBC Books
Pure Pure Mimi to Shippo no Monogatari	publisher	Klein
Pure Pure Mimi to Shippo no Monogatari	publisher	Datam Polystar
Principles of Political Economy	publisher	John W. Parker
Savage Pond	publisher	Argus Press
Molecular Biology and Evolution	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution
Children's Past Lives	publisher	Bantam Books
Land of the Headless	publisher	Orion Books
European Journal of Inorganic Chemistry	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Anales de la Real Sociedad Española de Química	publisher	Royal Spanish Society of Chemistry
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare	publisher	Activision
Arcade	publisher	Print Mint
Year's Best SF 2	publisher	HarperPrism
The Beacon Herald	publisher	Dave Carter
Year's Best SF 3	publisher	HarperPrism
Mainspring	publisher	Tor Books
Prototype	publisher	Activision
Down the Rabbit Hole	publisher	HarperCollins
Oxford Mail	publisher	Newsquest
The Untold Legend of the Batman	publisher	DC Comics
European Journal of Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Year's Best SF 4	publisher	HarperPrism
Year's Best SF 5	publisher	HarperCollins
Letters from Rifka	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
Alan Hansen's Sports Challenge	publisher	Oxygen Games
Asterix at the Olympic Games	publisher	Atari
Year's Best SF 12	publisher	HarperCollins
Insecticide	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
Sylvester and Tweety in Cagey Capers	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Annals of Botany	publisher	Oxford University Press
Behind the Curtain	publisher	HarperCollins
Blender Bros.	publisher	Infogrames
Year's Best SF 6	publisher	HarperCollins
Year's Best SF 7	publisher	HarperCollins
Year's Best SF 8	publisher	HarperCollins
Year's Best SF 9	publisher	HarperCollins
Year's Best SF 11	publisher	HarperCollins
Buzz! Junior: Monster Rumble	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Freddy's Rescue Roundup	publisher	IBM
NFL Tour	publisher	EA Sports
Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories	publisher	Vintage
The Rock Jockeys	publisher	Random House
Pool Party	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Danger on Midnight River	publisher	Random House
The Forger	publisher	Picador
Hook 'Em Snotty!	publisher	Random House
The Gorgon Slayer	publisher	Random House
Captive!	publisher	Random House
The Politics of Truth	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Stepping Selection	publisher	Jaleco
Curse of the Mummy's Tomb	publisher	Games Workshop
Mighty Empires	publisher	Games Workshop
Chainsaw Warrior	publisher	Games Workshop
PQ2: Practical Intelligence Quotient 2	publisher	D3 Publisher
Bleed Into Me	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
The Bird is Gone: A Manifesto	publisher	Fiction Collective 2
Soon I Will Be Invincible	publisher	Pantheon Books
Touch Me	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Chronicles of Xan	publisher	Capstone Fiction
Batman: The Caped Crusader	publisher	Ocean Software, Data East, Erbe SA
Inu Neko Jump!	publisher	Kodansha
Diamonds	publisher	Varcon Systems, Inc.
Rage of the Dragons	publisher	SNK Playmore
Disturbing the Peace	publisher	Dell Publishing
Disturbing the Peace	publisher	S. Lawrence
A Right to Die	publisher	Viking Press
Ga-Rei	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Astounding: John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology	publisher	Random House
KKND2: Krossfire	publisher	Melbourne House
KKND2: Krossfire	publisher	Infogrames
KKND2: Krossfire	publisher	GT Interactive
Breakheart Pass	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Breakheart Pass	publisher	Doubleday
Puppet on a Chain	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Puppet on a Chain	publisher	Doubleday
Wolf of the Plains	publisher	HarperCollins
Void Moon	publisher	Little, Brown, and Company
Wild Fire	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Emil Chronicle Online	publisher	Gravity
Emil Chronicle Online	publisher	BROCCOLI
Socialist Studies	publisher	Society for Socialist Studies
Britain's Everyday Heroes	publisher	Mainstream Publishing
Unravelled Knots	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
The Venom Trees of Sunga	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Krion Conquest	publisher	Vic Tokai
The Krion Conquest	publisher	Genki
English Botany	publisher	James Sowerby
Wessex Scene	publisher	University of Southampton Students' Union
Sold	publisher	Hyperion
The Crystal Frontier	publisher	Alfaguara
The Crystal Frontier	publisher	Harvest Books
Growlanser VI: Precarious World	publisher	Atlus
Dynasty Warriors 6	publisher	Koei
Journal of Social History	publisher	George Mason University Press
Peter Pan and the Pirates	publisher	THQ
Growlanser	publisher	Atlus
Anales de Física	publisher	Royal Spanish Society of Physics
Cham	publisher	Serpent's Tail
The Watertower	publisher	Era Publications
The Secret Servant	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Prince of Fire	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Project – A Perfect World	publisher	Random House
Dead Run	publisher	Penguin Books
Auschwitz Report	publisher	Verso
Adrift on the Nile	publisher	Dar al-Shorouk, Egypt
Superman: Speeding Bullets	publisher	DC Comics
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 2	publisher	DAW Books
Cartoon Network Universe: FusionFall	publisher	Cartoon Network
The Farewell Waltz	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3	publisher	DAW Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 4	publisher	DAW Books
Penrod Jashber	publisher	Doubleday, Doran & Co.
Darksiders	publisher	THQ
Metal Gear Solid Mobile	publisher	Konami
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 6	publisher	DAW Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 5	publisher	DAW Books
Going to Ground	publisher	Oxford University Press
Batman: Turning Points	publisher	DC Comics
Leviathan and the Air-Pump	publisher	Princeton University Press
Leviathan and the Air-Pump	publisher	Princeton, New Jersey
Leviathan and the Air-Pump	publisher	New Jersey
Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space	publisher	Telltale Games
Tunnels & Trolls: Crusaders of Khazan	publisher	New World Computing
Futures Past	publisher	Ace Books
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure	publisher	Atari
Beyond Singularity	publisher	Ace Books
Robots	publisher	Ace Books
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure	publisher	Capstone Software
U.S.A. Comics	publisher	Timely Comics
The New Space Opera	publisher	HarperCollins
Oyster	publisher	Sydney: Knopf
Escape	publisher	Monsoon Books
Madden NFL 09	publisher	EA Sports
Children of Magic Moon	publisher	Tokyopop
2 Spicy	publisher	Sega
Stray Toasters	publisher	Epic Comics
Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties	publisher	The Game Factory
Journal of a Novel	publisher	The Viking Press
James Cameron's Avatar: The Game	publisher	Ubisoft
James Cameron's Avatar: The Game	publisher	Lightstorm Entertainment
James Cameron's Avatar: The Game	publisher	Fox Digital Entertainment
James Cameron's Avatar: The Game	publisher	Gameloft
March Comes in like a Lion	publisher	Hakusensha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 7	publisher	DAW Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 8	publisher	DAW Books
Drake & Josh: Talent Showdown	publisher	THQ
Eifelheim	publisher	Tor Books
A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich	publisher	Coward, McCann & Geoghegan
Drake & Josh	publisher	THQ
Magic for Beginners	publisher	Small Beer Press
Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe	publisher	Empire Interactive
The Real Frank Zappa Book	publisher	Poseidon Press
The Real Frank Zappa Book	publisher	Picador
The Second World War	publisher	HoughtonMifflin
A Short History of the World	publisher	Penguin Books
Shigurui	publisher	Akita Shoten
People of the Sea	publisher	Tor Books
Bomberman	publisher	Konami
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 10	publisher	DAW Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 11	publisher	DAW Books
Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society	publisher	Sociedade Brasileira de Química
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9	publisher	DAW Books
The Hollow Man	publisher	Bantam Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12	publisher	DAW Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 13	publisher	DAW Books
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 14	publisher	DAW Books
Overdrive	publisher	Superior Software
Seeing Redd	publisher	Dial Press
J-League Winning Eleven 2007 Club Championship	publisher	Konami
Revista Brasileira de Chímica	publisher	Sociedade Brasileira de Chímica
The Sims 2: Open for Business	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims 2: Open for Business	publisher	Aspyr
The Sims 2: University	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims 2: University	publisher	Aspyr
Redding Record Searchlight	publisher	Steve Smith http://www.redding.com/contact
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	Valve Corporation
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	Nexon Corporation
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	TianCity
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	Gamania
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	IAHgames
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	Megaxus
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	PlayFPS
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	Nexon EU
Counter-Strike Online	publisher	Go Play
Polish Journal of Chemistry	publisher	Polish Chemical Society
The Journal of the American Osteopathic Association	publisher	American Osteopathic Association
Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood	publisher	Strahan & Co., Publishers
Speedball 2 Tournament	publisher	Frogster Interactive Pictures
The Illusion	publisher	Scholastic Press
German Studies Review	publisher	German Studies Association
ATV Simulator	publisher	Codemasters
Powerdrome	publisher	Electronic Arts
Henry Huggins	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Tersias	publisher	Faber & Faber
Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures	publisher	LucasArts
Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures	publisher	Feral Interactive
Knight Move	publisher	Nintendo
The Shadowmancer Returns: The Curse of Salamander Street	publisher	Faber and Faber
Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic	publisher	Anchor Books
Hatyapuri	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Zooloretto	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Zooloretto	publisher	Abacus Spiele
Mountain Record	publisher	Dharma Communications
The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis	publisher	Yale University Press
Terra Cresta	publisher	NichibutsuNihon BussanVic TokaiHAMSTER Corporation
The Search for Roots	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Search for Roots	publisher	Allen Lane
Camp X	publisher	Penguin Canada
Bedelia	publisher	Blakiston
Off the Wall	publisher	Atari Games
Gods, Demi-Gods & Heroes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Lost	publisher	Crave Entertainment
To-y	publisher	Shogakukan
Saboteur	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Empty	publisher	Design is Kinky
The Hybrid Front	publisher	Sega
The Anybodies	publisher	HarperCollins
Orient Express	publisher	Jumbo
Orient Express	publisher	Just Games
Soul Eater	publisher	Square Enix
Trioncube	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
JLA: Created Equal	publisher	Elseworlds
Green Lantern: Evil's Might	publisher	DC Comics
The Sirens of Surrentum	publisher	Orion Books
Getting to Know You	publisher	Subterranean Press
Film Journal International	publisher	Prometheus Global Media
Fates of Nations	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Emus Can't Walk Backwards	publisher	Ebury Press
Torchlight	publisher	Runic Games
Torchlight	publisher	Perfect World  Microsoft Studios
Island	publisher	Headline
Blood Games	publisher	Headline Books
Motor Raid	publisher	Sega
Angel: After the Fall	publisher	IDW Publishing
Train+Train	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Train+Train	publisher	MediaWorks
Camelot	publisher	Parker Brothers
Camelot	publisher	Waddingtons
Flora Londinensis	publisher	William Curtis, London
Mononoke	publisher	Square Enix
Mononoke	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow	publisher	Kodansha
Superior	publisher	Square Enix
Off Armageddon Reef	publisher	Tor Books
By Schism Rent Asunder	publisher	Tor Books
White Eagle, Red Star	publisher	Macdonald
The Final Passage	publisher	Faber and Faber
Ingo	publisher	HarperCollins
Street Rod 2	publisher	California Dreams
Relentless	publisher	Bantam Press
Unmarked Graves	publisher	Orbit Books
Cobb: Off the Leash	publisher	IDW Publishing
Dangerous Games	publisher	Ace Books
Off Limits	publisher	Ace Books
The Burning Court	publisher	Harper
The Burning Court	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Space Channel 5: Part 2	publisher	Sega
Tecmo Stackers	publisher	Tecmo
Lunar Rescue	publisher	Taito Corporation
Quad Challenge	publisher	Namco
Zico Soccer	publisher	Electronic Arts Victor
Magical × Miracle	publisher	Ichijinsha
American Dragon: Jake Long – Attack of the Dark Dragon	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Luxor	publisher	MumboJumbo
Looney Tunes: Duck Amuck	publisher	Warner Bros. Games
Sten Adventures Book 5: Revenge of the Damned	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Sten Adventures Book 6: The Return of the Emperor	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Sten Adventures Book 7: Vortex	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Sten Adventures Book 8: Empire's End	publisher	Del Rey Books, reissued by Orbit Books
Bearded	publisher	Fleeing from Pigeons
Ulenspiegel	publisher	Herbert Sandberg,
Ulenspiegel	publisher	Günther Weisenborn
Ricochet Lost Worlds: Recharged	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
ACS Chemical Biology	publisher	American Chemical Society
Burning Road	publisher	Funsoft
Burning Road	publisher	Playmates Interactive Entertainment
Burning Road	publisher	Vic Tokai
Attack on Pearl Harbor	publisher	Legendo
Attack on Pearl Harbor	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Dragonriders: Chronicles of Pern	publisher	Ubisoft
Rally Cross 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Rally Cross	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Doomed Queen Anne	publisher	Gulliver Books
Young Royals	publisher	Gulliver Books
Shin Megami Tensei: Nine	publisher	Atlus
Wizardry: Tale of the Forsaken Land	publisher	Atlus
Finder	publisher	Tor Books
GP Challenge	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
180	publisher	Mastertronic Added Dimension
Sociological Forum	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Eastern Sociological Society
The Pirates of Manhattan	publisher	555
World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Felix in the Factory	publisher	Micro Power
TD Overdrive: The Brotherhood of Speed	publisher	Infogrames
Streets of Glory	publisher	Avatar Press
Moral Minds	publisher	Ecco press
Mutants in Orbit	publisher	Palladium Books
City of the Dead	publisher	Hip Interactive
Massive Assault	publisher	Matrix Games
Massive Assault	publisher	Virtual Programming
Handbook	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Journal of Paleontology	publisher	The Paleontological Society
Web of the City	publisher	Jove Books
The Dreaming Void	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Light on the Island	publisher	Coward-McCann
Spirit Warrior	publisher	Shueisha
Spirit Warrior	publisher	Shogakukan
Half Life	publisher	HarperCollins
The City of Metronome	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Fall in Love Like a Comic!	publisher	Shogakukan
Thrillville: Off the Rails	publisher	LucasArts
Yurara	publisher	Hakusensha
High School Debut	publisher	Shueisha
Spinneret	publisher	Bluejay Books
Good Girls	publisher	Fantagraphics
Good Girls	publisher	Rip Off Press
Weird Western Tales	publisher	DC Comics
The Temporal Void	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Winter Prince	publisher	Atheneum Books
MoneyWeek	publisher	MoneyWeek Limited
The Dark Tower: The Long Road Home	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sophie Pitt-Turnbull Discovers America	publisher	Walker Books
Bear Bovver	publisher	Artic Computing
Earth Surface Processes and Landforms	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Alms for Jihad	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Faker	publisher	Vertigo
Indianapolis 500 Legends	publisher	Destineer
Great Kings' War	publisher	Ace Books
Great Kings' War	publisher	Pequod Press
Kalvan Kingmaker	publisher	Pequod Press
Siege of Tarr-Hostigos	publisher	Pequod Press
MLB Power Pros	publisher	2
Buzz!: The Hollywood Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Viva Piñata: Pocket Paradise	publisher	THQ
The New York Times Crosswords	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Rage	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Rage	publisher	Aspyr Media
Fastest 1	publisher	Human Entertainment
Southern Literary Journal	publisher	University of North Carolina Press for the Dept. of English, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Fear No Evil	publisher	Random House
Quake Live	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Gold's Gym: Cardio Workout	publisher	Ubisoft
Intercultural Pragmatics	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
Tessa	publisher	Boknöje AB
I riddarnas spår	publisher	Boknöje AB
The Ten Teacups	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Ten Teacups	publisher	Heinemann
Space Fleet	publisher	Games Workshop
Thin Ice	publisher	Pressman Toy Corporation
Renovation of the Heart	publisher	NavPress
The Brain That Changes Itself	publisher	Viking Press
Cop This!	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The Ogre Downstairs	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ball Four	publisher	World
P2! -let's Play Pingpong!-	publisher	Shueisha
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume One	publisher	Wildstorm
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume One	publisher	DC Comics
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume II	publisher	Wildstorm
The New Traveller's Almanac	publisher	Wildstorm
The New Traveller's Almanac	publisher	DC Comics
Penrod and Sam	publisher	Doubleday
Allan and the Sundered Veil	publisher	Wildstorm
Allan and the Sundered Veil	publisher	DC Comics
Pugyuru	publisher	Kodansha
Quake II: Ground Zero	publisher	Activision
The Last Encounter	publisher	Penguin Group
Sol-Feace	publisher	Telenet Japan
Sol-Feace	publisher	Sega
Sol-Feace	publisher	Renovation Products
Star Trek: Conquest	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Clean Tech Revolution	publisher	Collins
List of Mr. Men	publisher	Fabbri and Partners
List of Mr. Men	publisher	Egmont Books
List of Mr. Men	publisher	Ladybird Books
List of Mr. Men	publisher	Egmont Publishing
List of Mr. Men	publisher	Fabbri
Simple Genius	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Essential Gandhi	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Essential Gandhi	publisher	Vintage Books
Blue Drop	publisher	MediaWorks
Blue Drop	publisher	Akita Shoten
Beach Buggy Simulator	publisher	Telecomsoft
The Discarded Image	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Ballet Shoes	publisher	J. M. Dent & Sons
Ancient Wars: Sparta	publisher	Playlogic Entertainment
Between Pacific Tides	publisher	Stanford University Press
Idol Ace	publisher	Shogakukan
Underground	publisher	Reed Books Australia
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers	publisher	Sega
The Closet of the Eminently Learned Sir Kenelme Digbie Kt. Opened	publisher	H. Brome
Le Jour des fourmis	publisher	Le Livre de Poche
Dissolution	publisher	Viking Press
Economic Development and Cultural Change	publisher	University of Chicago Press
ACM Multimedia	publisher	ACM SIGMM
Vargens lilla lamm	publisher	Boknöje AB
Journal of Rehabilitation Research and Development	publisher	United States Department of Veterans Affairs
Protostars	publisher	Ballantine Books
Dark Fire	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Garfield: Winter's Tail	publisher	EDGE Games
T: The New York Times Style Magazine	publisher	The New York Times
Tageblatt	publisher	Editpress
Yeah, I Said It	publisher	Atria
Axis	publisher	Tor Books
Aztec Adventure	publisher	Sega
Enduro Racer	publisher	Sega
The Black Hole of Auschwitz	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Black Hole of Auschwitz	publisher	Polity Press
Liar Game	publisher	Shueisha
Collected Poems	publisher	Garzanti
Collected Poems	publisher	Faber & Faber
My Boring Ass Life	publisher	Titan Books
The Battle for Bond	publisher	Tomahawk Press Publishers
A More Perfect Constitution	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Project Superpowers	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
The End of the Line: How Overfishing Is Changing the World and What We Eat	publisher	Ebury Press
The End of the Line: How Overfishing Is Changing the World and What We Eat	publisher	New Press
Out of the Everywhere	publisher	Doubleday
Delicious!	publisher	Kodansha
High School Musical: Makin' the Cut!	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Bows against the Barons	publisher	Martin Lawrence
Jurassic Park: Survival	publisher	Vivendi
Jurassic Park: Survival	publisher	Konami
Autism: Explaining the Enigma	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Dragonheart: Fire & Steel	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Dragonheart: Fire & Steel	publisher	Acclaim Japan
Denizen	publisher	Players Software
Iron Tank	publisher	SNK
I nattens tystnad	publisher	Boknöje AB
Vigilante 8 Arcade	publisher	Activision
More	publisher	Meredith Corporation
The Journeyer	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Journeyer	publisher	Hutchinson
Gothic Sports	publisher	Tokyopop
The Beekeeper's Apprentice	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Ano Ko ni 1000%25	publisher	Shogakukan
Fascinating Womanhood	publisher	Pacific Press
Fascinating Womanhood	publisher	Santa Barbara
The Coming China Wars	publisher	Financial Times
Lord Monarch	publisher	Epoch Co., Ltd.
Rendering Ranger: R2	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Primal Prey	publisher	Sunstorm Interactive
Sickened	publisher	Bantam Books
Blindsight	publisher	Tor Books
The ISME Journal	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
An Antarctic Mystery	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Star Wars: TIE Fighter	publisher	LucasArts, Disney Interactive
Aoi-chan Panic!	publisher	Kodansha
Aoi-chan Panic!	publisher	Oozora Shuppan
Aoi-chan Panic!	publisher	Media Factory
Ellison Wonderland	publisher	Paperback Library
Mind Fields	publisher	Morpheus International
Shatterday	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Voice of the Whirlwind	publisher	Night Shade Books
Hardwired	publisher	Night Shade Books
Ohayō! Spank	publisher	Kodansha
The Twelve	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician	publisher	Doubleday
Brittle Power	publisher	Brick House Publishing Company
The Day After Judgment	publisher	Doubleday
Slippage	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Slippage	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Sibylline	publisher	Dupuis
Sibylline	publisher	Spirou magazine
The Prophecy	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Mutation	publisher	Scholastic Press
Gladiator-At-Law	publisher	Ballantine Books
A Demon of Our Own Design	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Spectrobes: Beyond the Portals	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Wild Guns	publisher	Natsume
Love, Stargirl	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Beyond Belief: Islamic Excursions among the Converted Peoples	publisher	Random House
Superman Returns: Fortress of Solitude	publisher	Electronic Arts
Deep Blue	publisher	NEC
EA Sports NASCAR Racing	publisher	Global VR
Piyotama	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Dog Wizard	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Book of Everything	publisher	Currency Press
Street Legal Racing: Redline	publisher	Activision Value
Marxist Group	publisher	GegenStandpunkt VerlagsGmbH
The Arrival	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Hidden	publisher	Scholastic Press
Girl with a Pearl Earring	publisher	HarperCollins
Girl with a Pearl Earring	publisher	E. P. Dutton
One More for the Road	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Seal Online	publisher	YNK Interactive
Yume Yume Yu Yu	publisher	Kodansha
Lone Star Dinosaurs	publisher	Ivan R. Dee
Fair Game: My Life as a Spy, My Betrayal by the White House	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Mobile Suit Gundam: MS Sensen 0079	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Siege of Mecca	publisher	Doubleday
The Treasure of El Patron	publisher	Random House
The Seventh Crystal	publisher	Random House
Vijenac	publisher	Igor Zidić
The Creature of Black Water Lake	publisher	Random House
Time Benders	publisher	Random House
Fire Bringer	publisher	MacMillan UK  & Puffin Books
The Mirror Maker	publisher	Schocken Books
The Writer and the World: Essays	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Masked Rider: Cycling in West Africa	publisher	Pottersfield Press
My Holocaust	publisher	HarperCollins
Get On da Mic	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Extremes	publisher	ROC
The Brass Check	publisher	Self
Blumea	publisher	National Herbarium of the Netherlands
Spelling Challenges and More!	publisher	Crave Entertainment
David Robinson's Supreme Court	publisher	Sega
Dick Vitale's %22Awesome Baby%22 College Hoops	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Volleyball	publisher	Nintendo
Possessing the Secret of Joy	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
File Under Popular	publisher	November Books
File Under Popular	publisher	Autonomedia
Grizzly	publisher	Random House
Thunder Valley	publisher	Random House
Flight of the Hawk	publisher	Random House
Curse of the Ruins	publisher	Random House
Children & Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Children's Bureau
The Last Testament of Oscar Wilde	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
GB Genjin Land: Viva! Chikkun Ōkoku	publisher	Hudson Soft
God Created the Integers	publisher	Running Press
International Rally Championship	publisher	Europress
Senrid	publisher	YA Angst
The Mystic Masseur	publisher	André Deutsch
The Scarlet Fig	publisher	Rose Press
Drow of the Underdark	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Drow of the Underdark	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
4D Sports Tennis	publisher	Mindscape
The Burning Tigris	publisher	HarperCollins
Shigofumi: Letters from the Departed	publisher	MediaWorks
I Was Dora Suarez	publisher	Melville House Publishing
The Teahouse Fire	publisher	Vintage
The Teahouse Fire	publisher	Random House
The Age of Turbulence	publisher	Penguin Press
Command & Conquer 3: Kane's Wrath	publisher	Electronic Arts
ATF	publisher	Digital Integration
Dead to Rights: Reckoning	publisher	Namco
The Scorpion's Gate	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Multi-Player Soccer Manager	publisher	D&H Games
Approaching Oblivion	publisher	Walker and Company
If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans	publisher	Crown Forum
Virtual Hiryū no Ken	publisher	Culture Brain
A White Heron	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company
Crown Duel	publisher	Harcourt
Crown Duel	publisher	Firebirds
Hitman: Absolution	publisher	Square Enix
Hinduism Today	publisher	Bodhinatha Veylanswami
Three Wonders	publisher	Capcom
Croket!	publisher	Shogakukan
Major League Baseball	publisher	LJN
L'Étudiante	publisher	Blanche
Midwest Studies in Philosophy	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Deathstalker Rebellion	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Deathstalker War	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
750cc Grand Prix	publisher	Codemasters
Deathstalker Destiny	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Deathstalker Honour	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Intelligence in Nature	publisher	Jeremy P. Tarcher/Penguin
Harambee	publisher	Edith Cowan University Student Guild
Monaco GP	publisher	Sega
Alvin and the Chipmunks	publisher	Brash Entertainment
Alvin and the Chipmunks	publisher	Fox Interactive
The World Is Not Enough	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Metroid Prime: Trilogy	publisher	Nintendo
The Other Side	publisher	DC Comics
Rome Burning	publisher	Orion Books
Gunnm: Martian Memory	publisher	Banpresto
Borderlands	publisher	2
The Septembers of Shiraz	publisher	Harper Perennial
Splat!	publisher	Incentive Software
The Portopia Serial Murder Case	publisher	Enix
Grid Seeker: Project Storm Hammer	publisher	Taito
Banquets of the Black Widowers	publisher	Doubleday
Banquets of the Black Widowers	publisher	Ballantine Books
Tasmanian Devil: Munching Madness	publisher	Sunsoft
College Hoops 2K8	publisher	2
Bow Wow Wata	publisher	Coamix
Bow Wow Wata	publisher	Shinchosha
Bow Wow Wata	publisher	Ichijinsha
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom	publisher	Mindscape
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom	publisher	Tengen
With Folded Hands	publisher	Fantasy Press
Philosophy of Mathematics Education Journal	publisher	Paul Ernest
The Art of Memory	publisher	Routledge and Kegan Paul
Gli Asolani	publisher	Aldus Manutius
Casebook of the Black Widowers	publisher	Doubleday
More Tales of the Black Widowers	publisher	Doubleday
Puzzles of the Black Widowers	publisher	Doubleday
The Return of the Black Widowers	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Lettin' It All Hang Out	publisher	Hyperion
Journal of Social & Psychological Sciences	publisher	www.oxford-mosaic.co.uk
The Journey	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Familiar	publisher	Scholastic Press
Exit Music	publisher	Orion Books
Special Force 2: Tale of the Truthful Pledge	publisher	Hezbollah
The Dogs of Babel	publisher	Little, Brown
NHL 2K8	publisher	2
IL-2 Sturmovik: Forgotten Battles	publisher	1
Hot Wheels: Stunt Track Challenge	publisher	THQ
Shopgirl	publisher	Hyperion
Scarabaeus	publisher	Ariolasoft
Nothing to Lose	publisher	Bantam Press
Nothing to Lose	publisher	Dell Publishing
ATV Offroad Fury 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
ATV Offroad Fury 3	publisher	SouthPeak Games
The Unexpected	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Test	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Palace of Laughter	publisher	Julie Andrew Collection-Imprint of HarperCollins Publisher
Regarding the Pain of Others	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
AIDS and Its Metaphors	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Final Crisis	publisher	DC Comics
Superboy's Legion	publisher	DC Comics
Funding Evil	publisher	Bonus Books
Astronomische Nachrichten	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Astronomische Nachrichten	publisher	Astrophysical Institute Potsdam
Sir Harold and the Gnome King	publisher	Wildside Press
The Art of Cricket	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton, London
Ed, Edd n Eddy: Scam of the Century	publisher	D3 Publisher
Middle Class Millionaire	publisher	Doubleday
Rose Hip Zero	publisher	Kodansha
Brazilian Journal of Medical and Biological Research	publisher	Associação Brasileira de Divulgação Científica
Exodus	publisher	Glutton Creeper Games
Diggles: The Myth of Fenris	publisher	Strategy First
Diggles: The Myth of Fenris	publisher	Innonics
Diggles: The Myth of Fenris	publisher	1C Company
Barbarians Led by Bill Gates	publisher	Henry Holt
The Memoirs of Naim Bey	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Revelation	publisher	Scholastic Press
Anti-Japan War Online	publisher	PowerNet Technology
Sycamore Review	publisher	Purdue University
American Hardcore: A Tribal History	publisher	Feral House
Way of the Rat	publisher	CrossGen
Vulcan's Glory	publisher	Pocket Books
The Union Club Mysteries	publisher	Doubleday
Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition	publisher	University of Chicago Press
World Class Baseball	publisher	Hudson Soft
Mistborn: The Well of Ascension	publisher	Tor Books, Macmillan Audio
Wonderland	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Golden Path	publisher	Telecomsoft
Sarny	publisher	Dell Books
From Wimbledon to Waco	publisher	Faber & Faber
Explore Evolution	publisher	Hill House Publishers Pty. Ltd.
Metal Morph	publisher	FCI, Inc.
Over Drive	publisher	Kodansha
The Wages of Destruction	publisher	Allen Lane
The Ungodly Farce	publisher	Gyldendal
Game Party	publisher	Midway Games
The Flames: A Fantasy	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Conflict: Denied Ops	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tesserae	publisher	Inline Design
Tesserae	publisher	GameTek
Ethnology	publisher	University of Pittsburgh
The War that Time Forgot	publisher	DC Comics
By the Shores of Silver Lake	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Little Town on the Prairie	publisher	Harper & Brothers
These Happy Golden Years	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Farmer Boy	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana	publisher	Anchor Books
The Main Event	publisher	Konami
Legends of Norrath	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Dragonhaven	publisher	Penguin Group
Crime Fighters	publisher	Konami
Code-E	publisher	Shogakukan
Back Home	publisher	Harper & Row
International Journal of Astrobiology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Astrobiology	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Witch Hunter: The Invisible World	publisher	Alligator Alley Entertainment
Bloody Mary	publisher	Helix
Bloody Mary	publisher	DC Comics
Translucent	publisher	Media Factory
Mafia II	publisher	2
The Road of Dreams	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Door Between	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Door Between	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Highlander: The Card Game	publisher	La Montagnard Inc.
Highlander: The Card Game	publisher	SAEC Games
Highlander: The Card Game	publisher	Thunder Castle Games
Smederevska Sedmica	publisher	EUROPRESS, Smederevo
The End of Work	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Last Canadian	publisher	Pocket Book of Canada
The Hollow Men	publisher	Craig Potton Publishing
Three Days Before the Shooting...	publisher	Random House
Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor	publisher	Stardock
Empire: Total War	publisher	Sega
Empire: Total War	publisher	Feral Interactive
Jango	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Lahore: A Sentimental Journey	publisher	Nevile Books
Nautch Girls of India	publisher	Nevile Books
Viking: Battle for Asgard	publisher	Sega
IEEE Communications Magazine	publisher	IEEE Communications Society
Enemies: How America's Foes Steal Our Vital Secrets – And How We Let It Happen	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Museum Madness	publisher	MECC
Wii Chess	publisher	Nintendo
Half the House: A Memoir	publisher	Harcourt Brace and New Rivers Press
The Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Postcards from No Man's Land	publisher	The Bodley Head
Le Lys dans la vallée	publisher	Edmond Werdet
World Grand Prix	publisher	Sega
The Narrows	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Dawn of Magic	publisher	1
New International Track & Field	publisher	Konami
The Bible with Sources Revealed	publisher	HarperSanFrancisco
Picture Perfect	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Countdown: Arena	publisher	DC Comics
The Recipe for Gertrude	publisher	Hakusensha
Professor Martens' Departure	publisher	Eesti Raamat
Grand Prix Circuit	publisher	Accolade
Crystal Dragon	publisher	Akita Shoten
Wilson Library Bulletin	publisher	H. W. Wilson Company
A Midsummer's Nightmare	publisher	Corgi
Wanderlust	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Doom	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
InterWorld	publisher	EOS, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers
Accordion Crimes	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Buzz!: Quiz TV	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Geometry Wars: Waves	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Murphy	publisher	Walker & Company
Murphy's Gold	publisher	Walker & Company
Z: Steel Soldiers	publisher	EON Digital Entertainment
Z: Steel Soldiers	publisher	SCi
Murphy's Herd	publisher	Walker & Company
Genju no Seiza	publisher	Akita Shoten
Novastorm	publisher	Sony Electronic Publishing
Murphy's War	publisher	Pocket Books
Josh	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Catalyst Code	publisher	Harvard Business School Press
The Spaceship Graveyard	publisher	BBC Books
Wolves	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
IEEE Wireless Communications	publisher	IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society
Murphy's Ambush	publisher	Walker & Company
Murphy's Trail	publisher	Walker & Company
The Enemies of Jupiter	publisher	Orion Books
Pornified	publisher	Owl Books
Storm	publisher	Heinemann
Ginger	publisher	Walker Books
Pipeline	publisher	Superior Software
Smile!	publisher	Oxford University Press
Ug	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Conquerors'	publisher	Spectra
Cyberspace	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
Spangle	publisher	Atheneum Books
Black Magic	publisher	Prize Comics
Black Magic	publisher	DC Comics
LocoRoco Cocoreccho!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Term Limits	publisher	Cloak and Dagger, Incorporated
Journal of Regional Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Morpheus	publisher	Rainbird
A Gesture Life	publisher	Riverhead Books
J. R. R. Tolkien: Author of the Century	publisher	Harper Collins
Tutankham	publisher	Konami
Tutankham	publisher	Stern
Tutankham	publisher	Parker Brothers
Chi's Sweet Home	publisher	Kodansha
Murphy's Stand	publisher	Walker & Company
The Assassin's Song	publisher	Doubleday in Canada
The Assassin's Song	publisher	Knopf in United States
The Assassin's Song	publisher	Penguin in India
Invasion from Beyond	publisher	GT Interactive
Alan Moore: Portrait of an Extraordinary Gentleman	publisher	Abiogenesis Press
Wet	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Bell Curve Debate	publisher	Random House
The Closers	publisher	Little, Brown
A Son of the Circus	publisher	Random House
City of Bones	publisher	Warner Books
Angels Flight	publisher	Little Brown
Trunk Music	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
The Concrete Blonde	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Last Coyote	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Black Echo	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Black Ice	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Azada	publisher	Big Fish Games
Soldier's Heart	publisher	Dell Publishing
Ancestors: 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Dawn Wind	publisher	Oxford University Press
IEEE Transactions on Computers	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Journal of Quantum Electronics	publisher	IEEE Photonics Society
IEEE Power & Energy Magazine	publisher	IEEE Power & Energy Society
IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Intelligent Systems	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Software	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Computer	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Transactions on Control Systems and Technology	publisher	IEEE Control Systems Society
IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
IEEE Design & Test of Computers	publisher	IEEE
IEEE Transactions on Applied Superconductivity	publisher	IEEE Council on Superconductivity
IEEE Transactions on Communications	publisher	IEEE Communications Society
IEEE Communications Surveys and Tutorials	publisher	IEEE
IEEE Communications Letters	publisher	IEEE Communications Society
PGA Championship Golf 2000	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Mo Siang Online	publisher	Run Up Game Distribution & Development Sdn Bhd
Yated Ne'eman	publisher	Pinchos Lipschutz
Whispering to Witches	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Your Heiress Diary	publisher	Fireside
Alida's Song	publisher	Dell Publishing
Tannhäuser	publisher	Take On You
Tannhäuser	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Mindhunter	publisher	Top Cow
Mindhunter	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Midnight Sun	publisher	TBD
The Prince of Mist	publisher	Editorial Planeta,
The Prince of Mist	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Ganbare Goemon Gaiden 2: Tenka no Zaihō	publisher	Konami
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang	publisher	CrossGen
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Cookcamp	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Case of the Dirty Bird	publisher	Dell Publishing
Dunc's Doll	publisher	Dell Publishing
Culpepper's Cannon	publisher	Dell Publishing
Dunc Gets Tweaked	publisher	Dell Publishing
Dunc's Halloween	publisher	Dell Publishing
Dunc Breaks the Record	publisher	Dell Publishing
Monster Lab	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Street Fighter: Sakura Ganbaru!	publisher	Shinseisha
Street Fighter: Sakura Ganbaru!	publisher	Shueisha
Imperial	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Imperial	publisher	PD-Games
Imperial	publisher	Eggert-Spiele
The Last Uniform	publisher	Houbunsha
Super Formation Soccer 94	publisher	Human Entertainment
Super Smash Bros. Brawl	publisher	Nintendo
Tomcat in Love	publisher	Broadway Books
Chat Room	publisher	Micklind Enterprises
Alien Arena	publisher	BBC Books
The Time Crocodile	publisher	BBC Books
The Corinthian Project	publisher	BBC Books
The Crystal Snare	publisher	BBC Books
War of the Robots	publisher	BBC Books
The Haunted Wagon Train	publisher	BBC Books
Dark Planet	publisher	BBC Books
GLQ: A Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies	publisher	Duke University Press
The Ambidextrous Universe	publisher	Penguin Books
The End of Mr. Y	publisher	Harcourt Books
Voyage on the Great Titanic	publisher	Scholastic Inc.New York
Just Breed	publisher	Enix
Ramtanu Lahiri O Tatkalin Bangasamaj	publisher	in Calcutta
Altered Destiny	publisher	Accolade
Hate on Trial	publisher	Villard
The Good Man of Nanking	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
Pollen	publisher	Ringpull
Woman	publisher	Sungravure
American Goddess at the Rape of Nanking	publisher	Southern Illinois University Press
Warhammer 40,000 Apocalypse	publisher	Games Workshop
We Love Golf!	publisher	Capcom
Gran Turismo 5 Prologue	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Space Pilot	publisher	Kingsoft GmbH
The Four of Hearts	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Four of Hearts	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Devil to Pay	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Devil to Pay	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Logos: A Journal of Catholic Thought and Culture	publisher	University of St. Thomas
A Blues for Shindig	publisher	PaperBooks
Communalism Combat	publisher	Sabrang Communications
The Angel Makers	publisher	PaperBooks
Baber's Apple	publisher	PaperBooks
Cry of the Justice Bird	publisher	PaperBooks
Ararat Quarterly	publisher	Armenian General Benevolent Union
The Rasp	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Rasp	publisher	Dial Press
Alter Echo	publisher	THQ
NHL 2K9	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Witch World	publisher	Ace Books
Samurai-Ghost	publisher	Namco
Institutes of Natural and Revealed Religion	publisher	Joseph Johnson, London
Silent Scope 2: Dark Silhouette	publisher	Konami
Howard Dully	publisher	Crown
I, Mona Lisa	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf	publisher	Sexpol-Verlag
Reel Fishing	publisher	Natsume
Through Gates of Splendor	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Through Gates of Splendor	publisher	Tyndale House
Army@Love	publisher	Vertigo Comics
End of the Spear	publisher	Saltriver
Worms: A Space Oddity	publisher	THQ
Football Manager 2008	publisher	Sega
Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two.	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two.	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two.	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal	publisher	New York City
How Children Learn	publisher	Pitman Publishing
How Children Learn	publisher	Delacorte Press
How Children Learn	publisher	Perseus Publishing
Virology	publisher	Elsevier
North Atlantic '86	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Lives at Risk	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, Inc.
The Father Hunt	publisher	Viking Press
All Passion Spent	publisher	Hogarth Press
Star Trek Memories	publisher	Harper-Collins
Crosscountry	publisher	Ingenuity Works
Capital	publisher	Gruner + Jahr
White Boots	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Legend of Hero Tonma	publisher	Irem
The Family Nobody Wanted	publisher	Little, Brown
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash	publisher	WildStorm
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Best of the Best: 20 Years of the Year's Best Science Fiction	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Third Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Sinister Wisdom	publisher	Elana Dykewomon
Tunshi Tiandi 3	publisher	SKOB
Beyond Einstein	publisher	Bantam Books
Mighty Atom	publisher	Konami
Mighty Atom	publisher	Banpresto
Flinx Transcendent	publisher	Del Rey Books
Tree of Smoke	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Iron Lord	publisher	Ubisoft
Fer et Flamme	publisher	Ubisoft
Kwari	publisher	Kwari Limited
World of Outlaws: Sprint Cars 2002	publisher	Infogrames
Ecography	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
SBK-07: Superbike World Championship	publisher	Black Bean Games
SBK-07: Superbike World Championship	publisher	Valcon Games
The Great War for Civilisation	publisher	Fourth Estate
Dave Barry in Cyberspace	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Fortune Arterial	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Fortune Arterial	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dictionary of New Zealand Biography	publisher	various
Fantasy Wars	publisher	1
A Lion Among Men	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Fórmula de Deus	publisher	William Morrow
Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	publisher	BBC
Il castello di Eymerich	publisher	Mondadori Editore
Darconville's Cat	publisher	Doubleday, later Henry Holt and Company
The Twenty-Second Day	publisher	Elain Publishing House
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back	publisher	Parker Brothers
Kizuato	publisher	Aquaplus
Battlefield 1942: Secret Weapons of WWII	publisher	Electronic Arts
What I Was	publisher	Puffin Books
Earth Eternal	publisher	Turnout Ventures
Earth Eternal	publisher	Sankando Corporation
Death of a Dude	publisher	Viking Press
Please Pass the Guilt	publisher	Viking Press
07-Ghost	publisher	Ichijinsha
Morality Play	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
On the Marble Cliffs	publisher	Hanseat. Verlag, Hamburg
Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want to Save the World	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing Plc
Tearoom Trade	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Athabasca	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Athabasca	publisher	Doubleday
Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention	publisher	Viking Press
Waiting for Anya	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd.
War Horse	publisher	Kaye & Ward
Misquoting Jesus	publisher	HarperCollins
The Book of Games Volume 1	publisher	GameXplore NA Inc
The Book of Games Volume 2	publisher	GameXplore NA Inc
The Myth of the Rational Voter	publisher	Princeton University Press
Megazone 23: Aoi Garland	publisher	Compile Heart
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-First Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighteenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Old Timers	publisher	Privately printed
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Android's Dream	publisher	Tor Books
Myself ; Yourself	publisher	MediaWorks
The Natural History of Alcoholism Revisited	publisher	Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press
Thieves of Blood	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Journal of Molecular Evolution	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Naked Came the Manatee	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The City of Skulls	publisher	Lancer Books
Safecracker: The Ultimate Puzzle Adventure	publisher	The Adventure Company
Asia Overland	publisher	Trailblazer
The Last of the Jedi: Against the Empire	publisher	Scholastic Press
Farscape	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Educating Esmé	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Catholics	publisher	*
Catholics	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Catholics	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Catholics	publisher	Holt, Rinehart & Winston
Mamorukun Curse!	publisher	G.rev
Mamorukun Curse!	publisher	Cyber Front
Mamorukun Curse!	publisher	UFO Interactive Games
Kiki Strike	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Parallel Worlds	publisher	Doubleday
Sugar Princess	publisher	Hakusensha
Carnivores 2	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Carnivores 2	publisher	Infogrames
AlterNative	publisher	Ngā Pae o te Māramatanga
The Historicity of the Patriarchal Narratives	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Close the Last Door	publisher	Biblos
The Man in Grey	publisher	Cassell & Co
Guitar Hero World Tour	publisher	Activision
Guitar Hero World Tour	publisher	Aspyr Media
Brigham Young: American Moses	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
White Man Falling	publisher	Alma Books
Dead Certain	publisher	Free Press
The Genius of America	publisher	The Scribner Press
Le Naturaliste Canadien	publisher	Société Provancher d'Histoire Naturelle du Canada
Tag Team Match: MUSCLE	publisher	Bandai
Tag Team Match: MUSCLE	publisher	Mattel
Monster Manual V	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Oakfield; or, Fellowship in the East	publisher	Longman, Brown, Green, and Longmans
Painkiller: Overdose	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Host	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
East India Company	publisher	Paradox Interactive
White Gold: War in Paradise	publisher	CIS: Russobit-M
Non-no	publisher	Shueisha
Kingdom Grand Prix	publisher	Eighting
Kingdom Grand Prix	publisher	GAGA Communications
Dragon Eye	publisher	Kodansha
Night of the Ripper	publisher	Doubleday
Action Force	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects	publisher	Torrentino , Giunti
Empire from the Ashes	publisher	Baen Books
Jewish Supremacism: My Awakening to the Jewish Question	publisher	Free Speech Press
The Shock Doctrine	publisher	Knopf Canada
The Reluctant Queen	publisher	Robert Hale
The Dresden Files Roleplaying Game	publisher	Evil Hat Productions
New York Nights: Success in the City	publisher	Gameloft
The Candy Shop War	publisher	Shadow Mountain Publishing
Arnold Palmer Tournament Golf	publisher	Sega
Hispanic Enterprise Magazine	publisher	Televisa Publishing, a Televisa company.
Shroud for a Nightingale	publisher	Faber and Faber
Tribal Trouble	publisher	GarageGames
Let Time Pass	publisher	Gyldendal
Invisible Hands	publisher	J.W. Cappelens Forlag
Crack Down	publisher	Sega
Crack Down	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Book of Animal Ignorance	publisher	Faber and Faber
Darwin's Angel	publisher	Profile Books
Flower of Life	publisher	Shinshokan
Race 07	publisher	SimBin Studios
ReCharge Collectible Card Game	publisher	Marvel Entertainment
X-Men Trading Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Military Medicine	publisher	Association of Military Surgeons of the United States
Dreamer	publisher	Tor Books
Planet Hot Wheels	publisher	Mattel
SharkWire Online	publisher	InterAct
And the Devil Will Drag You Under	publisher	Del Rey Books
Noah's Ark	publisher	Konami
Gauntlet III: The Final Quest	publisher	U.S. Gold
Sharpe's Skirmish	publisher	HarperCollins
The Wool-Pack	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Load of Unicorn	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Memoirs: 1939–1993	publisher	Douglas Gibson Books
Pooh and the Philosophers	publisher	Dutton Books
Kick Master	publisher	Taito Corporation
Batgirl: The Resurrection Machine	publisher	Dark Horse ComicsDC Comics
Harvard Review	publisher	Houghton Library
Harvard Review	publisher	Harvard University
Krondor: Tear of the Gods	publisher	HarperCollins
The Company	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Japan's Imperial Conspiracy	publisher	Various
Call and Response: The Riverside Anthology of the African American Literary Tradition	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Serenity: Better Days	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Mr. Monk in Outer Space	publisher	Signet Books
Nonlinearity	publisher	IOP Publishing and the London Mathematical Society
Mammonart	publisher	Self
Telek	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
Wandering Stars	publisher	Harper
Native Tongue	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Iron & Silk	publisher	Random House
CJ's Elephant Antics	publisher	Codemasters
Vietnam Inc.	publisher	Collier
Mystic Defender	publisher	Sega
Little T Learns to Share	publisher	BenBella Books
The Sterkarm Handshake	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Presidents and Prophets	publisher	Covenant Communications
The Nobodies	publisher	HarperCollins
The Morning After	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side	publisher	Konami
Aziyadé	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
A Mango-Shaped Space	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels	publisher	St. Martin's Press
One Million A.D.	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club
Link's Crossbow Training	publisher	Nintendo
Thunder Truck Rally	publisher	Psygnosis
Tomorrow and Tomorrow	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Revue Aerospatiale	publisher	Aerospatiale
Vida	publisher	PM Press
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Take-Down – Missions in Korea	publisher	Kama Digital Entertainment
Battlestar Galactica Collectible Card Game	publisher	Wizkids
GURPS Vehicles	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Time Travel	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Ultra-Tech	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
National Institute Economic Review	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the National Institute of Economic and Social Research
The Elysium Commission	publisher	Tor Books
SoMa	publisher	Kensington Books
Annales Scientifiques de l'École Normale Supérieure	publisher	Société Mathématique de France
Spawn: Godslayer	publisher	Image Comics
The Sailor Dog	publisher	Little Golden Books
Hitman: Enemy Within	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Wealth of Networks	publisher	Yale University Press
Lost Light	publisher	Little Brown
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Fallout	publisher	Penguin Group
The Gollywhopper Games	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Indian Summer: The Secret History of the End of an Empire	publisher	Henry Holt and Company, New York
The Sea Around Us	publisher	Oxford University Press
Kamui	publisher	Shogakukan
Kamui	publisher	Shogakukan
Pontoon: A Novel of Lake Wobegon	publisher	Viking Press
Minami-ke	publisher	Kodansha
Hoppin' Mad	publisher	Elite Systems
Kettō Transformers Beast Wars: Beast Senshi Saikyō Ketteisen	publisher	Takara
Mitsume ga Tooru	publisher	Tomy
GURPS Bunnies & Burrows	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Salem Falls	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Semiconductor Science and Technology	publisher	IOP Publishing
European Journal of Physics	publisher	IOP Publishing
Other Earths	publisher	DAW Books
Illegal Alien	publisher	Ace Books
Lassie	publisher	Shueisha
Lassie	publisher	Western Publishing
Leaving Home: A Collection of Lake Wobegon Stories	publisher	Viking Penguin
Wilderness Survival Guide	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dungeoneer's Survival Guide	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Braid	publisher	Number None, Inc.
Braid	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Last Dog on Earth	publisher	Random House
Under the Sea Wind	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Under the Sea Wind	publisher	Oxford 1952; Penguin Nature Classics 1996
Flying Jake	publisher	Macmillan Publishing Company
Protostar: War on the Frontier	publisher	Tsunami Media
When I Was Young in the Mountains	publisher	Puffin Books
The Mammoth Book of Extreme Science Fiction	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Apocalypse: Desire Next	publisher	Idea Factory
The Devil Inside	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Ode to Kirihito	publisher	Shogakukan
The Modern Corporation and Private Property	publisher	Transaction Publishers
University of Chicago Law Review	publisher	University of Chicago Law School
Theatrix	publisher	Backstage Press
The Transformers: Revelation	publisher	IDW Publishing
Contributions to Indian Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications
The Bowstring Murders	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Bowstring Murders	publisher	Heinemann
The White Priory Murders	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The White Priory Murders	publisher	Heinemann
The Red Widow Murders	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Red Widow Murders	publisher	Heinemann
The Unicorn Murders	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Unicorn Murders	publisher	Heinemann
Death Times Three	publisher	Bantam Books
Transparent Things	publisher	McGraw-Hill Companies
The Ant Men of Tibet and Other Stories	publisher	Big Engine
Louis le Brocquy Táin illustrations	publisher	Dolmen Editions IX, Dolmen Press, Dublin
Into a Strange Lost World	publisher	The Bodley Head
Into a Strange Lost World	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
A Pack of Liars	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Queen Elizabeth Story	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Armourer's House	publisher	OUP
Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan!	publisher	Sega
Forbidden Planets	publisher	DAW Books
Constellations	publisher	DAW Books
Big Bang Beat	publisher	AliceSoft
A Song of Sixpence	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
A Song of Sixpence	publisher	Little, Brown
Bomberman Wars	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Punch and Judy Murders	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Punch and Judy Murders	publisher	Heinemann
Death in Five Boxes	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Death in Five Boxes	publisher	Heinemann
This is Orson Welles	publisher	HarperCollins
Plant Pathology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Plant Pathology
Life's Lottery	publisher	Crow Street Press/Scorpius Digital
Mississippi Jack	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Bazaar Bizarre	publisher	Penguin Group
GoPets: Vacation Island	publisher	Konami
Highway Star	publisher	Futabasha
Mars Probes	publisher	DAW Books
The Starry Rift	publisher	Viking Press
Drop to His Death	publisher	Heinemann
Drop to His Death	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
The Reader is Warned	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Reader is Warned	publisher	Heinemann
Chameleon	publisher	Kodansha
And So to Murder	publisher	William Morrow and Company
And So to Murder	publisher	Heinemann
Murder in the Submarine Zone	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Murder in the Submarine Zone	publisher	Heinemann
Desert of the Heart	publisher	Macmillan Canada
Maithili Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan	publisher	Binod Bihari Verma
Confessions of a Video Vixen	publisher	HarperCollins
Reveal Fantasia	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Boss Rally	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
The Cat and the King	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Cat and the King	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Lost Princess	publisher	Strahan & Co
Los Angeles Times Magazine	publisher	Eddy Hartenstein
October Dreams	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Geographical Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Geographical Society
Skullduggery	publisher	Outset Media
Advance Wars: Days of Ruin	publisher	Nintendo
Stirrings Still: The International Journal of Existential Literature	publisher	Binghamton University
Seeing is Believing	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Seeing is Believing	publisher	Heinemann
The Gilded Man	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Gilded Man	publisher	Heinemann
She Died a Lady	publisher	William Morrow and Company
She Died a Lady	publisher	Heinemann
Ao no Fūin	publisher	Shogakukan
Ao no Fūin	publisher	KSS
A Thing of Beauty	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
A Thing of Beauty	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Lost Luggage	publisher	BBC Books
Hugo: Jungle Island	publisher	ITE Media
The Judas Tree	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Judas Tree	publisher	Little, Brown
Soul Circus	publisher	Little Brown
Akatsuki-iro no Senpuku Majo	publisher	Futabasha
Classical and Quantum Gravity	publisher	IOP Publishing
Canadian Illustrated News	publisher	George-Édouard Desbarats
Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering	publisher	Wiley Publishing
The Imperial Presidency	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Ys I & II	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Ys I & II	publisher	Hudson Soft
Ys I & II	publisher	Xseed Games
Balanak Bonihar O Pallavi	publisher	Binod Bihari Verma
Astrophysics and Space Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Life I Lead	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Jesus Scroll	publisher	New American Library
Earthweek	publisher	Through Universal Press Syndicate
He Wouldn't Kill Patience	publisher	William Morrow and Company
He Wouldn't Kill Patience	publisher	Heinemann
The Curse of the Bronze Lamp	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Curse of the Bronze Lamp	publisher	Heinemann
My Late Wives	publisher	William Morrow and Company
My Late Wives	publisher	Heinemann
Air Battle Force	publisher	Harper
Oxford American Dictionary	publisher	Oxford University Press
Adventures in Two Worlds	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Adventures in Two Worlds	publisher	Little, Brown
The Biologic Show	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Jupiter Laughs	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Jupiter Laughs	publisher	Little, Brown
Mercury	publisher	Tor Books
He-Man: Defender of Grayskull	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Tapasa vai Ganga	publisher	Binod Bihari Verma
Otogimoyou Ayanishiki	publisher	Hakusensha
The Hercules Text	publisher	Ace Books
Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The House of the Wolfings	publisher	Reeves and Turner
Heaven Eyes	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Soulstorm	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Soulstorm	publisher	Sega
Images	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Skeleton in the Clock	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Skeleton in the Clock	publisher	Heinemann
A Graveyard to Let	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Graveyard to Let	publisher	Heinemann
Night at the Mocking Widow	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Night at the Mocking Widow	publisher	Heinemann
Behind the Crimson Blind	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Behind the Crimson Blind	publisher	Heinemann
Luminous Arc 2	publisher	Marvelous Entertainment
Luminous Arc 2	publisher	Atlus
Luminous Arc 2	publisher	Rising Star Games
He-Man: Power of Grayskull	publisher	TDK Mediactive
The Cavalier's Cup	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Cavalier's Cup	publisher	Heinemann
Masters of the Universe: The Power of He-Man	publisher	Intellivision
Angel Pavement	publisher	Heinemann
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fourth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Jennifer, Hecate, Macbeth, William McKinley, and Me, Elizabeth	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Mad King	publisher	A.C. McClurg
Trust Me	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
JLA: Act of God	publisher	Elseworlds
The Grass-Cutting Sword	publisher	Prime Books
Arrow of God	publisher	Heinemann
Arrow of God	publisher	London
A Man of the People	publisher	Heinemann
A Man of the People	publisher	John Day
In Milton Lumky Territory	publisher	Dragon Press
The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Humpty Dumpty in Oakland	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Nick and the Glimmung	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Les Afriques	publisher	Dominique Flaux
JLA: Age of Wonder	publisher	Elseworlds
Wintle's Wonders	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Once Upon a Time in the North	publisher	David Fickling Books, Alfred A. Knopf Books for Young Readers
Journal of Healthcare Management	publisher	American College of Healthcare Executives
Torchlight to Valhalla	publisher	Random House
Torchlight to Valhalla	publisher	Naiad Press
Patapon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
IEEE Internet Computing	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Journal of Lightwave Technology	publisher	Optical Society and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
IEEE MultiMedia	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Transactions on Multimedia	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
IEEE Sensors Journal	publisher	IEEE Sensors Council
Land of the Living	publisher	Michael Joseph
Secret Agent Clank	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Enchanted	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Dragon's Teeth	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Dragon's Teeth	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Winter of Frankie Machine	publisher	Knopf
Me & My Brothers	publisher	Hakusensha
Calamity Town	publisher	Little, Brown
Calamity Town	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Kono Aozora ni Yakusoku o	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Double, Double	publisher	Little, Brown
Double, Double	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Ten Days' Wonder	publisher	Little, Brown
Ten Days' Wonder	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Cat of Many Tails	publisher	Little, Brown
Cat of Many Tails	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Murderer Is a Fox	publisher	Little, Brown
The Murderer Is a Fox	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Knucklebones	publisher	Jones Publishing
There Was an Old Woman	publisher	Little, Brown
There Was an Old Woman	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Origin of Evil	publisher	Little, Brown
The Origin of Evil	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Prabuddha Bharata	publisher	Advaita Ashrama
2 Days	publisher	Square Enix
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep	publisher	Square Enix
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep	publisher	Ubisoft
Kingdom Hearts Coded	publisher	Square Enix
World War Hulk: X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Valkyria Chronicles	publisher	Sega
Right as Rain	publisher	Little Brown
Ériu	publisher	Royal Irish Academy
HoneyComing	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
HoneyComing	publisher	ASCII Media Works
On Being a Pagan	publisher	Albin Michel
Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair	publisher	Kelmscott Press
A Drink Before the War	publisher	Harcourt
Ballerburg	publisher	Eckhard Kruse
Prism Ark	publisher	MediaWorks
Prism Ark	publisher	Media Factory
Total Immersion Racing	publisher	Empire Interactive
Total Immersion Racing	publisher	Feral Interactive
Active Life: Outdoor Challenge	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Ant	publisher	Ant Yayınları
The King Is Dead	publisher	Little, Brown
The King Is Dead	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Penumbra: Black Plague	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Scarlet Letters	publisher	Little, Brown
The Scarlet Letters	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Flower	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Uncommon Reader	publisher	Faber & Faber and Profile Books
Scarab	publisher	Vertigo
The Glass Village	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
The Glass Village	publisher	Gollancz
Drain	publisher	Image Comics
Antiviral Chemistry & Chemotherapy	publisher	International Medical Press
Prey the Stars	publisher	Koei
Old Glory: An American Voyage	publisher	Picador
Gate of Thunder	publisher	Hudson Soft
Mystery P.I.: The Lottery Ticket	publisher	PopCap Games
Surf na crvenom talasu	publisher	Ukronija
Sword of Sodan	publisher	Discovery Software
Sword of Sodan	publisher	Electronic Arts
Physics of Fluids	publisher	AIP Publishing
Metal Slug 7	publisher	Nintendo DS\nPlayStation Portable
Metal Slug 7	publisher	Xbox Live Arcade
Metal Slug 7	publisher	SNK Playmore
Two Caravans	publisher	Penguin Books
Disney Princess: Enchanted Journey	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Firm of Girdlestone	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Disney Princess: Magical Jewels	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Gypsy	publisher	Tor Books
Pet Alien: An Intergalactic Puzzlepalooza	publisher	The Game Factory
European Journal of Combinatorics	publisher	Elsevier
Skate	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tsuppari Wars	publisher	Sammy Studios
Dead Space	publisher	Electronic Arts
The River at the Center of the World	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Silent Hill: Orphan	publisher	Konami
Spectral Souls: Resurrection of the Ethereal Empires	publisher	NIS America
Chameleon Jail	publisher	Shueisha
FIFA 06: Road to FIFA World Cup	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Year of Freaking Out	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia
So the Wind Won't Blow It All Away	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Girls	publisher	Knopf Canada ; Little, Brown
Backbreaker	publisher	505
Slide Adventure MAGKID	publisher	Nintendo
From Atlantis to the Sphinx	publisher	Virgin Books
Warrior of Rome	publisher	Micronet
Asimov's Science Fiction: 30th Anniversary Anthology	publisher	Tachyon Publications
Around the World in Seventy-Two Days	publisher	Hall's Pictorial Weekly
En rade	publisher	Tresse & Stock
Clear	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Kachō Kōsaku Shima	publisher	Kodansha
Tetsuko no Tabi	publisher	Shogakukan
China Sky	publisher	John Day Company
The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star	publisher	Pocket Books
MotorStorm: Pacific Rift	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Letter from Peking	publisher	John Day Company
Face of Courage	publisher	DOUBLE STOREY BOOKS
Heavy Metal: Geomatrix	publisher	Sega
Heavy Metal: Geomatrix	publisher	Capcom
Hot Shots Tennis	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Environmental Research Letters	publisher	IOP Publishing
State of War	publisher	Crystal Interactive
Killer: A Journal of Murder	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Tenth Circle	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Night Gardener	publisher	Little Brown
Xbox Music Mixer	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Sentient	publisher	Psygnosis
The Trouble with Girls	publisher	Eternity Comics/Malibu Comics, 1987–1988, 1989–1991
The Trouble with Girls	publisher	Comico, 1989
The Trouble with Girls	publisher	Epic Comics, 1993
The Trouble with Girls	publisher	Devil's Due Digital, 2010
The Twilight of the Gods and Other Tales	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Microbiology	publisher	Society for General Microbiology
A Secret Atlas	publisher	Bantam Books
Babar's Museum of Art	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction	publisher	Alpha Books
The Fall of Doctor Onslow	publisher	André Deutsch
Snowbound: The Record of a Theatrical Touring Party	publisher	Collier and Company
Loki: Heroes of Mythology	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
National Contest Journal	publisher	American Radio Relay League
The Blacker the Berry	publisher	The Macaulay Company
QEX	publisher	American Radio Relay League
Patriot Reign	publisher	HarperCollins
Boston	publisher	Albert & Charles Boni
Journal of Medical Microbiology	publisher	Society for General Microbiology
Journal of Clinical Oncology	publisher	American Society of Clinical Oncology
Only When I Larf	publisher	Sphere Books
I Was a Rat! or The Scarlet Slippers	publisher	Doubleday
Roc'n Rope	publisher	Konami, Kosuka
The Return of Nathan Brazil	publisher	Del Rey Books
Up'n Down	publisher	Sega
Cosmic Avenger	publisher	Universal Entertainment Corporation
The Rachel Papers	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Rachel Papers	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Bruce Lee	publisher	Datasoft
Bruce Lee	publisher	U.S. Gold
Bruce Lee	publisher	Comptiq
Journal of Latin American Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society	publisher	Wiley on behalf of the Linnean Society
The Wallet of Kai Lung	publisher	Grant Richards
Venom: Lethal Protector	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Spirit of Tolerance	publisher	World Wisdom
Landing High Japan	publisher	Taito Corporation, GM2
Defining Dulcie	publisher	Dial Books
Star Over Bethlehem	publisher	William Collins
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirteenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology	publisher	Society for General Microbiology
Praxis Journal of Philosophy	publisher	University of Manchester
Light a Penny Candle	publisher	Arrow Books
Apocalyptica	publisher	Konami
The Movement of the Free Spirit	publisher	Editions Ramsay ; Zone Books
Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
A Wolf at the Table	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Kaleidoscope in %22K%22	publisher	Zsolnay
Pursuit Force: Extreme Justice	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Pursuit Force: Extreme Justice	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Florida Catholic	publisher	Bishop Gerald Barbarito of Palm Beach; Bishop John Gerard Noonan of Orlando; Bishop Frank Joseph Dewane of Venice
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume III: Century	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume III: Century	publisher	Knockabout Comics
Kai Lung: Six	publisher	The Non-Profit Press
Peer English	publisher	University of Leicester
The Physician	publisher	Simon & Schuster
19th-Century Music	publisher	University of California Press
A Soldier of the Great War	publisher	Harcourt
Dreamspell	publisher	Foundation for the Law of Time
Contexts	publisher	SAGE Publications
A Fire in the Sun	publisher	Doubleday
Journal of Empirical Research on Human Research Ethics	publisher	Sage Publications
Ai Senshi Nicol	publisher	Konami
Music Theory Spectrum	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journal of the American Musicological Society	publisher	University of California Press on behalf of the American Musicological Society
Symbolic Interaction	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Music Perception	publisher	University of California Press
The Journal of Musicology	publisher	University of California Press
Mexican Studies	publisher	University of California Press
King of Clubs	publisher	Oxygen Games
Representations	publisher	University of California Press
Red Midnight	publisher	HarperCollins
Sundays at Tiffany's	publisher	Little, Brown
Like Life	publisher	Softgarage
Sail	publisher	Little, Brown
Shadows of Cairn	publisher	Masque Publishing, Inc.
Out of Sync	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Diner Dash: Hometown Hero	publisher	PlayFirst
Biochemical Society Transactions	publisher	Portland Press
The Secret of the Third Watch	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
Dark Sceptre	publisher	Firebird Software
Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree	publisher	The Richards Press Ltd.
The Moon of Much Gladness	publisher	Cassell
TZAAR	publisher	SmartGames
The Hardy Boys: The Hidden Theft	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Final Soldier	publisher	Hudson Soft
The House of Lost Identity	publisher	Robert M. McBride
Earth Inferno	publisher	C.H.L., London
Kurogane	publisher	Kodansha
Luck in the Shadows	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Stalking Darkness	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Falling	publisher	Fontein
The Footprints on the Ceiling	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Headless Lady	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
No Coffin for the Corpse	publisher	Little, Brown
Journal of Organometallic Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Bungeishunjū	publisher	Bungeishunjū
Dragonsdale	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Glass House	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Princes	publisher	Viking
Thursday's Child	publisher	Penguin Books
Surrender	publisher	Penguin Club
Forest	publisher	Viking
Teneke	publisher	Varlık Yayınları
Dirk Nowitzki: German Wunderkind	publisher	Stiebner Verlag GmbH
The Book of Pleasure	publisher	Cooperative Printing Society Limited, Tudor Street, E.C.
The Exile Kiss	publisher	Doubleday
Ballistics	publisher	Xicat Interactive
Ballistics	publisher	Triotech
Ballistics	publisher	Linux Game Publishing
Darkness, Tell Us	publisher	Feature
A Romance of the Halifax Disaster	publisher	Royal Print & Litho
Mokke	publisher	Kodansha
First Love Limited	publisher	Shueisha
Femme Fatales	publisher	David E. Williams
Dazzle	publisher	Square Enix
Dazzle	publisher	Ichijinsha
Bee Movie Game	publisher	Activision
Victory of Eagles	publisher	Voyager Books
Boku no Natsuyasumi 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Bases Loaded 4	publisher	Jaleco
Boku no Natsuyasumi	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Dumbarton Oaks Papers	publisher	Dumbarton Oaks
The Game	publisher	
The Game	publisher	
The Game	publisher	
Oriens Christianus	publisher	Harrassowitz Verlag
Noman	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Explosion in a Cathedral	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Letters to Jenny	publisher	Tor Books
Conan	publisher	THQ
FreeStyle Street Basketball	publisher	JCEntertainment
PlayStation: The Official Magazine	publisher	Future plc
PlayStation: The Official Magazine	publisher	Future US
The Winter Knights	publisher	Doubleday
Biker Mice from Mars	publisher	The Game Factory
Rosario + Vampire	publisher	Shueisha
Chemosphere	publisher	Elsevier
Fatal Revenant	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Bamboo Blade	publisher	Square Enix
Bombs Away: The Story of a Bomber Team	publisher	Viking Press
Rip-Off	publisher	Cinematronics
Nightmare Academy: Charlie's Monsters	publisher	HarperCollins
Just One Look	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Laidlaw	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Ultimate Origins	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ultimatum	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dragonaut: The Resonance	publisher	Shueisha
Inside the Robot Kingdom	publisher	Kodansha International; Harper & Row
The Pea-Pickers	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Pursuit	publisher	Tandem Library
The Fortunate Fall	publisher	Tor Books
Kamisama Game	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Revenge in the Silent Tomb	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
Sparkster: Rocket Knight Adventures 2	publisher	Konami
Monster Paradise	publisher	Make Soft
Journal of Information Technology & Politics	publisher	Routledge on behalf  of the American Political Science Association
Daughter of Earth	publisher	Virago Press
Daughter of Earth	publisher	Coward-McCann
Daughter of Earth	publisher	The Feminist Press
Asunaro Hakusho	publisher	Shogakukan
Zoo Tycoon 2 DS	publisher	THQ
Là-bas	publisher	Tresse & Stock
The Sunrise Lands	publisher	Roc Books
Our Home's Fox Deity.	publisher	ASCII Media Works
SWAT: Target Liberty	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Dark Sun	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Bible Experience	publisher	Zondervan
Agent X II: The Mad Prof's Back	publisher	Mastertronic
Putting on the Ritz	publisher	Viking Press
Aldrichimica Acta	publisher	Sigma-Aldrich
Blue Heaven	publisher	Penguin Books
Tomoe Gozen	publisher	Ace Books
Operation: Matriarchy	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Power Golf	publisher	Hudson Soft
Power Golf	publisher	Konami
Short Trips: The Ghosts of Christmas	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Journal of Geophysics and Engineering	publisher	IOP Publishing
Journal of Micromechanics and Microengineering	publisher	IOP Publishing
Blitz: The League II	publisher	WB Games
Cosmic Causeway: Trailblazer II	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Anti-Aircraft	publisher	Atari, Inc
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Weird Dreams	publisher	Rainbird Software
Halo 4	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Chasing the Dime	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
The Journal of Slavic Military Studies	publisher	Routledge
Marriage Royale	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Uno's Garden	publisher	Penguin Books
Psybadek	publisher	Psygnosis
Thunderhead	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Kaiji	publisher	Kodansha
Broken April	publisher	Librairie Arthème Fayard
Super Cars II	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Super Air Zonk: Rockabilly-Paradise	publisher	Hudson Soft
Hot Wheels: Beat That!	publisher	Activision
Samurai Usagi	publisher	Shueisha
Love My Life	publisher	Shodensha
Rome: Total War: Alexander	publisher	Sega
Rome: Total War: Alexander	publisher	Feral Interactive
Warrior's Refuge	publisher	HarperCollins and Tokyopop
Splat Magazine Renegade Paintball	publisher	Global Star Software
London	publisher	Century Hutchinson
The World at Night	publisher	Random House
Demon Chaos	publisher	Genki
Demon Chaos	publisher	Konami
Exile of the Eons	publisher	Popular Publications
Dreamland	publisher	Puffin Books
The Catastrophe of Success	publisher	The New York Times
Jungle Tales	publisher	Atlas Comics
The Nightly News	publisher	Image Comics
Master of Weapon	publisher	Taito
Master of Weapon	publisher	Sega
Ana's Story	publisher	HarperCollins
Nono-chan	publisher	Asahi Shimbun
Nono-chan	publisher	Tokyo Sogensha
Nono-chan	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Nono-chan	publisher	Futabasha
Nono-chan	publisher	Tokyo Sogensha
Nono-chan	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Baito-kun	publisher	Futabasha
Drowned God	publisher	Inscape
The Fairy Gunmother	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
My Theodosia	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Collapse of Chaos	publisher	Penguin Books
Hanagumi Taisen Columns	publisher	Sega
The Philosopher	publisher	The Philosophical Society of England
The Ghost	publisher	Hutchinson
The Ghost	publisher	Simon & Schuster
African Affairs	publisher	Oxford University Press
High Noon	publisher	Ocean Software
Feel Ski	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
What We Believe But Cannot Prove	publisher	Harper Perennial
British Homing World	publisher	Royal Pigeon Racing Association
Livestock's Long Shadow	publisher	Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
King of Cards	publisher	Hakusensha
Dynamite Duke	publisher	Seibu Kaihatsu
Dynamite Duke	publisher	Sega
Zub	publisher	Mastertronic
Death into Life	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Venetia	publisher	Henry Colburn
Emily Climbs	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Shima Shima Tora no Shimajirō	publisher	Benesse
The Diana Chronicles	publisher	Broadway Books
The Stuff of Thought	publisher	Penguin Group
Super Smash Bros. Melee	publisher	Nintendo
Company of Heroes Online	publisher	THQ
Company of Heroes Online	publisher	Shanda
Company of Heroes Online	publisher	Windysoft
Colonization: Down to Earth	publisher	Del Rey Books
Colonization: Aftershocks	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Conch Bearer	publisher	Roaring Brook Press
Beyond the Fall of Night	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
On Thermonuclear War	publisher	Princeton University Press
On Thermonuclear War	publisher	Transaction Publishers
The Family of Pascual Duarte	publisher	Ediciones Aldecoa, S.A.
Omertà	publisher	Random House
The Good Companions	publisher	Heinemann
The Job	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon	publisher	Nintendo
The War of the Worlds	publisher	CRL Group
Maps and Legends	publisher	McSweeney's
Jews Against Zionism	publisher	Temple University Press
Eon	publisher	Helmgast AB, Neogames
Bucks Free Press	publisher	Newsquest
One Piece	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Mario Super Sluggers	publisher	Nintendo
The Disinherited	publisher	University of Missouri Press
Dr. Mario Online Rx	publisher	Nintendo
Vinduet	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
La Opinión	publisher	Jacobo Timerman
My Pokémon Ranch	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Ambidextrous	publisher	Gay Presses of New York
Ishii Hisaichi's CNN	publisher	Bunshun
Soldier of Fortune: Payback	publisher	Activision
Monster Hunter Tri	publisher	Capcom
The Sims 2: FreeTime	publisher	Electronic Arts
Solar Energy Materials and Solar Cells	publisher	Elsevier
Ring of Fire II	publisher	Baen Books
Power to the People	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Tarzan	publisher	Dell Comics
Tarzan	publisher	Gold Key Comics
Tarzan	publisher	Charlton Comics
Tarzan	publisher	DC Comics
Tarzan	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tarzan	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Tarzan	publisher	Idaho Comics Group
Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems	publisher	SIGCHI
The Monster Bed	publisher	Andersen Press Ltd.
The Coroner's Lunch	publisher	Soho Press
Tetragrammaton Labyrinth	publisher	Wani Books
Judita	publisher	Guglielmo da Fontaneto
Arkadian Warriors	publisher	Sierra Online
God: The Failed Hypothesis	publisher	Prometheus Books
CartaCapital	publisher	Editora Confiança
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Manhattan Missions	publisher	Konami
The Signifying Monkey	publisher	Oxford University Press
Krytyka Polityczna	publisher	Stanisław Brzozowski Association
Viz: The Game	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Four-Gated City	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Hero	publisher	Hyperion
Tales of the Alhambra	publisher	Carey & Lea, Henry Colburn
The Tide Knot	publisher	HarperCollins
Click Click Snap	publisher	Sean McGowan
In the Shadow of the Moon	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Lady Stalker: Challenge from the Past	publisher	Taito
Guardian War	publisher	Panasonic
Europa Universalis: Rome	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Brütal Legend	publisher	Electronic Arts
Brütal Legend	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Ganbare!! Tabuchi-kun!!	publisher	Futabasha
Ganbare!! Tabuchi-kun!!	publisher	Bunshun
Ohime-sama Navigation	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Deep	publisher	HarperCollins
A New Dictionary of the Terms Ancient and Modern of the Canting Crew	publisher	W. Hawes
Salvation Run	publisher	DC Comics
Polymorph	publisher	Roc Books
Potomac Review	publisher	Montgomery College
Survivor	publisher	Infogrames
Clinical Science	publisher	Portland Press for the Biochemical Society
Pale Blue Dot	publisher	Random House
Modern Ranch Living	publisher	Miramax Books
Goats	publisher	Hyperion Books
Goats	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Naked Pueblo	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Gladiator	publisher	Tor Books
Parallel World	publisher	Varie
The Gryphon's Skull	publisher	Tor Books
Seize the Night	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Seize the Night	publisher	Bantam Books
To Mars and Providence	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Solip:System	publisher	Pulphouse Publishing
Single & Single	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Single & Single	publisher	Scribner
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: My Life as a King	publisher	Square Enix
Generation X	publisher	Universal-Tandem Publishing Co Ltd
Homebody	publisher	HarperCollins
Stone Tables	publisher	Deseret Book Co.
Saints	publisher	Berkley Books
Invasive Procedures	publisher	Tor Books
Fourth Reich of the Rich	publisher	Emissary Publications
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao	publisher	Riverhead Books
The E-mail Mystery	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The E-mail Mystery	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Spider-Man: The Darkest Hours	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen	publisher	Pocket Books
Aqua Vita	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Trials of Topoq	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Firo and Klawd	publisher	BMG
Traitor's Moon	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Shadows Return	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Chike and the River	publisher	Cambridge University Press
A War of Gifts: An Ender Story	publisher	Tor Books
Rebekah	publisher	Forge Books
Rachel and Leah	publisher	Forge Books
Did Jesus Exist%3F	publisher	Prometheus Books
Griffith Review	publisher	Text Publishing for Griffith University
Rasputin	publisher	Tor Books
Redeeming Love	publisher	Bantam  Multnomah Publishers
Postgraduate Medical Journal	publisher	BMJ Group on behalf of the Fellowship of Postgraduate Medicine
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Reincarnation	publisher	Scholastic Press
Parade	publisher	Image Comics
Overlord	publisher	Virgin Interactive
In the Wings: Behind the Scenes at the New York City Ballet	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Dawn Patrol	publisher	Empire Interactive
Pro Evolution Soccer 2009	publisher	Konami
An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals	publisher	Prentice Hall
The Dangerous Days of Daniel X	publisher	Little, Brown
Wayne's World	publisher	THQ
First Boy	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Kurmancî	publisher	Kurdish Institute of Paris
Energy Autonomy: The Economic, Social & Technological Case for Renewable Energy	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Computational Physics	publisher	Elsevier
I'm Losing You	publisher	Villard
Stone Cold	publisher	Heinemann
Wolf	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Haunting	publisher	J. M. Dent
Tulku	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Tulku	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Sea Change	publisher	J. M. Dent
City of Gold	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Death's Shadow	publisher	HarperCollins
Beast	publisher	Marion Lloyd Books
Bionic Commando	publisher	Capcom
Bloodline	publisher	Gauntlet Press
The Edge	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Doomwyte	publisher	Puffin Books
Chequered Flag	publisher	Sinclair Research Ltd
Harlequin	publisher	HarperCollins
The Wanderer	publisher	Joanna Cotler
All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye	publisher	Little Brown, London
The Gathering	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Sleeping Freshmen Never Lie	publisher	Speak
The Boy and the Darkness	publisher	AST
South Park and Philosophy: You Know, I Learned Something Today	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Ghost Hound	publisher	Mag Garden
Canadian Journal of Political Science	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Third Ear	publisher	Third Ear Books
Emily's Quest	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Pundits from Pakistan	publisher	Picador
Street Fighter IV	publisher	Capcom
Convergent Series	publisher	Del Rey Books
Convergent Series	publisher	Ballantine Books
At Home in Mitford	publisher	Doubleday
A Light in the Window	publisher	Lion Hudson
Nebula Maker	publisher	Bran's Head
Golden Axe: Beast Rider	publisher	Sega
Rat Race	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Shiki Tsukai	publisher	Kodansha
Mark of Charon	publisher	CrossGen
Biotechnology and Applied Biochemistry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Impunity Watch	publisher	Syracuse University College of Law
The Wives of Israel	publisher	TBA
Weep Not, Child	publisher	Heinemann
The Crossing of the Red Land	publisher	Editora Novo Século
The Warren Buffett Way	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Moon of Mutiny	publisher	Holt, Rinehart & Winston
Grammar of the Gothic Language	publisher	Clarendon Press
Strange Odyssey	publisher	Adventure International
October	publisher	MIT Press
Mystery Fun House	publisher	Adventure International
Pyramid of Doom	publisher	Adventure International
Venus	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Death of the New Gods	publisher	DC Comics
Encyclopedia Horrifica	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Agaguk	publisher	Institut littéraire de Québec-Grasset
Cardography	publisher	Hypatia Pr Ltd
Realm of Nauga	publisher	Spectral Associates
Realm of Nauga	publisher	Chromasette
Drafted	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Comi Digi +	publisher	Flex Comix
Build-a-lot	publisher	HipSoft
Build-a-lot	publisher	MumboJumbo
Combat School	publisher	Konami
The Careful Use of Compliments	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Careful Use of Compliments	publisher	Little, Brown
Friends, Lovers, Chocolate	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Friends, Lovers, Chocolate	publisher	Pantheon Books
Uncle Wiggily	publisher	Winning Moves
Uncle Wiggily	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
The Wheel of Darkness	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Boxing News	publisher	Newsquest
Rhythm 'n Notes: Improve Your Music Skills	publisher	Agetec
Goofy's Hysterical History Tour	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Sega Superstars Tennis	publisher	Sega
Sega Superstars Tennis	publisher	Feral Interactive
Strange Brother	publisher	Horace Liveright, New York
Necronomicon	publisher	Fairytale Hardcover
Magic Mirror	publisher	Gibbs Smith Publishers
Wyrms	publisher	Dabel Brothers Productions
Wyrms	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Separate Reality	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wolf of the Battlefield: Commando 3	publisher	Capcom
Goofy's Fun House	publisher	NewKidCo
Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Scandal of the Evangelical Mind	publisher	Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company
The Name of this Book is Secret	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
What My Girlfriend Doesn't Know	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Crystal Rain	publisher	Tor Books
Intelligent Thought	publisher	Vintage Books
Ragamuffin	publisher	Tor Books
Blasphemy	publisher	Forge Books
Golden Axe: The Duel	publisher	Sega
Sex and the Single Ghost	publisher	Kensington
Brat Farrar	publisher	Peter Llewelyn Davies
Germany 1985	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
Moyasimon: Tales of Agriculture	publisher	Kodansha
The Abyss	publisher	Time Warner Books
Summon Night 3	publisher	Namco Bandai
Shosha	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Positron	publisher	Micro Power
Dave at Night	publisher	HarperCollins
Trivial Pursuit: Unhinged	publisher	Atari
Dead Island	publisher	Deep Silver
Steering the Craft	publisher	The Eighth Mountain Press
Napoleon Dynamite: The Game	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Kacchū no Senshi Gamu	publisher	Shueisha
Twisted: The Distorted Mathematics of Greenhouse Denial	publisher	Ian G. Enting
Dragon Rage	publisher	3
The Journal of Men's Studies	publisher	Sage Publications for the American Men’s Studies Association
Martha in the Mirror	publisher	BBC Books
The Many Hands	publisher	BBC Books
Snowglobe 7	publisher	BBC Books
Suspense Digest	publisher	Jasoosi Digest Publications
Dial 'M' for Monkey	publisher	Tonto Press
Deep Storm	publisher	Doubleday
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Collectible Card Game	publisher	Score Entertainment
Inorganic Syntheses	publisher	Inorganic Syntheses Organization, John Wiley & Sons
Jennie	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Mists of Dawn	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
The Ice Limit	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
A Far Country	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Year of Living Biblically	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dark Void	publisher	Capcom
Unaccustomed Earth	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Unaccustomed Earth	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Unaccustomed Earth	publisher	Random House
The Brotherhood of the Rose	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Frog and Toad Are Friends	publisher	Harper & Row
Blink	publisher	Thomas Nelson
White	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Ashes to Gold	publisher	Jove
Black	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Red	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Next Time	publisher	William Heinemann
Kurokami Captured	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Kurokami Captured	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shōnen to Inu	publisher	Shueisha
Shōnen to Inu	publisher	SC Allman
The Coxon Fund	publisher	William Heinemann, London; Harper & Brothers Publishers, New York City
Biology of the Cell	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Société Française des Microscopies and the Société de Biologie Cellulaire de France
Galileo's Daughter	publisher	Walker & Company
The Death of the Lion	publisher	William Heinemann
The Death of the Lion	publisher	Harper & Brothers Publishers
Black God	publisher	Square Enix
Fireball	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Fireball	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Aujourd'hui Le Maroc	publisher	ALM Publishing
Dragon Dance	publisher	Viking Press
New Found Land	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
An Open Book	publisher	Subterranean Press
Gran Turismo Concept	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Missing Men of Saturn	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
Rocket Jockey	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
Stadium Beyond the Stars	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
Rocket to Luna	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
NBA 2K8	publisher	2
NBA 2K8	publisher	Spike
Culpa Innata	publisher	Strategy First
Origin in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
Apollo's Song	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Cheyenne	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Memory in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
Castle Zhagwhar	publisher	The Rainbow
The Raven's Knot	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The Fatal Strand	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
1st to Die	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
This Is Not the Life I Ordered	publisher	Conari Press
Demihuman Deities	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Frank in the River	publisher	Tundra Publishing
The Unicorn Girl	publisher	Pyramid Books
Grinning Man	publisher	Tor Books
The Yazoo Queen	publisher	Tor Books
Gert Fram	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
A Plague of Butterflies	publisher	Ace Books
Follower	publisher	Tor Books
A Cross-Country Trip to Kill Richard Nixon	publisher	Tor Books
Middle Woman	publisher	Ace Books
Unaccompanied Sonata	publisher	Dial Press
The Best Day	publisher	Berkley Books
The Monkeys Thought 'Twas All in Fun	publisher	Dial Press
Holy	publisher	Tor Books
Saving Grace	publisher	Tor Books
St. Amy's Tale	publisher	Tor Books
In the Doghouse	publisher	Dell Magazines
Dogwalker	publisher	Tor Books
The Originist	publisher	Tor Books
Monster	publisher	Random House
New Ghostbusters II	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Blue Man	publisher	Harper & Row
Smarty Pants	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Internet Galaxy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Warrior Scarlet	publisher	Oxford University Press
IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Sensors	publisher	MDPI
Man on the Moon	publisher	Templar Publishing
Lost and Found	publisher	HarperCollins
Dark Universe	publisher	Bantam Books
Aristotle	publisher	Walker Books
College & Research Libraries	publisher	Association of College and Research Libraries
College & Research Libraries News	publisher	Association of College and Research Libraries
The Flintstones: The Treasure of Sierra Madrock	publisher	Taito Corporation
Antiviral Research	publisher	Elsevier
Lila Says	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Our Twisted Hero	publisher	World Literature , Mineumsa
 White Girl	publisher	Ecco Press
Journal of Radiological Protection	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of the Society for Radiological Protection
Vilniaus diena	publisher	Diena Media News
Gauntlet	publisher	Tengen
Sergeant Preston	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Flour Babies	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Red Prophet: The Tales of Alvin Maker	publisher	Dabel Brothers Productions
Red Prophet: The Tales of Alvin Maker	publisher	Marvel Comics
Axiom: Overdrive	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Likkutei Sichos	publisher	Kehot Publication Society
Seaman 2	publisher	Sega
The Adventures of Three Englishmen and Three Russians in South Africa	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Caros Amigos	publisher	Editora Casa Amarela
Pueblo	publisher	Ravensburger
News Weekly	publisher	National Civic Council
The Sky People	publisher	Tor Books
Al-Wafd	publisher	Wafd Party
Short Trips: Defining Patterns	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Thou Art the Man	publisher	Godey's Lady's Book, Louis Godey
The Lost Barkscrolls	publisher	Doubleday
Blue's Journey	publisher	SNK Playmore
Bomb Alley	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
Knowledge and Decisions	publisher	Basic Books
Comic Champ	publisher	Daewon C.I.
Little Man Little Man: A Story of Childhood	publisher	The Dial Press
Looney Tunes B-Ball	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Looney Tunes B-Ball	publisher	Sunsoft
The Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle 2	publisher	Nintendo
The g Factor: General Intelligence and Its Implications	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Young Dracula and Young Monsters	publisher	Barrington Stoke
Save Me from Myself	publisher	HarperCollins
Around the Day in Eighty Worlds	publisher	Siglo veintiuno editores
Horizons: Exploring the Universe	publisher	Brooks Cole/ Cengage Learning
Poems	publisher	William Collins
62: A Model Kit	publisher	Sudamericana
A Visitation of Spirits	publisher	Grove Press
The Monkey Wrench	publisher	Street and Smith
Último round	publisher	Siglo XXI Editores
Freehold	publisher	Baen Books
Hostile Waters	publisher	St. Martin's Press
International Journal of Molecular Sciences	publisher	MDPI
International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	publisher	Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute
Marine Drugs	publisher	MDPI
Entropy	publisher	MDPI
The Quincunx	publisher	Canongate Publishing
Heimdall 2	publisher	Core Design
The RAND Journal of Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for RAND
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Enterbrain
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Degica Co., Ltd.
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Japan: Enterbrain
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Kadokawa Games
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Taiwan: Degica/CoGen Media
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Degica
RPG Maker VX	publisher	Kadokawa Games
Mr Ponsonby	publisher	Lyndon
Stick to Drawing Comics, Monkey Brain!	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
Greed	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
Los autonautas de la cosmopista	publisher	Muchnik Editores
My Heavenly Hockey Club	publisher	Kodansha
Octaedro	publisher	Sudamericana
Boston Guardian	publisher	William Monroe Trotter
The Resistance	publisher	Scholastic Press
Atomic Lobster	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Atomic Lobster	publisher	HarperCollins
The Year's Best Science Fiction: First Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Parva	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara, Bangalore
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse	publisher	Dover Publications
The Bangkok Recorder	publisher	Dan Beach Bradley
Two Old Women	publisher	Epicenter Press, Fairbanks/Seattle
A Turn in the South	publisher	Viking Press
The Angry Hills	publisher	Random House
Flashing Swords! 1	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
Flashing Swords! 2	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
Flashing Swords! 3: Warriors and Wizards	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
Flashing Swords! 4: Barbarians and Black Magicians	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
Flashing Swords! 5: Demons and Daggers	publisher	Nelson Doubleday
The Dirt	publisher	HarperCollins
A Way of Life: Over Thirty Years of Blood, Sweat and Tears	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Our Story	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson 1988 - Pan Books 1989
Fantastic Detective Labyrinth	publisher	Kodansha
Born Fighter	publisher	Arrow Books
Djinn	publisher	Editions de Minuit
Philosophy and Phenomenological Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Phenomenological Society
The Hamilton Case	publisher	Knopf, Australia
The Disunited States of America	publisher	Tor Books
Dragons of Darkness	publisher	Ace Books
Pied Piper of Lovers	publisher	Cassell
Gin'iro no Olynssis	publisher	MediaWorks
X-Men Fairy Tales	publisher	Marvel Comics
Hyper Duel	publisher	Technosoft
META-4	publisher	Green Ronin Publishing
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Second Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Lunar Lander	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Star Wars Republic Commando: Order 66	publisher	Del Rey Books
Sister 2 Sister	publisher	Jamie Foster Brown
Among the Missing	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Among the Missing	publisher	Leisure Books
Journal of Plantation Crops	publisher	Indian Society for Plantation Crops
Future on Ice	publisher	Tor Books
Future on Fire	publisher	Tor Books
RPG Jinsei Game	publisher	Takara
NASCAR Arcade	publisher	Sega
Sly Spy	publisher	Data East
Keeper of Dreams	publisher	Tor Books
Firefighter! Daigo of Fire Company M	publisher	Shogakukan
It's Alive!	publisher	Reiver Games
A Small Place in Italy	publisher	HarperCollins
Laboratory Life	publisher	Sage Publications, Beverly Hills
English, August	publisher	Faber & Faber
AneCan	publisher	Shogakukan
Animal, Vegetable, Miracle	publisher	HarperCollins
Every Vote Equal	publisher	National Popular Vote Press
Link	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Conjuror's Bird	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton Ltd
Kiss in the Blue	publisher	Shogakukan
Bigfoot	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Remember When	publisher	The Penguin Group
Tapestry of Dark Souls	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Tapestry of Dark Souls	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Posing as People	publisher	Subterranean Press
Lifeloop	publisher	Dell Magazines
Journal of Physics D	publisher	Institute of Physics
Worthing Inn	publisher	Tor Books
Second Chance	publisher	Ace Books
Killing Children	publisher	Dell Magazines
Pathway to Glory: Ikusa Islands	publisher	Nokia
Breaking the Game	publisher	Dell Magazines
High Seize	publisher	Nokia
Worthing Farm	publisher	Tor Books
Bookchase	publisher	Art Meets Matter
The Trees	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Physics: Conference Series	publisher	IOP Publishing
Floodgate	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Floodgate	publisher	Doubleday
O	publisher	GN Software, Asgard
The Documents in the Case	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Transformers Autobots	publisher	Activision
Proof of Destruction	publisher	Mastertronic
L'Arrêt de mort	publisher	Gallimard
Journal of Applied Philosophy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Tatoeba Konna Love Song	publisher	Shogakukan
J. R. R. Tolkien's influences	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Listen, Mom and Dad	publisher	Bookcraft
Ainge	publisher	Signature Books
Pirates vs. Ninjas Dodgeball	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
Pirates vs. Ninjas Dodgeball	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Inheritance	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
West	publisher	Baen books
Pageant Wagon	publisher	Phantasia Press
The Massachusetts Review	publisher	Massachusetts Review, Inc., with support from Amherst, Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst
Song of the Birds	publisher	Robson Books
Journal of Optics	publisher	IOP Publishing
Physics in Medicine and Biology	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of the Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine
Grey Ranks	publisher	Bully Pulpit Games
Travels with My Cello	publisher	Pavilion Books
50 Reasons to Hate the French	publisher	Quetzal Publishing
River of Death	publisher	William Collins, Sons
River of Death	publisher	Doubleday
New Journal of Physics	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of Institute of Physics and Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft
Inventing Elliot	publisher	Orion Children's Books
Clowns	publisher	Bally Midway
Clowns	publisher	Commodore International
Feel Young	publisher	Shōdensha
Cladistics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Adrift in Soho	publisher	Victor Gollancz
Bakushō! Star Monomane Shitennō	publisher	Pack-In-Video
The God Particle	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Rape of Europa	publisher	Knopf
Seawitch	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Seawitch	publisher	Doubleday
Masterpieces: The Best Science Fiction of the Century	publisher	Ace Books
Cherry Juice	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society	publisher	Bombay Natural History Society
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 1	publisher	Phobos Books
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 2	publisher	Phobos Books
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 3	publisher	Phobos Books
Fort Macleod Gazette	publisher	Frank McTighe
Computers and Intractability	publisher	W.H. Freeman
Just William's Luck	publisher	George Newnes
Nuclear or Not%3F	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Wednesday Wars	publisher	Clarion Miller
Anno Dracula	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dracula Cha Cha Cha	publisher	Avon
Dark Mist	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Idol Defense Force Hummingbird	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Golden Gate	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Golden Gate	publisher	Doubleday
The Middle Age of Mrs Eliot	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Forbidden City	publisher	Seal Books by arrangement with Doubleday Canada
Grudge Warriors	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Teenage Zombies: Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingys!	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Compendium Maleficarum	publisher	Apud Haeredes August
George of the Jungle and the Search for the Secret	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
George of the Jungle and the Search for the Secret	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Barracks	publisher	Faber and Faber
Knuffle Bunny Too	publisher	Hyperion Books
Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late!	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Edwina, the Dinosaur Who Didn't Know She Was Extinct	publisher	Hyperion Books
Time to Pee!	publisher	Hyperion Books
Journal of Sex Research	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality
Massive Snowboarding	publisher	Gameloft
Neves	publisher	Yuke's
Proxima Centauri	publisher	Street & Smith
Physics Education	publisher	IOP Publishing
007: Quantum of Solace	publisher	Activision
Studies in Comparative Religion	publisher	World Wisdom
Free Realms	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
The Road to Omaha	publisher	Random House
Agatha Christie: An Autobiography	publisher	William Collins, Sons
My Story	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
My Story	publisher	Pan Books
The Murderer	publisher	Doubleday
William Jones	publisher	Gwasg Aberystwyth
Disney Friends	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Conspiracy in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
Cult Movies	publisher	Delta Books
Wing Arms	publisher	Sega
Ninjatown	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
An Expensive Place to Die	publisher	Jonathan Cape
An Expensive Place to Die	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Venus Capriccio	publisher	Hakusensha
The Heritage of Arn	publisher	Piratförlaget
Brian Lara 2007 Pressure Play	publisher	Codemasters
Star Trek: Starfleet Academy - Starship Bridge Simulator	publisher	Interplay
What We Talk About When We Talk About Love	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Word Puzzle	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Final Circle of Paradise	publisher	DAW Books in U.S.,
The Final Circle of Paradise	publisher	originally published in the USSR 1965
Band Hero	publisher	Activision
P.T.O. IV	publisher	Koei
Nick's Trip	publisher	St Martins Press
How Starbucks Saved My Life	publisher	Gotham Books
Journal of World History	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Forrest Gump	publisher	Doubleday
Sidewise in Time	publisher	Street & Smith
Kunai Den	publisher	Shogakukan
Megadim	publisher	Herzog College
A New England Nun	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Super Turrican	publisher	Seika Corp.
Super Turrican	publisher	Hudson Soft
Super Turrican	publisher	Tonkin House
Super Turrican	publisher	Factor 5
Super Turrican 2	publisher	Ocean Software
The Witching	publisher	Vertigo
Spanish for Everyone	publisher	Activision
Marine Hunter	publisher	Shogakukan
The Aunt's Story	publisher	Routledge & Kegan Paul
The Aunt's Story	publisher	Viking Press
The Tree of Man	publisher	Viking Press
The Tree of Man	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
The Solid Mandala	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
The Eye of the Storm	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Bestiario	publisher	Sudamericana
Final del juego	publisher	Sudamericana
Todos los fuegos el fuego	publisher	Sudamericana
The Winners	publisher	Sudamericana
Nothing: Something to Believe In	publisher	Prometheus Books
The Way to Dusty Death	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Way to Dusty Death	publisher	Doubleday
Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
The Emperor's New Groove	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Emperor's New Groove	publisher	Ubisoft
The Big Kill	publisher	E.P. Dutton
The Girl Hunters	publisher	E.P. Dutton
1914 Shells of Fury	publisher	Strategy First
Zettai Karen Children	publisher	Shogakukan
Zettai Karen Children	publisher	Shogakukan
Lost Planet 2	publisher	Capcom
Meat Cake	publisher	Caliber Press
Meat Cake	publisher	Fantagraphics
Katte ni Kaizō	publisher	Shogakukan
The Sword of Etheria	publisher	Konami
Jenga World Tour	publisher	Atari
I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Lions, Donkeys and Dinosaurs	publisher	Arrow Books
Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith	publisher	HarperCollins
Caravan to Vaccarès	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Caravan to Vaccarès	publisher	Doubleday
Batman: Digital Justice	publisher	DC Comics
Bird Girl and the Man Who Followed the Sun	publisher	Epicenter Press,
Bird Girl and the Man Who Followed the Sun	publisher	Kenmore, WA
Sengoku Blade	publisher	Psikyo
Sengoku Blade	publisher	Taito
Sengoku Blade	publisher	Atlus
Sengoku Blade	publisher	Blue Bean Soft
Sengoku Blade	publisher	MOBIRIX
The Big Blowdown	publisher	St. Martins Press
Spider-Man: With Great Power	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Animal Science	publisher	American Society of Animal Science
Jesus the Man	publisher	Doubleday
Growing Up X	publisher	One World
Tegami Bachi	publisher	Shueisha
Cyvern: The Dragon Weapons	publisher	Kaneko
The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment	publisher	Seed Center
The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment	publisher	Bantam Books
The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment	publisher	Gibbs Smith
The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment	publisher	Seed Center Books, Even Lazier Publishing
The Dark Crusader	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Dark Crusader	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Alpha Prime	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Bandai Golf: Challenge Pebble Beach	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Late Nights on Air	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Break Time: The National Pool Tour	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
A Good House	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Whaleboat House	publisher	Fourth Estate
Hatsune Miku: Unofficial Hatsune Mix	publisher	Jive
Sound Bites: Eating on Tour with Franz Ferdinand	publisher	Penguin Books
Thunder on South Mountain	publisher	index.html
Gazza's Superstar Soccer	publisher	Empire Interactive
Breath	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, Australia
The Grisly Wife	publisher	Macmillan, Australia
Partisans	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Partisans	publisher	Doubleday
The Last Frontier	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Last Frontier	publisher	Doubleday
Seeking a Sanctuary	publisher	Indiana University Press
History	publisher	Giulio Einaudi Editore
The Golden Road	publisher	L.C. Page & Co.
Genes, Brain and Behavior	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Shadows Over Baker Street	publisher	Del Rey Books
Clue	publisher	Parker Brothers
Crime in the Kennel	publisher	Aladdin Publisher
Warhammer 40,000 Collectible Card Game	publisher	Sabertooth Games
Hilldiggers	publisher	Pan Macmillan Ltd.
King Neptune's Adventure	publisher	Color Dreams
Paprika	publisher	Chūōkōron Shinsha
Electric Warrior	publisher	DC Comics
Krazy Ivan	publisher	Psygnosis
Gazza II	publisher	Empire Interactive
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom	publisher	Atari Games
A Buffalope's Tale	publisher	Guild Publishing
Eternity in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
Jake and the Kid	publisher	Macmillan Canada
Finding Iris Chang	publisher	Da Capo Press
Civilization V	publisher	2
Civilization V	publisher	Aspyr
Samurai Crusader	publisher	Shogakukan
Macross Frontier	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Macross Frontier	publisher	Kodansha
Macross Frontier	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Golf World	publisher	Condé Nast
Pro Wrestling Superstar Retsuden	publisher	Shogakukan
Aspasia	publisher	Berghahn Books
H2O: Footprints in the Sand	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gekitotsu Toma L'Arc: TomaRunner vs L'Arc-en-Ciel	publisher	SCEI
Global Reinsurance	publisher	Newsquest Specialist Media
Calculating God	publisher	Tor Books
The Full Cupboard of Life	publisher	Polygon
The Full Cupboard of Life	publisher	Abacus
Espresso Tales	publisher	The Scotsman
Espresso Tales	publisher	Polygon Press
International Journal of Men's Health	publisher	Men's Studies Press
Fathering	publisher	Men's Studies Press
The Samson Option: Israel's Nuclear Arsenal and American Foreign Policy	publisher	Random House
The Friendly Persuasion	publisher	Harcourt, Inc.
Pleiades	publisher	University of Central Missouri
Carnosaur	publisher	Star Books
Stargunner	publisher	Telesys
Joker in the Pack	publisher	Orient Paperbacks
Cell Biochemistry & Function	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Codename MAT	publisher	Micromega
Codename MAT	publisher	Domark
Escape from Raven Castle	publisher	Dell Publishing
Escape from Raven Castle	publisher	Armada
The Last Party	publisher	Barricade Books
Star Trek Generations: Beyond the Nexus	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Phytotherapy Research	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Dr. Adder	publisher	Bluejay Books
Jessica Blandy	publisher	Dupuis
Manuscripta	publisher	Brepols Publishers for the Vatican Film Library
The Sky Village	publisher	Candlewick Press
Dream House	publisher	CBS Electronics
The Question Concerning Technology	publisher	Garland Publishing
How Children Fail	publisher	Pitman Publishing Company , Merloyd Lawrence, Delta/Seymour Lawrence
Canadian Review of Studies in Nationalism	publisher	University of Prince Edward Island
Medical Mycology	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Society of Human and Animal Mycology
Screwjumper!	publisher	THQ
Social Science Japan Journal	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tom Cruise: An Unauthorized Biography	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Evil in Paradise	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
14,000 Things to be Happy About	publisher	Workman Publishing
Journal of Chromatography A	publisher	Elsevier
A Guide to the Perplexed	publisher	Serpent's Tail
Aegri Somnia	publisher	Apex Digest
Cold Heaven	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Sport	publisher	Wireless Group
Ten Days in a Mad-House	publisher	Ian L. Munro
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies	publisher	Polygon Books
Odd Hours	publisher	Bantam Books
Silent Assault	publisher	Color Dreams
The Towers of Trebizond	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Death Bringer	publisher	Cinemaware
Death Bringer	publisher	Telenet Japan
Romance of the Three Kingdoms IV: Wall of Fire	publisher	Koei
Blood Bowl	publisher	MicroLeague
Power Unlimited	publisher	VNU Media
Power Unlimited	publisher	HUB Uitgevers
Power Unlimited	publisher	Reshift Digital
The King's Daughter	publisher	Montreal: Éditions Fides; Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre
Der Nachsommer	publisher	Peter Lang
The Weapon Makers	publisher	The Hadley Publishing Co.
The Weapon Makers	publisher	Greenberg
The Eternal Lover	publisher	A. C. McClurg
The Cave Girl	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Jinx	publisher	HarperCollins
Jungle Girl	publisher	ERB, Inc.
Blue Shoes and Happiness	publisher	Polygon Books
Slash	publisher	HarperCollins
Slash	publisher	HarperEntertainment
Close Combat	publisher	Microsoft
Flood	publisher	Random House
Heavy Unit	publisher	Taito
Loyalty in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
Datach	publisher	Bandai
An Invitation to the White House	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Moon Maid	publisher	A. C. McClurg
SpellCaster	publisher	Sega
The American Way of Death	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bats & Terry	publisher	Kodansha
Bats & Terry	publisher	Ichijinsha
Famicom Tantei Club: Kieta Kōkeisha	publisher	Nintendo
Time Twist: Rekishi no Katasumi de...	publisher	Nintendo
Nude Men	publisher	Viking Press
Look Me in the Eye	publisher	Crown Publishers
Topple	publisher	Ngmoco
The Principles of Scientific Management	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Shoot the Women First	publisher	Random House
Current Issues in Molecular Biology	publisher	Horizon Scientific Press
Soziologie	publisher	W. Kohlhammer Verlag
Red Dust	publisher	Virago Press
Red Dust	publisher	Ernst Klett Verlag
Dual Blades	publisher	Metro3D, Inc.
Journal of Applied Econometrics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Econometrics	publisher	Elsevier BV, North-Holland
Battle Storm	publisher	Yonezawa PR21
Out of Revolution	publisher	Berg Publishers, Inc.
Cop Hater	publisher	Permabooks
Palais de Reine	publisher	Interchannel,GungHo
Speech and Reality	publisher	Argo Books
Quarterly Journal of Speech	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the National Communication Association
New Europe	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Prince and the Pilgrim	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Prince and the Pilgrim	publisher	William Morrow and Company
I Am an Impure Thinker	publisher	Argo Books
The Living	publisher	HarperCollins
British Journal of General Practice	publisher	Royal College of General Practitioners
The Far-Distant Oxus	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Wrinkles in Time	publisher	William Morrow
Star Dancer	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
International Journal of Political Economy	publisher	M.E. Sharpe
Lady of the Forest End	publisher	DAW Books
Reserved for the Cat	publisher	DAW Books
No. 5	publisher	Shogakukan
The Girl in a Swing	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Girl in a Swing	publisher	Viking Press
Midnight in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
International Journal of Acarology	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Intelligencer Journal	publisher	Lancaster Newspapers, Inc
Ruth Hall	publisher	Mason Brothers
Ganbare Goemon: Hoshizorashi Dynamites Arawaru!!	publisher	Konami
Ganbare Goemon: Ōedo Daikaiten	publisher	Konami
Ganbare Goemon: Uchū Kaizoku Akogingu	publisher	Konami
The Steam House	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Magic for Marigold	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Advances in Ecological Research	publisher	Academic Press
The Beginning Place	publisher	Harper and Row
Manga Life	publisher	Takeshobo
Gakkō no Kaidan	publisher	Enterbrain
FIFA Street 3	publisher	EA Sports BIG
Devil May Cry	publisher	Capcom
The Piratica Series	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
The Piratica Series	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
The Piratica Series	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher	publisher	Puffin
Harpsong	publisher	University of Oklahoma Press
In Our Time	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Purple Decades	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
From Bauhaus to Our House	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Painted Word	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Step on It!	publisher	Casady & Greene
Tom Cruise: All the World's a Stage	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
My Legendary Girlfriend	publisher	Flame
Day of Empire	publisher	Doubleday
The Way to Paradise	publisher	Faber and Faber
Bijdragen tot de Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde	publisher	Brill Publishers
New West Indian Guide	publisher	Brill Publishers
A Moral Reckoning	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Vegas 2	publisher	Ubisoft
The Alchemist	publisher	HarperCollins
The Haunted Showboat	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Clue in the Old Stagecoach	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Helmet for My Pillow	publisher	Random House
Kaishain no Melody	publisher	Takeshobo
Coming into the Country	publisher	Farrar, Straus, and Giroux
Marvel Collectors' Item Classics	publisher	Marvel Comics
Monsieur	publisher	Faber & Faber
Monsieur	publisher	Viking
Naked Ambition: An R Rated Look at an X Rated Industry	publisher	Rock Out Books
Popeye: Ijiwaru Majo Seahag no Maki	publisher	Technos Japan
Salmonella Men on Planet Porno	publisher	AboutSalmonella.html
Penny from Heaven	publisher	Yearling, an imprint of Random House,Inc
Paint By DS	publisher	Mercury Games
The Dude	publisher	Mystery Publishing Co., Inc.
Bleach: The 3rd Phantom	publisher	Sega
Magical Date	publisher	Taito Corporation
Wíčazo Ša Review	publisher	University of Minnesota Press
The Maytrees	publisher	HarperCollins
Mark Wilson's Complete Course In Magic	publisher	Courage Books: Running Press Book Publishers
How Holocausts Happen	publisher	Temple University
Monster Hunter Freedom Unite	publisher	Capcom
Independence Day	publisher	Fox Interactive
Trapped in the USSR	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
Courage: Eight Portraits	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Kyōran Kazoku Nikki	publisher	Enterbrain
Crow Lake	publisher	Knopf Canada
Crow Lake	publisher	Dial Press
Crow Lake	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Jurassic Park III: Danger Zone!	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Jingai Makyō	publisher	Nitroplus
Mara, Daughter of the Nile	publisher	Coward McCann
The World's Greatest Super-Heroes	publisher	DC Comics
Panzer Front Ausf.B	publisher	505
Trullion: Alastor 2262	publisher	Ballantine Books
The House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return	publisher	Sega
Little Boy: The Arts of Japan's Exploding Subculture	publisher	Yale University Press
Journey to Atlantis	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
W.A.R.	publisher	Martech
Diamant	publisher	Schmidt Spiele
Altered Beast	publisher	Sega
Thongor of Lemuria	publisher	Ace Books
Proof	publisher	Image Comics
Boot Camp	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Crossfire	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Escape Velocity Override	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Geological Magazine	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Bonobono	publisher	Takeshobo
The Cry of the Owl	publisher	Harper & Row
Hope for the Flowers	publisher	Paulist Press
Black Coffee Blues	publisher	2.13
The Appeal	publisher	Doubleday
Lord of Vermilion	publisher	Square Enix
Archive Fever	publisher	Éditions Galilée
Splicers	publisher	Palladium Books
Death of a Colonial	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
EXperience112	publisher	Micro Application
EXperience112	publisher	The Adventure Company
QBillion	publisher	SETA Corporation
Paperboy 2	publisher	Mindscape
Microprose Soccer	publisher	Microprose
Metamo Kiss	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Graven Images	publisher	Harper & Row
Kedamono Damono	publisher	Kodansha
Railfan: Taiwan High Speed Rail	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
Railfan: Taiwan High Speed Rail	publisher	Ongakukan
Slave Zero	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Slave Zero	publisher	Retroism
Slave Zero	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Master of the Lamps	publisher	Activision
The Living Daylights	publisher	Domark
Philip Hall Likes Me, I Reckon Maybe	publisher	Puffin Books
The Sell-In	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Mahars of Pellucidar	publisher	Ace Books
Candy Boy	publisher	Media Factory
Vantage Master	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Umut Tarlaları	publisher	SiliconWorx
BS Tantei Club: Yuki ni Kieta Kako	publisher	Nintendo
İstanbul Efsaneleri: Lale Savaşçıları	publisher	Raks New Media
Time Within Time: The Diaries 1970–1986	publisher	Seagull Books
Darwin's Dilemma	publisher	Inline Design
Kemeko Deluxe!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Citizen in Space	publisher	Ballantine Books
Pilgrimage to Earth	publisher	Bantam Books
Crysis 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Crysis 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Blood's a Rover	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Windmill Books
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Letters from a Peruvian Woman	publisher	A. Peine
The White Ship	publisher	HarperCollins
Saving Fish from Drowning	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Little White Bird	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Little White Bird	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Tottemo! Luckyman	publisher	Shueisha
Shooting War	publisher	Smith Magazine
Shooting War	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Shina Dark	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Cruise Crazy	publisher	Capital Books
The Greatest Gift	publisher	Cluster Publishing Ltd
Tumblebugs	publisher	Bigfish games
Tumblebugs	publisher	GameHouse
The Man Nobody Knows	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Pusu: Uyanış	publisher	Aral İthalat
Who Wrote The Dead Sea Scrolls%3F	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Stocks for the Long Run	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Diversion	publisher	Scholastic Press
Old Masters	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Shakespeare: The World as Stage	publisher	HarperCollins
Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Explicator	publisher	Routledge
Traveller	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Heart of Glass	publisher	Little Brown
Patrimony: A True Story	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Austin Powers: Welcome to My Underground Lair!	publisher	Rockstar Games
Spires of Spirit	publisher	Roc Books
Tube Slider	publisher	NEC Interchannel
Pearson's Magazine	publisher	Sir Arthur Pearson, 1st Baronet
Raiden Fighters Aces	publisher	Success Corporation, INH CO., LTD.
Raiden Fighters Aces	publisher	Valcon Games
Double Dribble: The Playoff Edition	publisher	Konami
The Long Valley	publisher	Viking Press
Agricola	publisher	Lookout Games
Agricola	publisher	Z-Man Games
Agricola	publisher	999
Agricola	publisher	Homolúdicus
Trog	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Trog	publisher	Software Creations
Rim	publisher	HarperCollins
The Land Leviathan	publisher	Quartet
The Land Leviathan	publisher	Doubleday
A Nomad of the Time Streams	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club
The Steel Tsar	publisher	Panther
The Silent Stars Go By	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Invasion of 1910	publisher	E. Nash
The Psychology of The Simpsons	publisher	BenBella Books
Lovecraft's Legacy	publisher	Tor Books
Averno	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Awesome Possum... Kicks Dr. Machino's Butt	publisher	Tengen
The Hunter	publisher	Dare Comics
En route	publisher	Tresse & Stock
Hellcats over the Pacific	publisher	Graphic Simulations
The Virgin's Lover	publisher	Touchstone Books
Forbidden Worlds	publisher	American Comics Group
Bazooka Cafe	publisher	G-Collections
Invasion of the Sea	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Father Christmas	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing	publisher	Penguin Books
Wanted	publisher	Hakusensha
Classified: The Sentinel Crisis	publisher	Global Star Software
Monster Hunter 2	publisher	Capcom
Historical Dictionary of American Slang	publisher	Random House
Paws and Claws: Pet Vet	publisher	THQ
Paws and Claws: Pet Vet	publisher	ValuSoft
Winter Sports: The Ultimate Challenge	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Winter Sports: The Ultimate Challenge	publisher	RTL Games
Sébastien Roch	publisher	Charpentier
Troll Mill	publisher	HarperCollins
How Soccer Explains the World	publisher	HarperCollins
GT Racers	publisher	Oxygen Interactive, GBA: Liquid Games
Naturalist	publisher	Island Press
The Whisper of Glocken	publisher	Odyssey
M	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Ecstatica II	publisher	Psygnosis
UCL Jurisprudence Review	publisher	University College London Law Faculty
Race Driver: Create & Race	publisher	Codemasters
Galaxy Force	publisher	Sega
The Dark Hills Divide	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Into the Mist	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
How to Suppress Women's Writing	publisher	University of Texas Press
The Final Programme	publisher	Avon Books
The Final Programme	publisher	Allison & Busby
Barbie as the Island Princess	publisher	Activision
Barbie as the Island Princess	publisher	Sega
Barbie as the Island Princess	publisher	Vivendi Games
Barbie as the Island Princess	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
The Condition of Muzak	publisher	Allison & Busby
The English Assassin: A Romance of Entropy	publisher	Allison & Busby
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Firing the Cathedral	publisher	PS Publishing
The Adventures of Una Persson and Catherine Cornelius in the 20th Century	publisher	Quartet Books
The Lives and Times of Jerry Cornelius	publisher	Allison & Busby
The Entropy Tango	publisher	New English Library
The Cornelius Quartet	publisher	Avon Books
Anuario Colombiano de Historia Social y de la Cultura	publisher	Universidad Nacional de Colombia
The Black Leather Jacket	publisher	Abbeville Press/Plexus Publishing
Oids	publisher	FTL Games
The Wrong Side of the Sky	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Surprising Archaea	publisher	Oxford University Press
A Truce, and Other Stories	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Aliens	publisher	Charles Scrubner's Sons
Body of Lies	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Midnight Plus One	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Midnight Plus One	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Venus with Pistol	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Antony and Cleopatra	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Moffats	publisher	Harcourt Brace & World
Bicycle Repairman	publisher	Tor Books
History by Contract	publisher	Fritz Majer & Sohn
Total Football	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
X-Men: Die by the Sword	publisher	Marvel Comics
Environmental Research	publisher	Elsevier
Blind Faith	publisher	Bantam Press
The Good Master	publisher	Viking Books
Cathedral	publisher	Delacorte Press
By the Rivers of Babylon	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Word of Honor	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Sniper	publisher	Leisure Books
The Hammer of God	publisher	Leisure Books
The Agent of Death	publisher	Leisure Books
The Smack Man	publisher	Leisure Books
The Cannibal	publisher	Leisure Books
The Night of the Phoenix	publisher	Leisure Books
Mayday	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Talbot Odyssey	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Charm School	publisher	Warner Books
The Gold Coast	publisher	Warner Books
The Forgotten Beasts of Eld	publisher	Atheneum Books
The General's Daughter	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Why Are We in Vietnam%3F	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Lawless Roads	publisher	Longmans
The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne	publisher	Benjamin White
The Dark Heart of Italy	publisher	Faber and Faber
Underworld: The Eternal War	publisher	System 3
Just Above My Head	publisher	Dial Press
Laugh Comics Digest	publisher	Archie Comics
Blues for Mister Charlie	publisher	Dial Press
Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone	publisher	Dial Press
Cosmo the Merry Martian	publisher	Archie Comics
No Name in the Street	publisher	Dial Press
No Name in the Street	publisher	Michael Joseph
Fire Dreamer	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Rap on Race	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Blood and Thunder	publisher	Boom! Studios
The Journals of Gerontology	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of  The Gerontological Society of America
Light House: A Trifle	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Salt Roads	publisher	Warner Books
Farthing	publisher	Tor Books
Ventus	publisher	Tor Books
Challenge of the Dragon	publisher	Color Dreams
Rich Like Us	publisher	Heinemann; London, UK
The Revolt of Aphrodite	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Revolt of Aphrodite	publisher	Viking Press
Trumpet	publisher	Picador
The Jesus Dynasty	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Game of Life: Twists & Turns	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Bratz	publisher	Ubisoft
The Nine Billion Names of God	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Tango on intohimoni	publisher	Schilds
Gloriana	publisher	Allison & Busby
Let's Put the Future Behind Us	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Mormon Scientist	publisher	Deseret Book
Before	publisher	Baen
The Vor Game	publisher	Baen Books
Black Lamp	publisher	Firebird Software
The Metatemporal Detective	publisher	Pyr
The Death of Vishnu	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Students Across the Seven Seas	publisher	Penguin Books
Bunty	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co.
Otherworld	publisher	Vertigo
Trowel	publisher	University College Dublin
Praisesong for the Widow	publisher	Plume
Praisesong for the Widow	publisher	Penguin Group
Jane and Prudence	publisher	Jonathan Cape
In the Green Star's Glow	publisher	DAW Books
Eat a Bowl of Tea	publisher	Lyle Stuart
The Avignon Quintet	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Avignon Quintet	publisher	Viking
Sebastian	publisher	Faber & Faber
Journal de Mathématiques Pures et Appliquées	publisher	Elsevier
The Village in the Treetops	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Honoured Enemy	publisher	Harper Collins
Murder in LaMut	publisher	Harper Collins
Jimmy the Hand	publisher	Harper Collins
The Sentinel	publisher	Berkley Books
Sundance	publisher	Cinematronics
Mandalay Gazette	publisher	Myanmar Gazette D.B.A.
Ritz Newspaper	publisher	David Bailey, David Litchfield
Dengeki Bunko Magazine	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Albatross	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Albatross	publisher	Penguin Books
The Fall of the Towers	publisher	Ace Books
Nakayama Miho no Tokimeki High School	publisher	Nintendo
Jeremy Clarkson's Motorworld	publisher	Penguin books
Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt	publisher	Delacorte Press
Special Delivery	publisher	Delacorte Press
Balthazar	publisher	Faber and Faber
Mountolive	publisher	Faber and Faber
Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence	publisher	University of Queensland
The New Despotism	publisher	Ernest Benn Limited
Ground Control: Dark Conspiracy	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
SpellForce 2: Dragon Storm	publisher	JoWood
Belinda	publisher	Joseph Johnson
White Bicycles	publisher	Serpent's Tail, London
Library War	publisher	MediaWorks
Library War	publisher	Hakusensha
Library War	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Best of Arthur C. Clarke	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Tales from Planet Earth	publisher	Bantam Books
Portrait in Sepia	publisher	HarperCollins
Peter Pack Rat	publisher	Silverbird Software
The Perfect Present	publisher	Mega Brands
More Than One Universe	publisher	Bantam Books
Sakura Momoko no Ukiuki Carnival	publisher	Nintendo
Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Allies and Aliens	publisher	Baen Books
Mathematics of Operations Research	publisher	Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
Ninja Reflex	publisher	Nunchuck Games
Ninja Reflex	publisher	Electronic Arts
Metal Head	publisher	Sega
Phantasy Star Portable	publisher	Sega
Fablehaven	publisher	Shadow Mountain
Love Creeps	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Now, Now, Markus	publisher	Beltz & Gelberg
Now, Now, Markus	publisher	Greenwillow Books
The Blue Boy	publisher	Beltz & Gelberg
The Blue Boy	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Amuri in Star Ocean	publisher	MediaWorks
My Booky Wook	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Imperial Stars	publisher	Partner Books
Freesia	publisher	Shogakukan
The Journal of Arthur Stirling	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
The Journal of Arthur Stirling	publisher	Heinemann
Three in Love	publisher	Akita Shoten
Expect Resistance	publisher	CrimethInc.
Bad Elements	publisher	Random House
Empire in Arms: The Napoleonic Wars of 1805–1815	publisher	Matrix Games
Ports of Call	publisher	Tom Doherty
Carpentaria	publisher	Giramondo Publishing
World Rugby	publisher	Zeppelin Games
Gangster	publisher	Ballantine Books
Still Life 2	publisher	Microïds
Still Life 2	publisher	Encore
Still Life 2	publisher	cdv Software Entertainment
Still Life 2	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
CityTech	publisher	FASA Corporation
Manifestoes of Surrealism	publisher	University of Michigan Press
The Primrose Path	publisher	The Shamrock
The Black Book	publisher	Obelisk Press
Higemaru Makaijima - Nanatsu no Shima Daibōken	publisher	Capcom
Treading Air	publisher	Virgela
Billy and Blaze	publisher	Collier Books, Later, Macmillan, Later Aladdin Paperbacks
King of the City	publisher	Scribners
Mother London	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne	publisher	Thomas Hookham
The Romance of the Forest	publisher	T Hookham & Carpenter
The Man Who Won the War	publisher	The Atlantic Monthly Company
Clermont	publisher	Minerva Press
Le Calvaire	publisher	Ollendorff
Kyō Kara Ore Wa!!	publisher	Shogakukan
The Abbess	publisher	Earle and Hemet
Makoto-chan	publisher	Shogakukan
American Journal of Occupational Therapy	publisher	American Occupational Therapy Association
The Haunted Jester	publisher	Robert M. McBride
Mystery Case Files: Madame Fate	publisher	Big Fish Games
The Small Assassin	publisher	Ace Books
Goodbye California	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Goodbye California	publisher	Doubleday
Twice 22	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Beats	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Mystery Case Files: Ravenhearst	publisher	Big Fish Games
Mystery Case Files: Prime Suspects	publisher	Big Fish Games
Mystery Case Files: Huntsville	publisher	Big Fish Games
Vivi	publisher	Kodansha
Tidings of Comfort and Joy	publisher	Roc Books
Tokimeki Memorial 3: Yakusoku no Ano Basho de	publisher	Konami
Tokimeki Memorial	publisher	Konami
Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side: 2nd Kiss	publisher	Konami
Tokimeki Memorial Online	publisher	Konami
Long After Midnight	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Darby the Dragon	publisher	Brøderbund
European Journal of Social Psychology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
A Special Providence	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
To Kill the Potemkin	publisher	Hardcover, paperback
MLB 08: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Northlanders	publisher	Vertigo
Dragon of the Lost Sea	publisher	Harper & Row
Dragon Steel	publisher	Harper & Row
The Mummies of Guanajuato	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
The Fog Horn & Other Stories	publisher	Taiyosha
The Fog Horn and Other Stories	publisher	Kinseido
CyberCIEGE	publisher	Naval Postgraduate School  and Rivermind
The Castle of Wolfenbach	publisher	Minerva Press
Jansatta	publisher	Indian Express Group
Duel for the Samurai Sword	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
The Orphan of the Rhine	publisher	Minerva Press
Horrid Mysteries	publisher	Minerva Press
The Last Circus and the Electrocution	publisher	Lord John Press
Dragonsword	publisher	Lynx Omeiga Books
BMC Systems Biology	publisher	BioMed Central
BMC Bioinformatics	publisher	BioMed Central
Journal of Computational Biology	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Smart Materials and Structures	publisher	IOP Publishing
Dinosaur Tales	publisher	Bantam Books
The Dragon	publisher	Footsteps Press
Changes in the Land	publisher	Hill and Wang
Mitchell Report	publisher	Commissioner of Baseball
The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Toynbee Convector	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Lady of the Barge	publisher	Alan Rodgers Books
Classic Stories 1	publisher	Bantam Books
Classic Stories 2	publisher	Bantam Books
The Parrot Who Met Papa	publisher	Pretentious Press
Selected from Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed	publisher	Signal Hill Publications
Pursuit of the Deadly Diamonds	publisher	Dell Publishing , Armada
Driving Blind	publisher	Avon Books
Ray Bradbury Collected Short Stories	publisher	Peterson Publishing
Supergirl	publisher	DC Comics
Watashi no Messiah-sama	publisher	Square Enix
The Firework-Maker's Daughter	publisher	Doubleday
Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Computational Molecular Science	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Is That You, Herb%3F	publisher	Gauntlet Press
Nationalism and Culture	publisher	Covici-Friede
From the Dust Returned	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Hikkatsu! Strike a Blow to Vivify	publisher	MediaWorks
Original Meanings: Politics and Ideas in the Making of the Constitution	publisher	Knopf
On Lies, Secrets and Silence	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
A Vindication of the Rights of Whores	publisher	Seal Press
Top Hunter: Roddy & Cathy	publisher	SNK
Timeless Stories for Today and Tomorrow	publisher	Bantam Books
The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories	publisher	Bantam Books
So B. It	publisher	Harper Collins
Journal of the Royal Geographical Society of London	publisher	Royal Geographical Society
Nuclear Nebraska	publisher	American Management Association, New York
Gracie: A Love Story	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Born Standing Up	publisher	Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group
Now and Forever	publisher	Dell Publishing
Journal of Money, Credit and Banking	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
TransBot	publisher	Sega
My Hero	publisher	Sega
V The Second Generation	publisher	Tor Books
Saori	publisher	F&C
Airheart	publisher	Brøderbund
Kokoro	publisher	Aaru, sometimes stylized as r.
Escape	publisher	Broadway Books
Studia Phaenomenologica	publisher	Romanian Society for Phenomenology
The Cat Who Played Post Office	publisher	Jove
Anglican & Episcopal History	publisher	Historical Society of the Episcopal Church
The Sacred Land	publisher	Forge Books
Acorna's Search	publisher	HarperTorch
The War Between the Classes	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Historian	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Phi Alpha Theta History Honor Society
The Chronicles of Spellborn	publisher	Frogster Interactive Pictures
The Chronicles of Spellborn	publisher	Mindscape
The Chronicles of Spellborn	publisher	Acclaim Games
New York Native	publisher	Charles Ortleb
Darkside	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
MotoGP '07	publisher	Capcom
MotoGP '07	publisher	THQ
The Hand of the Devil	publisher	Bodley Head
Phantasmagoria: A Puzzle of Flesh	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Mars: The Home Front	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Millions of Cats	publisher	Coward-McCann
Chuck Billy 'n' Folks	publisher	Editora Abril
Chuck Billy 'n' Folks	publisher	Editora Globo
Chuck Billy 'n' Folks	publisher	Panini Comics
United States Submarine Operations in World War II	publisher	United States Naval Institute
Men of Stone	publisher	Kids Can Press Ltd.
An Inconvenient Book	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tales of Joujouka	publisher	Capra Press
Beowulf: The Game	publisher	Ubisoft
Shadow of the Dragon	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Ender's Game	publisher	Dell Magazines
Tomb Raider: Underworld	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Everglades: River of Grass	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Evil Genius	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Delivery Man	publisher	Atlantic Inc.
The Ghost of Thomas Kempe	publisher	Heinemann
Shards of Honor	publisher	Baen Books
In the Shadows	publisher	BBC Audiobooks
Everyone Says Hello	publisher	BBC Audiobooks
A Mysterious Affair of Style	publisher	Faber and Faber
Dragon Cauldron	publisher	HarperCollins
Dragon War	publisher	HarperCollins
Dragon	publisher	Harper & Row
Dragon	publisher	HarperCollins
Anaesthesia	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Kimi ga Aruji de Shitsuji ga Ore de	publisher	Paradigm
Kimi ga Aruji de Shitsuji ga Ore de	publisher	GoodsTrain
Kimi ga Aruji de Shitsuji ga Ore de	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
American Dream	publisher	Coconuts Japan
Poleconomy	publisher	Tanner Couch; World Games
Bureaucracy	publisher	Yale University Press
Bureaucracy	publisher	Libertarian Press
Bureaucracy	publisher	Liberty Fund
Pioneers of American Freedom	publisher	Rocker Publishing Committee
Journal of Economic Dynamics and Control	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Monetary Economics	publisher	Elsevier
The Legion of Space	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Review of Economic Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press for The Review of Economic Studies Ltd
The Black Curtain	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Esper Dream	publisher	Konami
British Journal of Anaesthesia	publisher	Oxford University Press
Alive: The Final Evolution	publisher	Kodansha
Kiteretsu Daihyakka: Chōjikū Sugoroku	publisher	Video System
Deep Love	publisher	Kodansha
Deep Love	publisher	Kodansha
Gandhi Behind the Mask of Divinity	publisher	Prometheus Books
The Scarecrow and his Servant	publisher	Doubleday
Winter in Madrid	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Necropolis	publisher	Walker Books
Judas Country	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Duel of Dragons	publisher	Roc Books
Dragon Death	publisher	Roc Books
The Killer Inside Me	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Escape from Singe's Castle	publisher	Software Projects , Readysoft
The Code of Romulus	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Buzz! Junior: Dino Den	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Dustbin Baby	publisher	Doubleday Children's Books
High Moon	publisher	Zuda imprint of DC Comics
Bo Knows Bo	publisher	Doubleday
The Waxworks Murder	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Waxworks Murder	publisher	Harper
Hidden Expedition	publisher	Big Fish Games
Sly Mongoose	publisher	Tor Books
The Problem of the Wire Cage	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Problem of the Wire Cage	publisher	Harper
The Enchanter	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
To Wake the Dead	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
To Wake the Dead	publisher	Harper
The Nine Wrong Answers	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Nine Wrong Answers	publisher	Harper
The Bride of Newgate	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Bride of Newgate	publisher	Harper
Communications on Pure and Applied Mathematics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University
International Conference on Remote Engineering and Virtual Instrumentation	publisher	Kassel University Press
International Conference on Remote Engineering and Virtual Instrumentation	publisher	IAOE
International Conference on Interactive Computer Aided Learning	publisher	Kassel University Press
International Conference on Interactive Computer Aided Learning	publisher	IAOE
I Wish That I Had Duck Feet	publisher	Random House
Mobile Suit Gundam	publisher	Banpresto
Soft Target	publisher	James Lorimer & Company
The Crocus List	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Uncle Target	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
For a Living	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Hexwood	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Season of Passion	publisher	Dell publications
Wanderlust	publisher	Delacorte Press
Pittsburgh Book of Contemporary American Poetry	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
Thurston House	publisher	Dell Publishing Company
Finding Violet Park	publisher	HarperCollins
Renewal	publisher	Lawrence and Wishart
The Damned Utd	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Shield	publisher	Aspyr Media
Reduced to Ashes	publisher	South Asia Forum for Human Rights
Self-Help	publisher	John Murray
Shiratori Reiko de Gozaimasu!	publisher	Kodansha
The Sleeping Sphinx	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Sleeping Sphinx	publisher	Harper
Patrick Butler for the Defense	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Patrick Butler for the Defense	publisher	Harper
Captain Tsubasa	publisher	Tecmo
The Dead Man's Knock	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Dead Man's Knock	publisher	Harper
Castle Skull	publisher	Harper
Escape from Paradise City	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
The Upstairs Room	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Evolution of Infectious Disease	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Briar Cliff Review	publisher	Briar Cliff University
The Man with the Iron Heart	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Pleasure of Finding Things Out	publisher	Perseus Books
The Man Who Could Not Shudder	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Man Who Could Not Shudder	publisher	Harper
Blue Spring	publisher	Shogakukan
The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming	publisher	McSweeney's
The Black Spectacles	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Black Spectacles	publisher	Harper
Furiten-kun	publisher	Takeshobo
Furiten-kun	publisher	Takeshobo
Till Death Do Us Part	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Till Death Do Us Part	publisher	Harper
The House at Satan's Elbow	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The House at Satan's Elbow	publisher	Harper & Row
A Place Called Here	publisher	HarperCollins
Burned	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
Nature Geoscience	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
MageSlayer	publisher	GT Interactive
Dancing Stage featuring True Kiss Destination	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
The Conduct of Major Maxim	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Secret Servant	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
In a Lonely Place	publisher	Duell, Sloan and Pearce
Cool It: The Skeptical Environmentalist's Guide to Global Warming	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
Beyond the Valley of Thorns	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Jason and Marceline	publisher	Little, Brown
Napoleon	publisher	Nintendo
Magician's Academy	publisher	Enterbrain
Magician's Academy	publisher	Media Factory
Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel	publisher	Simon & Schuster
New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer	publisher	Rodale, Inc.
SS	publisher	Shogakukan
The Hawkline Monster: A Gothic Western	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Mad Hatter Mystery	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Mad Hatter Mystery	publisher	Harper
The Devil in Velvet	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Devil in Velvet	publisher	Harper
Death Turns the Tables	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Death Turns the Tables	publisher	Harper
Miss America	publisher	ReganBooks
Super Match Soccer	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Testament of Gideon Mack	publisher	Penguin Books Ltd
Berserk	publisher	Marion Lloyd Books
A Mercy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Japan and the World Economy	publisher	Elsevier
Tales of Vesperia	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
An Unfortunate Woman: A Journey	publisher	Bourgois
Sakura no Sono	publisher	Hakusensha
The Tokyo-Montana Express	publisher	Dell Publishing
Tenderness	publisher	Bantam Doubleday
Crayon Shin-Chan: Ora to Poi Poi	publisher	Bandai
Lucy Gayheart	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Message from Nam	publisher	Dell Publishing
Mixed Blessings	publisher	Dell Publishing
Fine Things	publisher	Dell Publications
In the Dark of the Night	publisher	Ballantine Books
Beside the Ocean of Time	publisher	John Murray
1984	publisher	Warren Publishing
M33 in Andromeda	publisher	Paperback Library
Nieuwe Tijdinghen	publisher	Abraham Verhoeven
Out of Order	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Crimson Patch	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Growl	publisher	Taito
The Tinkling Symbol	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Sandbar Sinister	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Mystery of the Cape Cod Tavern	publisher	W.W. Norton & Co
Wild Wild Racing	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Wild Wild Racing	publisher	Imagineer
Blazing Combat	publisher	Warren Publishing
By Love Possessed	publisher	Harcourt Brace and Company
El Gato Negro, Nocturnal Warrior	publisher	Azteca Productions
The Broken Sword of the Empire	publisher	The Great Resistance
Portugal 1111: A Conquista de Soure	publisher	Visão
The Killings at Badger's Drift	publisher	Century Publishing
El Nuevo Tesoro de la Juventud	publisher	Grolier
Ice	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
Liberal Fascism	publisher	Doubleday
Congo's Caper	publisher	Data East
The Paradox of Choice	publisher	Harper Perennial
The Battle for Skies	publisher	The Great Resistance
Brain Wave	publisher	Ballantine
Bert Breen's Barn	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Sky Diving	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Moon's a Balloon	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Silent Honor	publisher	Delacorte Press
Rinkin of Dragon's Wood	publisher	Atheneum Books
Tide of Iron	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
SpongeBob SquarePants: Underpants Slam	publisher	THQ
On Giants' Shoulders	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Le Praticien en Anesthésie Réanimation	publisher	Elsevier Masson
Finders Keepers%3F	publisher	Atman Press
Singularity	publisher	Puffin
Fontenoy	publisher	Leabhar Breac
Wolf Fang	publisher	Data East
Musicophilia	publisher	Knopf
Poison in Jest	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Poison in Jest	publisher	Harper
The Arabian Nights Murder	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Arabian Nights Murder	publisher	Harper
The Eight of Swords	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Eight of Swords	publisher	Harper
Ratha and Thistle-chaser	publisher	Penguin Group
The Four False Weapons	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Four False Weapons	publisher	Harper
The Men Who Explained Miracles	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Men Who Explained Miracles	publisher	Harper
Three Cups of Tea	publisher	Penguin Group
Skull Fang: Kuhga Gaiden	publisher	Data East
Economy and Society	publisher	University of California Press
The Farther Shore	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Portable Atheist	publisher	Da Capo Press
SimCity DS 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spirit of Adventure	publisher	Starbyte Software
The Bottom Billion	publisher	Oxford University Press
River Rescue	publisher	Thorn EMI Video Programmes
Fashion Designer: Style Icon	publisher	505
Political Man	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Gemini Blood	publisher	Helix
The Color of Death	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The End League	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
PlayStation World	publisher	Future plc
Assassin	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Five Times Dizzy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Neko Rahmen	publisher	Mag Garden
Penthouse Comix	publisher	Penthouse
Hag's Nook	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Hag's Nook	publisher	Harper
The Demoniacs	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Demoniacs	publisher	Harper
In Spite of Thunder	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
In Spite of Thunder	publisher	Harper
The Witch of the Low Tide	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Witch of the Low Tide	publisher	Harper
Koro Koro Puzzle Happy Panechu!	publisher	Nintendo
International Journal of Public Opinion Research	publisher	Oxford University Press
Koto Battle: Tengai no Moribito	publisher	AlphaDream
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Hawaii
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
Crazy Lady!	publisher	HarperCollins
Vedanta Kesari	publisher	Ramakrishna Math, Chennai
Race Matters	publisher	Vintage Books
My Life: A Spoken Autobiography	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Creationists	publisher	University of California Press
Family Computing	publisher	Scholastic, Inc.
The Shame of the Nation	publisher	Random House
Shrek Smash n' Crash Racing	publisher	Activision
Ms. Pac-Man: Quest for the Golden Maze	publisher	Infogrames
Nothing Like It in the World	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ha'penny	publisher	Tor Books
Half a Crown	publisher	Tor Books
Kousoku Card Battle: Card Hero	publisher	Nintendo
Trade & Battle: Card Hero	publisher	Nintendo
2081: A Hopeful View of the Human Future	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Five Ages of the Universe	publisher	Free Press Publishers
Lifeforce Tenka	publisher	Psygnosis
Rollcage Stage II	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Kingsley's Adventure	publisher	Psygnosis
The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker	publisher	Robert M. McBride
My French Coach and My Spanish Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
An Annotated Checklist of the Birds of the Oriental Region	publisher	Oriental Bird Club
Three Mile Island: A Nuclear Crisis in Historical Perspective	publisher	University of California Press
Venus as a Boy	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
London Calling	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Manga Bible	publisher	Next, Japan Bible Society
The Lucifer Principle	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Acta Sociologica	publisher	SAGE Publications
Psyche	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation for the Cambridge Entomological Club
Wizards	publisher	Avalon Hill
Cocaine Blues	publisher	McPhee Gribble
Lock-On	publisher	Tatsumi
Lock-On	publisher	Data East
Ryūrōden	publisher	Kodansha
Sword Quest	publisher	Harper Collins
Legendary Gambler Tetsuya	publisher	Kodansha
Skateball	publisher	Ubisoft
Dreaming of Babylon: A Private Eye Novel 1942	publisher	Dell Publishing
Rise of Apocalypse	publisher	Marvel Comics
Best Word Book Ever	publisher	Golden Press
Ninja Boy	publisher	Culture Brain
Dexterity	publisher	SNK
Queen's Blade	publisher	Hobby Japan
Queen's Blade	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Queen's Blade	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Queen's Blade	publisher	Media Factory
The Lost Mind of Dr. Brain	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Deadly Tide	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Canadian Journal of Forest Research	publisher	NRC Research Press
A Hard Day's Death	publisher	Leisure Books
Constantine	publisher	THQ
Kimi no Yusha	publisher	SNK Playmore
The Golden Keel	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Running Blind	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Bahama Crisis	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Enemy	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Century for Young People	publisher	Random House, Inc.
This Night's Foul Work	publisher	Viviane Hamy
This Night's Foul Work	publisher	Harvill Secker
The Astonishing Adventures of Mr. Weems and the She Vampires	publisher	Piranha Games
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Socks	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
The City of Dreaming Books	publisher	German: Piper Verlag GmbH. English: Overlook TP
Wargame Construction Set	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far	publisher	Random House
Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far	publisher	WaterBrook Press
Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far	publisher	Flying Dolphin Press
Forest Ecology and Management	publisher	Elsevier
The Cairngorms	publisher	Scottish Mountaineering Trust
Henoch	publisher	Morcelliana
The King's Peace	publisher	Tor Books
The King's Name	publisher	Tor Books
The Prize in the Game	publisher	Tor Books
Rambo	publisher	Ocean Software
Eleven Hours	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Energy Economics	publisher	Elsevier
The Geography of Bliss	publisher	Hachette
The Wild Blue: The Novel of the U.S. Air Force	publisher	Crown Publishers
The Wild Blue: The Novel of the U.S. Air Force	publisher	Ivy Books
X-Men: Apocalypse vs. Dracula	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fortune's Fool	publisher	LUNA Books
Open Sesame	publisher	Kodansha
Hidden Expedition Everest	publisher	Big Fish Games
Onlineworms	publisher	Wizgate
Kowloon Tong	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Kowloon Tong	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Driftglass	publisher	Signet Books
Distant Stars	publisher	Bantam Books
Kurosagi	publisher	Shogakukan
Pattern Languages of Programs	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Där vi en gång gått	publisher	Otava
The Tipping Point	publisher	Little Brown
The Battle of the Labyrinth	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Abominations	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Seven Songs of Merlin	publisher	Penguin
Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Alpine Path: The Story of My Career	publisher	University of Michigan Library
A Heritage and Its History	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Fathers and Crows	publisher	Viking Press
Worms Golf	publisher	THQ
One Piece: Unlimited Cruise	publisher	Namco Bandai
Kisses, Sighs, and Cherry Blossom Pink	publisher	Sun Magazine
Kisses, Sighs, and Cherry Blossom Pink	publisher	Ichijinsha
Kisses, Sighs, and Cherry Blossom Pink	publisher	Futabasha
Opium Season	publisher	The Lyons Press
Starshards	publisher	Grafton
The Complete Nebula Award-Winning Fiction	publisher	Bantam Books
Just Cause 2	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tamagotchi Connection: Corner Shop 3	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
1	publisher	Paperback Library
Marvel Preview	publisher	Magazine Management
Marvel Preview	publisher	Marvel Comics Group
Mystery in London: On the Trail of Jack the Ripper	publisher	Big Fish Games
2	publisher	Paperback Library
The Spiderwick Chronicles	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
3	publisher	Paperback Library
The Dream Merchant	publisher	Walker Books
4	publisher	Paperback Library
When the Devil Dances	publisher	Baen Books
Nebula Winners Thirteen	publisher	Harper & Row
Psyren	publisher	Shueisha
The Hardcore Diaries	publisher	Pocket Books
Transformers Decepticons	publisher	Activision
Transformers Decepticons	publisher	DreamWorks
Transformers Decepticons	publisher	Paramount Pictures
Transformers Decepticons	publisher	Hasbro
Transformers Decepticons	publisher	Nintendo
X-Kai-	publisher	Homesha
Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball	publisher	Éditions Milan
Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball	publisher	United States:  Gareth Stevens
Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball	publisher	Portugal: Minutos de Leitura
Meg and Seron	publisher	MediaWorks
Demigod	publisher	Stardock
Theoretical and Mathematical Physics	publisher	Russian Academy of Sciences
Dinner Party	publisher	Bompiani
Dark of the Sun	publisher	Heinemann
Mobile Suit Gundam: Federation vs. Zeon	publisher	Bandai
Hashire Hebereke	publisher	Sunsoft
Five Days in Paris	publisher	Delacorte Press
Laser Physics Letters	publisher	IOP Publishing
Impulse	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Bookkeeper's Wife	publisher	The Century Company
Time and Chance	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Soldier Five	publisher	Random House
Odalisque	publisher	HarperCollins
Tales of Known Space	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Aware	publisher	Voyager Books
Physics-Uspekhi	publisher	IOP Publishing
My Lovely Ghost Kana	publisher	Takeshobo
Nightwings	publisher	Galaxy Magazine
The Saturn Game	publisher	Analog Science Fiction and Fact
Lost Dorsai	publisher	Ace Books
24 Views of Mt. Fuji, by Hokusai	publisher	Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine
Back to Blood	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Gilgamesh in the Outback	publisher	Asimov's Science Fiction
The Cat Who Knew Shakespeare	publisher	Jove
Sunset in St. Tropez	publisher	Dell Publishing
The History Channel: Battle for the Pacific	publisher	Activision Value
The Tick	publisher	Fox Interactive
Come, Tell Me How You Live	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Molecular and Cellular Biology	publisher	American Society for Microbiology
Willard and His Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Exploration Team	publisher	Street & Smith
The Last Castle	publisher	Galaxy Science Fiction
Legions in Time	publisher	Asimov's Science Fiction
Smile, You're Traveling	publisher	2.13
Rolling Stone Australia	publisher	Paper Riot Pty Ltd
The Sharing of Flesh	publisher	Galaxy Science Fiction
The Cloak and the Staff	publisher	Analog Science Fiction
Buffalo Gals, Won't You Come Out Tonight	publisher	The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction
First Contact	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
Lion of Ireland	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Slow Life	publisher	Analog Science Fiction
A Lick of Frost	publisher	Ballantine Books
Pietà	publisher	Shueisha
WWF WrestleMania	publisher	Ocean Software
WWF European Rampage Tour	publisher	Ocean Software
Voting matters	publisher	McDougall Trust
Magical Pop'n	publisher	Pack-In-Video
The Bone Forest	publisher	Grafton
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians	publisher	Scholastic Press
Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn	publisher	Roc Books
Journal of Graph Theory	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Combinatorial Theory	publisher	Elsevier
Wish You Well	publisher	Warner Books
Superball Arcade	publisher	Cheeky Monkey Software
BioDrugs	publisher	Adis International
Beachheads in Space	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
Beyond Time and Space	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
Crack Comics	publisher	Quality Comics
Speech Sounds	publisher	Asimov's Science Fiction
The Longest Voyage	publisher	Analog Science Fiction and Fact
No Truce with Kings	publisher	The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction
Far Boundaries	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister	publisher	Randal Taylor
Alpine Journal	publisher	Alpine Club
Everything on a Waffle	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Waste Land	publisher	Horace Liveright
The Bears on Hemlock Mountain	publisher	Scribner
NASCAR 09	publisher	EA Sports
The Expert at the Card Table	publisher	Original Unknown
To Live	publisher	Anchor Books & Random House of Canada Limited
The Night Side	publisher	Rinehart & Company
The Outer Reaches	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
The ClueFinders Reading Adventures	publisher	The Learning Company
Mahanayak	publisher	Rajhans Prakashan
Love Among the Ruins. A Romance of the Near Future	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal	publisher	World Health Organization
Liahona	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Unicorn Series	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Unicorn Series	publisher	Tor Books
Family Guy: Stewie's Guide to World Domination	publisher	HarperCollins
Otomen	publisher	Hakusensha
Night's Sorceries	publisher	DAW Books
Night's Master	publisher	DAW Books
The S.I.L.V.E.R. Series	publisher	DAW Hardcover
Delirium's Mistress	publisher	DAW Books
Don't Bite the Sun	publisher	DAW Books
Death's Master	publisher	DAW Books
Delusion's Master	publisher	DAW Books
Venus Preserved	publisher	The Overlook Press
El Buscón	publisher	Pedro Verges
Family Guy: Brian's Guide to Booze, Broads, and the Lost Art of Being a Man	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Clinical Immunology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Shutter Island	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Nada the Lily	publisher	Longman & Co.
From Other Worlds	publisher	Four Square Books
Stonewall Jackson and the American Civil War	publisher	London, New York, Longmans, Green and Co.
The Other Side of the Moon	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
Power Rangers Wild Force	publisher	THQ
Ayakashi	publisher	Kodansha
Mob Enforcer	publisher	THQ
Mob Enforcer	publisher	GFI Russia
Day	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Rizal Without the Overcoat	publisher	Anvil Publishing Inc.
What Was Lost	publisher	Tindal Street Press
Riot Zone	publisher	Hudson Soft
Geology Today	publisher	Geological Society of London
The Pirates of Coney Island	publisher	Image Comics
DeathSpank	publisher	Electronic Arts
Prism: Light the Way	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Moscow 1812: Napoleon's Fatal March	publisher	HarperCollins
Master Georgie	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
Master Georgie	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers
Bodhi Magazine	publisher	The Dzogchen Ponlop Rinpoche
Star Science Fiction Stories No.1	publisher	Ballantine Books
Highlander	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Portals of Tomorrow	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Sleep No More	publisher	Rinehart & Company
The Star of Cottonland	publisher	Hakusensha
The Sleeping and the Dead	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
Elixir	publisher	Superior Software
Strange Ports of Call	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
The Time of Infinity	publisher	Consul
Time to Come	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Young
The Unquiet Grave	publisher	Four Square Books
The Navigator	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Bulletin of the Lebedev Physics Institute	publisher	Lebedev Physics Institute
Bulletin of the Lebedev Physics Institute	publisher	Springer
When Evil Wakes	publisher	Souvenir Press
Who Knocks%3F	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Worlds of Tomorrow	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
The Soul of the Rhino	publisher	The Lyons Press
Universal Studios Theme Parks Adventure	publisher	Kemco
Pokémon Ranger: Shadows of Almia	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Requiem: Memento Mori	publisher	Gravity
New Worlds for Old	publisher	Four Square Books
Iron Grip: Warlord	publisher	ISOTX
The Prophesying Nun of Dresden	publisher	MEB
Digimon World Championship	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Dancing After Hours	publisher	Vintage Press
Evolution & Development	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
A Handful of Darkness	publisher	Rich Cowan
The Variable Man	publisher	Ace Books
The Preserving Machine	publisher	Ace Books
The Book of Philip K. Dick	publisher	DAW Books
Ape Quest	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Best of Philip K. Dick	publisher	Del Rey Books
Assassin's Creed: Altaïr's Chronicles	publisher	Ubisoft
The Golden Man	publisher	Berkley Books
Discoveries in Australia	publisher	T. and W. Boone
Fujoshi Rumi	publisher	Futabasha
Wedding Dash	publisher	PlayFirst
Wedding Dash	publisher	Glu Mobile
Wedding Dash	publisher	Zoo Games
Age of Secrets	publisher	Las Vegas Free Press
Beyond a Boundary	publisher	Hutchinson
Mirai Keisatsu Urashiman	publisher	Akita Shoten
Dancing Stage MegaMix	publisher	Konami
Darkwalker on Moonshae	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Robots, Androids, and Mechanical Oddities	publisher	Southern Illinois University Press
I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon	publisher	Doubleday
Buzz!: The Schools Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ambassador Morgenthau's Story	publisher	Doubleday, Page
The Glass Palace	publisher	Ravi Dayal, Penguin India
Panic Spring	publisher	Faber and Faber
Panic Spring	publisher	Covici-Friede
Monster Rancher Advance 2	publisher	Tecmo
Empress	publisher	HarperCollins
Burnout Paradise	publisher	Electronic Arts
Montezuma's Return!	publisher	WizardWorks
A Gentle Breeze in the Village	publisher	Shueisha
The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick	publisher	Underwood-Miller
The Concept of the Political	publisher	Rutgers University Press
The Footballer's Wife	publisher	Ebury Press
Beyond Lies the Wub	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Legend of Heavenly Sphere Shurato	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Super Robot Taisen OG Saga: Endless Frontier	publisher	Atlus
When It Changed	publisher	Doubleday
Starship Troupers	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dash of Destruction	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Tough Love	publisher	Ebury Press
Bliss Island	publisher	Codemasters
Second Variety	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Father-Thing	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Days of Perky Pat	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide	publisher	Smithsonian Institution and Lynx Edicions
The Little Black Box	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Dark Haired Girl	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Second Variety	publisher	Citadel Twilight
We Can Remember It for You Wholesale	publisher	Citadel Twilight
The Short Happy Life of the Brown Oxford	publisher	Citadel Twilight
Vermillion	publisher	Helix
The Minority Report	publisher	Citadel Twilight
The Eye of the Sibyl	publisher	Citadel Twilight
Can Ladies Kill%3F	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Fredmans epistlar	publisher	Olof Åhlström, by Royal Privilege
Papa Told Me	publisher	Shueisha
Night Slave	publisher	Melody
Arcania: Gothic 4	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Arcania: Gothic 4	publisher	Nordic Games GmbH
Commands & Colors: Ancients	publisher	GMT Games
The Choice	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Green Ripper	publisher	Fawcett Publications
BrainBanx	publisher	Helix
MX vs. ATV: Untamed	publisher	THQ
Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick	publisher	Random House
Blood Rites	publisher	Roc Books
Proven Guilty	publisher	Roc Books
Dead Beat	publisher	Roc Books
White Night	publisher	Roc Books
Paycheck	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Three Bags Full	publisher	Transworld Publishers Limited, Doubleday Publishing, Randomhouse Inc.
Vintage PKD	publisher	Vintage Books
Seventh-day Adventist Hymnal	publisher	Review and Herald Publishing Association
The Black Lamb	publisher	Helix
Perri	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Perri	publisher	Jonathan Cape
MegaRace 2	publisher	Mindscape
Cricket Revolution	publisher	Mindstorm Studios
History	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Secret Weapons of the Luftwaffe	publisher	Lucasfilm Games
Their Finest Hour	publisher	LucasFilm Games
Master of Darkness	publisher	Sega
Earthman's Burden	publisher	Gnome Press
Mystic Comics	publisher	Timely Comics
Mystic Comics	publisher	Atlas Comics
Lords of Time	publisher	Level 9 Computing
So You Want to Tread the Boards	publisher	JR Books
Boogie Bunnies	publisher	Sierra Online
CyberStorm 2: Corporate Wars	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Minority Report	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Journal of Industrial Relations	publisher	Sage Publications
Highlander: The Game	publisher	Square Enix
Slovo	publisher	Maney Publishing
Phaser Patrol	publisher	Starpath
Pikmin 3	publisher	Nintendo
Meltdown	publisher	Alligata Software
Gorgeous Carat	publisher	Shueisha
Gorgeous Carat	publisher	Gentosha
Aldebaran	publisher	Dargaud
Aldebaran	publisher	Cinebook
Rogue Male	publisher	Chatto & Windus
EA Sports GameShow	publisher	EA Sports
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme	publisher	Konami
La Ventana	publisher	Texas Tech University
Danger—Human	publisher	Doubleday
Nervous Brickdown	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Ganbare Goemon 2	publisher	Konami
A Meeting at Corvallis	publisher	Roc Books
Royal Valley : The Story Of The Aberdeenshire Dee	publisher	Alex P. Reid & Son, Aberdeen
Dance Dance Revolution Konamix	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Science and Christian Belief	publisher	Paternoster Press on behalf of Christians in Science and the Victoria Institute
Owen Glendower	publisher	Simon and Schuster, New York
The Liars' Club	publisher	Viking Press
Mutants	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
My Life as a Traitor	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Sight	publisher	Macmillan Children's Books, London
The Film Club	publisher	Thomas Allen Publishers
The Star Road	publisher	Doubleday
Ancient, My Enemy	publisher	Doubleday
Rondo of Swords	publisher	Atlus
Voice or Noise	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Leisure Suit Larry: Box Office Bust	publisher	Codemasters
Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best	publisher	Dell Publishing
Brain Challenge	publisher	Gameloft
Brain Challenge	publisher	Ubisoft
Gothic 3: The Beginning	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
A Stranger Came Ashore	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Man and Boy	publisher	Harper Collins
The Spirit of Dorsai	publisher	Ace Books
Short Trips: The Quality of Leadership	publisher	Big Finish Productions
The Business Man	publisher	Burton's Gentleman's Magazine
Yoiko	publisher	Shogakukan
Doctor Dolittle and the Green Canary	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
BYU Studies Quarterly	publisher	Brigham Young University
Monkey Turn	publisher	Shogakukan
Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club	publisher	Shogakukan
Born Fighting	publisher	Broadway
EPICAC	publisher	Dial Press
In Iron Years	publisher	Doubleday
Lost Dorsai	publisher	Ace Books
Just After Sunset	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Highlander	publisher	Ocean Software Ltd
Love Not Human	publisher	Ace Books
Hoka!	publisher	Wallaby
The Outdoor Book for Adventurous Boys	publisher	The Lyons Press
The Man from Earth	publisher	Tor Books
The Blessing	publisher	Random House
1985	publisher	Pantheon Books
Deeside	publisher	Adam & Charles Black, 4 Soho Square, London
Pop'n Music Mickey Tunes	publisher	Konami
Beatmania IIDX Substream	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Bionic Commando Rearmed	publisher	Capcom
Beatmania IIDX 3rd Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 6th Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX Club Version	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 2nd Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 4th Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 5th Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 10th Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 8th Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Beatmania IIDX 7th Style	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Nitro Stunt Racing	publisher	GameSeed
European Superleague	publisher	CDS Microsystems
The Magicians	publisher	Heinemann
The Magicians	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Marvel Age	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sheva's War	publisher	Helix
Battleships Forever	publisher	Indie gaming
Kiss	publisher	Doubleday
On Wings of Eagles	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
On Wings of Eagles	publisher	HarperCollins
Jubeat	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
Zoologische Verhandelingen	publisher	Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie
Nation	publisher	Doubleday
Tina's Pals	publisher	Editora Abril
Tina's Pals	publisher	Editora Globo
Tina's Pals	publisher	Panini Comics
Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 2	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Waiting	publisher	Pantheon Books
Dance Dance Revolution Party Collection	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2	publisher	Konami
Armored Core: For Answer	publisher	Ubisoft
Journal of Forestry	publisher	Society of American Foresters
Flyaway	publisher	William Collins, Sons
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009	publisher	THQ
Forgotten Realms	publisher	DC Comics
Madeline and the Bad Hat	publisher	Viking Press
The Brave Bulls	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cyberella	publisher	Helix
Culture Made Stupid	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Survival!	publisher	Baen Books
Dickson!	publisher	NESFA Press
Steel Brother	publisher	Tor Books
WarpWar	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
Avilion	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Iinari! Aibure-shon	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Beyond the Dar Al-Harb	publisher	Tor Books
Forward!	publisher	Baen Books
Invaders!	publisher	Baen Books
Conan	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Lion Children	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Myth of the Plan	publisher	Hutchinson and Co Ltd
Wolfblade	publisher	HarperCollins
Battlefield Heroes	publisher	Electronic Arts
Transformers: The Reign of Starscream	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Man from Beijing	publisher	Leopard Förlag
The Man from Beijing	publisher	Harvill Secker
The Man from Beijing	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Right Stuff	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Dorsai Companion	publisher	Ace Books
500cc Grand Prix	publisher	Microïds
The Last Dream	publisher	Baen Books
The Man the Worlds Rejected	publisher	Tor Books
Mindspan	publisher	Baen Books
The Post-War Dream	publisher	Nan A. Talese/Doubleday
The Stranger	publisher	Tor Books
In the Bone	publisher	Ace Books
The Compass of Zen	publisher	Shambhala Publications: Distributed in the United States and Canada by Random House
Everblue	publisher	Capcom
Peace Review	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Phenomenon of Man	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
The Phenomenon of Man	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Phenomenon of Man	publisher	William Collins
Beginnings	publisher	Baen Books
Guided Tour	publisher	Tor Books
Chicago 90	publisher	Microïds
Downhill Challenge	publisher	Loriciel
Downhill Challenge	publisher	Brøderbund
Bodyworks Voyager – Mission in Anatomy	publisher	Software Marketing Corporation
Hoka! Hoka! Hoka!	publisher	Baen Books
Hokas Pokas!	publisher	Baen Books
Highway Patrol 2	publisher	Microids
Killerball	publisher	Microids
Modelling and Simulation in Materials Science and Engineering	publisher	IOP Publishing
Major League Baseball 2K9	publisher	2
Krypton Egg	publisher	Hitsoft
The Island of Eternal Love	publisher	Grijalbo
The Island of Eternal Love	publisher	Riverhead
To Each His Own	publisher	Carcanet / Gli Adelphi
The Turquoise	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
West Virginia Law Review	publisher	West Virginia University College of Law
The Human Edge	publisher	Baen Books
Outzone	publisher	Lankhor
Elemental	publisher	Lankhor
Rod Serling's Triple W: Witches, Warlocks and Werewolves	publisher	Bantam Books
ATV Quad Power Racing	publisher	Acclaim Sports  AKA Acclaim]]
Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest	publisher	Oxford University Press
American Century	publisher	Vertigo
Reflections in a Golden Eye	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Le Chef-d'œuvre inconnu	publisher	Charles-Béchet
The Journal of Social Psychology	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Applied Social Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Basic and Applied Social Psychology	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue	publisher	Jove
The Ship's Cat	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Rod Serling's Devils and Demons	publisher	Bantam Books
Combat SF	publisher	Doubleday
Nebula Winners Twelve	publisher	Harper & Row
Between the Bridge and the River	publisher	Chronicle Books
The Harriers	publisher	Baen books
Blood and War	publisher	Baen books
Ultimate Human	publisher	Ultimate Marvel
Ultimate Human	publisher	imprint of Marvel Comics
The Spy Who Loved Me	publisher	Domark Software
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1949	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Teen	publisher	Hearst Corporation, Jayne Jamison
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Noughts & Crosses	publisher	Random House
Hunter: The Vigil	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1951	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Blood Wars	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952	publisher	Fredrick Fell
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953	publisher	Fredrick Fell
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Captain America and the Falcon	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series	publisher	Advent
Gekibo: Gekisha Boy	publisher	Irem
Gekibo: Gekisha Boy	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1956	publisher	Fredrick Fell
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1955	publisher	Frederick Fell Publishers, Inc.
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952	publisher	Frederick Fell Publishers, Inc.
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1954	publisher	Frederick Fell Publishers, Inc.
Young X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Faster than a Kiss	publisher	Hakusensha
Combo Racer	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Psionics Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Bounder	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Butcher Hill	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Cookie and Bibi 2	publisher	Semicom
Cookie and Bibi 3	publisher	Semicom
Dark Fusion	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Eastbourne Herald	publisher	Johnston Press
Deflektor	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Bittersweet Fools	publisher	Minori
Bittersweet Fools	publisher	D3 Publisher
Soma Bringer	publisher	Nintendo
Golden Basket	publisher	Opera Soft
Imagination Unlimited	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Our Choice	publisher	Rodale Books
Every Boy's Book of Outer Space Stories	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Michael Jordan in Flight	publisher	Electronic Arts
Jammit	publisher	GTE Entertainment
Jammit	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Street Sports Basketball	publisher	Epyx
GBA Championship Basketball: Two-on-Two	publisher	Activision
Great Science Fiction Stories About the Moon	publisher	Fredrick Fell
Annals of Rome	publisher	Personal Software Services
Eastbourne Gazette	publisher	Johnston Press
The Theory of Evolution	publisher	Penguin Books
The Theory of Evolution	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Florida Law Review	publisher	Fredric G. Levin College of Law
Beguilement	publisher	Eos
Legacy	publisher	Eos
Eight Episodes	publisher	Dell Magazines
Coronado's Children	publisher	Southwest Press
Clover Heart's	publisher	ALcot
Clover Heart's	publisher	Interchannel
SDI	publisher	Sega
SDI	publisher	Activision
Anna Mercury	publisher	Avatar Press
Cooking Fighter Hao	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
The Knight and Death	publisher	Adelphi Edizioni
RASL	publisher	Cartoon Books
Dead Corps	publisher	Helix
The Group	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
Cat Among the Pigeons	publisher	Egmont Publishing
One Hundred and Two H-Bombs	publisher	Compact Books
Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden V	publisher	Shogakukan
The Last Voyage of Columbus	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Journal of Physical Chemistry C	publisher	American Chemical Society
Under Compulsion	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
Maria Holic	publisher	Media Factory
The Murder House Trilogy	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Hard Call	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
First Love Sisters	publisher	Sun Magazine
First Love Sisters	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Complete Stories	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Attack of the Saucerman	publisher	Psygnosis
Air Ranger: Rescue Helicopter	publisher	ASK
Air Ranger: Rescue Helicopter	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Deadline	publisher	Street & Smith
Hebraic Political Studies	publisher	Shalem Press
World of Goo	publisher	2
World of Goo	publisher	Windows retail
World of Goo	publisher	WiiWare
World of Goo	publisher	OS X retail
The Healer's Keep	publisher	Holiday House
Merlin's Wood	publisher	HarperCollins
David Suzuki: The Autobiography	publisher	Greystone Books
The Cat Who Knew a Cardinal	publisher	Jove
The Cat Who Tailed a Thief	publisher	Jove
Mayo Clinic Proceedings	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Mayo Clinic
Iono-sama Fanatics	publisher	MediaWorks
Crypt Killer	publisher	Konami
The Matter of Araby in Medieval England	publisher	Yale University Press
Mammalian Species	publisher	American Society of Mammalogists
People of the Fire	publisher	Tor Books
People of the Earth	publisher	Tor Books
People of the River	publisher	Tor Books
Wiseguy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
White Fang Goes Dingo	publisher	Arrow Books
Getting into Death	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
Getting into Death and Other Stories	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Antiquities of Mexico	publisher	A. Aglio , R. Havell , H.G. Bohn
The Eagle Has Flown	publisher	Chapmans
Medalon	publisher	HarperCollins
East and West	publisher	Crown
Warlock	publisher	LJN
Warlock	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Queen of Camelot	publisher	Random House Publishing Group
The Chemistry of Death	publisher	Bantam Books
The Dungeon Master	publisher	Crystal Computing
The Superman Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
Molecular Medicine	publisher	The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research
Watashitachi no Tamura-kun	publisher	MediaWorks
Giacomo Joyce	publisher	Faber & Faber
America's Best TV Comics	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Sharper Your Knife, the Less You Cry	publisher	Viking Press, paperback Penguin Books
IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Quantum Electronics	publisher	IEEE Photonics Society
Biology Today: An Issues Approach	publisher	Garland Science Textbooks
Operation Darkness	publisher	Success
Operation Darkness	publisher	Atlus
Journey into the Whirlwind	publisher	Harcourt
Journey into the Whirlwind	publisher	Persephone Books
Halls of the Things	publisher	Crystal Computing
Oxford Encyclopedia of Maritime History	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Island	publisher	Crystal Computing
Invasion of the Body Snatchas!	publisher	Crystal Computing
Rommel's Revenge	publisher	Crystal Computing
Current Biology	publisher	Cell Press
Saw	publisher	Konami
Evolutionary Biology	publisher	Addison-Wesley
The Noonday Demon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Big Red Racing	publisher	Domark
Agent 13: The Invisible Empire	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Avencast: Rise of the Mage	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Corridors of Genon	publisher	New Generation Software
3D Tunnel	publisher	New Generation Software
Destiny	publisher	Media24
Escape	publisher	New Generation Software
Bright Day	publisher	Heinemann
Black College Football: BCFX: The Xperience	publisher	Aspyr Media
Fantasy Fan	publisher	Charles D. Hornig
FaceBreaker	publisher	EA Sports BIG
Lost in Blue 3	publisher	Konami
World Series of Poker 2008: Battle for the Bracelets	publisher	Activision
Terminator: The Burning Earth	publisher	NOW Comics
Imaginotions; Truthless Tales	publisher	The Century Co.
Meikyuu Jiin Dababa	publisher	Konami
P.T.O.	publisher	Koei
Native Speaker	publisher	Berkley Books
Journal for the Study of the Historical Jesus	publisher	Brill Publishers
Honey x Honey Drops	publisher	Shogakukan
Hachiko Waits	publisher	Henry Holt and Company, LLC
The Far Side Gallery 4	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing, LLC
The Complete Far Side	publisher	Andrews, and McMeel
Life as We Knew It	publisher	Harcourt Children's Books
Walkin' Butterfly	publisher	Kodansha
Walkin' Butterfly	publisher	Kadokawa X Media
Walkin' Butterfly	publisher	Ohzora Publishing
All the World's Mornings	publisher	Gallimard
Megapede	publisher	Softek Software
Collins Bird Guide	publisher	HarperCollins
Ostron	publisher	Softek Software
Space Chimps	publisher	Brash Entertainment
Kämpfer	publisher	Media Factory
Time and the Gods	publisher	Orion Books
Voiceful	publisher	Sun Magazine
Voiceful	publisher	Ichijinsha
Gun Princess	publisher	Media Factory
Gun Princess	publisher	Kodansha
Levels of Knowing and Existence	publisher	Harper and Row
The Revolution: A Manifesto	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Professor Kageyama's Maths Training: The Hundred Cell Calculation Method	publisher	Shogakukan
Professor Kageyama's Maths Training: The Hundred Cell Calculation Method	publisher	Nintendo
Flock of Angels	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Nightmares for Sale	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Nephilim	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Hate to Love You	publisher	Ohzora Publishing
I Shall Never Return	publisher	Shufu-to-Seikatsu Sha
I Shall Never Return	publisher	Ohzora Publishing
Seduce Me After the Show	publisher	Tokyo Mangasha
El Gato Negro	publisher	Azteca Productions
Heaven Has No Favorites	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Men of War	publisher	1
Glamourpuss	publisher	Aardvark-Vanaheim
Trust Me	publisher	Rupa
People of the Book	publisher	Viking Penguin
Star Crossed	publisher	Helix
Namco Museum DS	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Monkey Hunting	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Shell Shaker	publisher	Aunt Lute Books
Disney's Hercules	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Disney's Hercules	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Disney's Hercules	publisher	THQ
The Jungle Book Groove Party	publisher	Disney Interactive
Swamp Thing	publisher	THQ
The Green Knight	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Super Swing Golf: Season 2	publisher	Tecmo
Super Swing Golf: Season 2	publisher	Rising Star Games
Kappa no Kaikata	publisher	Shueisha
The Romantics	publisher	Picador
MX Superfly	publisher	THQ
American Medical News	publisher	American Medical Association
The Dome: Ground Zero	publisher	Helix, an imprint of DC Comics
X3: Terran Conflict	publisher	Deep Silver
X3: Terran Conflict	publisher	Interactive Gaming Software
GT Advance 2: Rally Racing	publisher	THQ
Time Breakers	publisher	Helix
The Tower of the Elephant	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Zeroville	publisher	Europa Editions
Dear	publisher	Square Enix
Rogues in the House	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Devil in Iron	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Pan	publisher	Otto Julius Bierbaum
Pan	publisher	Julius Meier-Graefe
GT Advance 3: Pro Concept Racing	publisher	THQ
Queen of the Black Coast	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Kingdom and the Power	publisher	Cleveland: World Publishing
Jewels of Gwahlur	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Imabikisō	publisher	Sega
Agent 13: The Serpentine Assassin	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Warrior	publisher	HarperCollins
Sovereign	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Boreas	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Black Colossus	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Pool of the Black One	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Open Life Sciences	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
The Conan Chronicles, 1	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Modem Wars	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Complete Chronicles of Conan	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Sakura Strasse	publisher	Palette
The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts	publisher	Jove
Forlorn River	publisher	Harper
The Conan Chronicles	publisher	Tor Books
Marquette Journal	publisher	Marquette University
American Bass Challenge	publisher	Starfish
American Bass Challenge	publisher	Ubisoft
A Live Coal in the Sea	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
Repulsar	publisher	Softek Software
Bulletin of Insectology	publisher	University of Bologna
2007 World Youth Report	publisher	United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Buzz!: Master Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Jane's Longbow 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Firebirds	publisher	Softek Software
Monsters in Hell	publisher	Softek Software
The Conan Chronicles II	publisher	Legend Books
Robon	publisher	Softek Software
The Further Chronicles of Conan	publisher	Tor Books
The Essential Conan	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club
Journal of Empirical Legal Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Henry James, This One's for You	publisher	Subterranean Press
Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood	publisher	Perseus Books
Mnemosyne	publisher	Hobby Japan
Mnemosyne	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Counter-Revolutionary Violence: Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda	publisher	Warner Modular Publications, Inc.
La Semaine Sainte	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
La Semaine Sainte	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Midnight Secretary	publisher	Shogakukan
Spectrum Safari	publisher	CDS Micro Systems
Magic Meanies	publisher	CDS Micro Systems
French is Fun	publisher	CDS Micro Systems
Melee	publisher	Metagaming Concepts
Yugo	publisher	Kodansha
This Is Vegas	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Texas Hold 'em	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Ashes to Ashes	publisher	Bantam Books
Time Hollow	publisher	Konami
AM Driver	publisher	Shogakukan
The Case Against the Fed	publisher	Ludwig von Mises Institute
Little Dracula	publisher	Walker Books
Little Dracula	publisher	Candlewick Press
Rocky Balboa	publisher	Ubisoft
Battle of the Bands	publisher	THQ
ChemMedChem	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Construction Project Information Committee	publisher	CPIC
Disease Models & Mechanisms	publisher	Company of Biologists
Pick Me Up	publisher	IPC Media
Dear John	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
2 Girls	publisher	Serpent's Tail
Phoebe, Junior	publisher	Hurst and Blackett
Nog	publisher	Random House
Quest of the Ancients	publisher	Unicorn Game Publications
The Mystery of the Black Jungle	publisher	ROH Press
The Mystery of the Black Jungle	publisher	Donath
Journal of Environmental Economics and Management	publisher	Elsevier
Taisen Puzzle-Dama	publisher	Konami
Review of Environmental Economics and Policy	publisher	Oxford Journals
Maralinga: Australia's Nuclear Waste Cover-up	publisher	ABC Books
DPR Europe	publisher	UK: Advanstar Communications
Songs to Make You Smile	publisher	Hakusensha
Journal of Molecular Structure	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Molecular Structure	publisher	ScienceDirect
Computational and Theoretical Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Thorn Ogres of Hagwood	publisher	Penguin Books
Noise: The Political Economy of Music	publisher	Presses Universitaires de France
Noise: The Political Economy of Music	publisher	University of Minnesota Press
Wizard's Hall	publisher	Harcourt
Patrick van der Eem	publisher	TM
International Superstar Soccer Pro 98	publisher	Konami
Forge of Freedom: The American Civil War	publisher	Matrix Games
California Dreaming	publisher	Little Brown
Abecedar	publisher	Batavia, Thessaloniki
The Transmutation of Ike Garuda	publisher	Epic Comics
Ghosts of India	publisher	BBC Books
Shining Darkness	publisher	BBC Books
The Doctor Trap	publisher	BBC Books
Eichmann Interrogated	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Environmental and Resource Economics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Banewreaker	publisher	Tor Books
Kabu no Isaki	publisher	Kodansha
Trinity	publisher	DC Comics
Michael Moorcock's Multiverse	publisher	Helix, an imprint of DC Comics
The Getaway	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Buzz!: The Pop Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Reflex	publisher	Tor Books
Harper's Bible Dictionary	publisher	Harper and Row
Eyes of the Emperor	publisher	Laurel-Leaf
Something Upstairs	publisher	Orchard Books
Something Upstairs	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Violette's Daring Adventure	publisher	Éditions Milan
Violette's Daring Adventure	publisher	Gareth Stevens
Violette's Daring Adventure	publisher	Delphin Verlag
Violette's Daring Adventure	publisher	Donga Chulpansa
Skin Cancer: Recognition and Management	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Rhialto the Marvellous	publisher	Brandywyne Books
Rhialto the Marvellous	publisher	Baen Books
Frogger's Adventures: Temple of the Frog	publisher	Konami
Fame and Obscurity	publisher	Doubleday
The Bridge: The Building of the Verrazano–Narrows Bridge	publisher	Harper & Row
Honor Thy Father	publisher	Cleveland: World Publishing
Unto the Sons	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dancing Stage featuring Dreams Come True	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Fatal Hearts	publisher	Hanako Games
Heli Fire	publisher	Nintendo
A Writer's Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sky Skipper	publisher	Nintendo
Sky Skipper	publisher	Parker Bros.
Shadow and Claw	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
The Field of Vision	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
La Maravilla	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Chronicles of Amber	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club
The Chronicles of Amber	publisher	HarperCollins
The Chronicles of Amber	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Coming of El Borak	publisher	Cryptic Publications
North of Khyber	publisher	Cryptic Publications
Space Marauder	publisher	Agetec
Space Marauder	publisher	KID
Mr. Monk Goes to Germany	publisher	Signet Books
Street Fighter Alpha	publisher	Capcom
Ironman	publisher	Harper Collins
International Conference on Developments in Language Theory	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Conference on Developments in Language Theory	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Descriptional Complexity of Formal Systems	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Conference on Implementation and Application of Automata	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Conference on Implementation and Application of Automata	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Lords of Thunder	publisher	Hudson Soft
Championship Manager 2008	publisher	Eidos Interactive
After This	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Central European Journal of International and Security Studies	publisher	Metropolitan University Prague
Lucha Libre	publisher	Les Humanoïdes Associés
Roogoo	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
N-Sub	publisher	Sega
Annual Review of Sociology	publisher	Annual Reviews
Territory	publisher	Tom Doherty Associates
Lionheart	publisher	Thalion Software
Midnight Mutants	publisher	Atari Corporation
Battle of Kingdom	publisher	Meldac
April Twilights	publisher	The Gorham Press
Outside Valentine	publisher	Picador
Pitcairn's Island	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Lees of Laughter's End	publisher	PS Publishing
Yale Law & Policy Review	publisher	Yale Law School
The Battlefield Where The Moon Says I Love You	publisher	Mill Mountain Press & Lost Roads i
The Hills of Varna	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Uncanny Tales	publisher	Atlas Comics
Uncanny Tales	publisher	Marvel Comics
Uncanny Tales	publisher	Alan Class Comics
Against Happiness	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Top Gear GT Championship	publisher	Kemco
Psycho Busters	publisher	Kodansha
Myth War Online	publisher	Internet Gaming Gate
Real Drive	publisher	Kodansha
L'Opoponax	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Les Guérillères	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Le Corps Lesbien	publisher	Beacon Press
The Book of Bunny Suicides	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton, Ltd
The Danish Girl	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Danish Girl	publisher	Viking Press
With God on Our Side: One Man's War Against an Evangelical Coup in America's Military	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Dark Star Safari	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Components in Electronics	publisher	Specialist Business Media
The Sword	publisher	Image Comics
Otomedius	publisher	Konami
Wild Metal Country	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Wild Metal Country	publisher	Dreamcast
Wild Metal Country	publisher	Rockstar Games
Champions Online	publisher	Atari
Spore Creatures	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spore Creatures	publisher	EA Mobile
Spore Creatures	publisher	Electronic Arts Nederland BV
Deadly Creatures	publisher	THQ
Spore Origins	publisher	Electronic Arts
One Month to Live	publisher	WaterBrook Press
Dragonseeds	publisher	Jaleco
Guitar Hero: Aerosmith	publisher	Activision
Guitar Hero: Aerosmith	publisher	Aspyr Media
Family Moving Day	publisher	Éditions Milan
Family Moving Day	publisher	Gareth Stevens
Family Moving Day	publisher	Tonga Chulpansa
Cathedral	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Pure	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Root Cellar	publisher	Lester and Orpen Dennys
Land Economics	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
American Journal of Agricultural Economics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Electrical Experimenter	publisher	Hugo Gernsback
Truancy	publisher	Tor Books
Penguin Land	publisher	Pony Canyon
Cebu	publisher	University of Washington Press
Queens	publisher	Quartet Books
Truesight	publisher	Eos Books
Genesis Alpha	publisher	Ginee Seo Books
The Good Dog	publisher	Atheneum Books
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Campus Apocalypse	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Kimi ni Todoke	publisher	Shueisha
Jack, the Giant Killer	publisher	Ace Books
Overlord: Raising Hell	publisher	Codemasters
Nabari no Ou	publisher	Square Enix
UTour Golf	publisher	Groove Games
Bad Land: An American Romance	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Casuarina Tree	publisher	William Heinemann, UK
The Casuarina Tree	publisher	George H. Doran Company, New York
The Great Tree	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Common Arrangement of Work Sections	publisher	CPIC
Sakura no Uta	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Advances in Production Engineering & Management	publisher	Production Engineering Institute
Garner's Modern English Usage	publisher	Oxford University Press
Altri Libertini	publisher	Feltrinelli
The True Meaning of Smekday	publisher	Hyperion
Killing Time	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Viriconium	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Virgin Night	publisher	Takeshobo
Don King Presents: Prizefighter	publisher	2
Viriconium	publisher	Orion Books
Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's	publisher	Shueisha
All Broken Up and Dancing	publisher	Thesaurus Media Publications
Anathem	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Magic: The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Anarchist Studies	publisher	Lawrence and Wishart
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell	publisher	Citadel Press
Laura Warholic	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
The Underdogs	publisher	Penguin Books
Lily Beach	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Kyle XY: Nowhere to Hide	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Faith of My Fathers	publisher	Random House
The Abashiri Family	publisher	Akita Shoten
Things the Grandchildren Should Know	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Afro Samurai	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Hollywood Hex	publisher	Creation Books
The Return	publisher	Scholastic Press
Fable II Pub Games	publisher	Xbox Live Productions
Fable II Pub Games	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
John Dies at the End	publisher	Permuted Press
Tigerz	publisher	Ubisoft
Vampire Master Dark Crimson	publisher	Kodansha
Pablo's Tree	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Little Gamers	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Land of Laughs	publisher	Viking Press
Go! Go! Break Steady	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Defense Grid: The Awakening	publisher	Hidden Path Entertainment
Defense Grid: The Awakening	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Defense Grid: The Awakening	publisher	Virtual Programming
Kyle XY: Under the Radar	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
NCAA Football 09	publisher	EA Sports
The Dishwasher: Dead Samurai	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Russka	publisher	Century Hutchinson
The Forest	publisher	Century Hutchinson
American Speech	publisher	Duke University Press
The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory	publisher	Beacon Press
Ireland: Awakening	publisher	Century Hutchinson
The Porcelain Magician	publisher	Gnome Press
Witness	publisher	Scholastic Press
The Informant	publisher	Random House
The Informant	publisher	Broadway Books
Portal 2	publisher	Valve Corporation
Strider	publisher	Capcom
Timbuktu	publisher	Henry Holt
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Radical History Review	publisher	Duke University Press
City of the Sun	publisher	Random House
Time Slip	publisher	Vic Tokai
Vic Viper	publisher	Konami
The Milkman Murders	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Killer	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Thirty-First of February	publisher	Gnome Press
The Clone Republic	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
The Clone Republic	publisher	Penguin Group
Men Against the Stars	publisher	Gnome Press
Between Two Seas	publisher	Oxford University Press
Larry and the Meaning of Life	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Born to Rock	publisher	Hyperion Books
Plum Lucky	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Rain Before It Falls	publisher	Viking Press
Saganami Island Tactical Simulator	publisher	Final Sword Productions
British Journal of Psychiatry	publisher	Royal College of Psychiatrists
Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Genewars	publisher	Electronic Arts
Schizophrenia Research	publisher	Elsevier
One for the Road	publisher	Lulu
Kannagi: Crazy Shrine Maidens	publisher	Ichijinsha
Poison Study	publisher	Mira
The Queen's Gambit	publisher	Random House
Grounded	publisher	Image Comics
Deadman Wonderland	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Men Who Stare at Goats	publisher	Picador
The Men Who Stare at Goats	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Fearless	publisher	Image Comics
Culture, Society and Masculinities	publisher	Men's Studies Press
Hazed	publisher	Image Comics
Statistical Science	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Tomorrow and Tomorrow & The Fairy Chessmen	publisher	Gnome Press
ADN	publisher	Editorial Página Cero
The Beatles: The Fab Four Who Dominated Pop Music for a Decade	publisher	Treasure Press
Bone Dance	publisher	Ace Books
Travelers of Space	publisher	Gnome Press
Operation Wolf 3	publisher	Taito
Age and Ageing	publisher	Oxford University Press
Neo Bomberman	publisher	Hudson Soft
Demon Box	publisher	Viking Press
Caverns	publisher	Penguin Books
The Idolmaster Live For You!	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Science-Gossip	publisher	Robert Hardwicke
Science-Gossip	publisher	Simpking Marshall, Hamilton, Kent & Co., Ltd / R. Friedländer & Sohn.
A Practical Guide to Racism	publisher	Gotham Books
Seetee Ship	publisher	Gnome Press
Journey to Infinity	publisher	Gnome Press
The Mixed Men	publisher	Gnome Press
The Dragons of Babel	publisher	Tor Books
Robots Have No Tails	publisher	Gnome Press
Star Soldier R	publisher	Hudson Soft
Schizophrenia Bulletin	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center and Schizophrenia International Research Society
Judgment Night	publisher	Gnome Press
Tomás and the Library Lady	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Creatures of the Night	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Robot City	publisher	Byron Preiss Multimedia
The Dead of Jericho	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Last Sitting	publisher	William Morrow and Company
How I Paid for College: A Novel of Sex, Theft, Friendship, and Musical Theater	publisher	Broadway Books
Wizard of the Crow	publisher	Harvill Secker
Fatelessness	publisher	Vintage
Five Science Fiction Novels	publisher	Gnome Press
SimCity Creator	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Whitby Witches	publisher	Hodder Wayland
A Warlock in Whitby	publisher	Hodder Wayland
Tom Swift in the Caves of Ice	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Ravenskull	publisher	Superior Software, ProAction, Superior Interactive
Tom Swift and His Wireless Message	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift and His Electric Runabout	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift and His Submarine Boat	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift and His Airship	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift and His Motor Boat	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift and His Motor Cycle	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Conflict of Interest	publisher	Strawberry Hill Press
The Delaware Journal of Corporate Law	publisher	Widener University School of Law
The Cancer Journals	publisher	Aunt Lute Books
The Journey of Shuna	publisher	Animage JuJu Bunko, Tokuma Shoten
Addiction	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction
My Mortal Enemy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Jumper: Griffin's Story	publisher	Brash Entertainment
Epicenter	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers, Inc
Bug Too!	publisher	Sega
Space Lawyer	publisher	Gnome Press
The Good Terrorist	publisher	Jonathan Cape, UK; Knopf, US
Latin American Perspectives	publisher	SAGE Publications
Hot Pixel	publisher	Atari
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Wind	publisher	Kodansha
Kings Will Be Tyrants	publisher	Random House
The Wounded Surgeon	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Congressional Pictorial Directory	publisher	United States Government Printing Office
Jonah	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Tiny Titans	publisher	DC Comics
Dark Sun Online: Crimson Sands	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Dark Sun Online: Crimson Sands	publisher	Total Entertainment Network
Mutant	publisher	Gnome Press
The Refugees	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Shambleau and Others	publisher	Gnome Press
O Strange New World	publisher	Viking Press
Finanzarchiv	publisher	Mohr Siebeck Verlag
Finanzarchiv	publisher	Tübingen
The Three Trillion Dollar War	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Truth About 9th Company	publisher	1C
Ways to Live Forever	publisher	Marion Lloyd Books
The Complete Book of Outer Space	publisher	Gnome Press
Killing for Culture	publisher	Creation Books
The Robot and the Man	publisher	Gnome Press
Major League Baseball 2K8 Fantasy All-Stars	publisher	2
Backtrack	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
NFL Head Coach 09	publisher	EA Sports
A Russian Beauty and Other Stories	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Pattern for Conquest	publisher	Gnome Press
Celia en el colegio	publisher	Alianza Editorial
The Land of Bad Fantasy	publisher	Omnibus Press, Scholastic Corporation
Minions of the Moon	publisher	Gnome Press
Kick-Ass	publisher	Icon Comics
A Tract of Time	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Cosmic Engineers	publisher	Gnome Press
Renaissance	publisher	Gnome Press
Legions: Overdrive	publisher	InstantAction
UEFA Euro 2008	publisher	EA Sports
Woodstock Nation	publisher	Random House
The Starmen	publisher	Gnome Press
Reports on Mathematical Physics	publisher	Elsevier
Women's Studies Quarterly	publisher	The Feminist Press
Meat Is Murder	publisher	Creation Books
Iceworld	publisher	Gnome Press
Fairway Solitaire	publisher	Big Fish Games
Christopher Unborn	publisher	Fondo de Cultura Económica
Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars	publisher	Gnome Press
Northwest of Earth	publisher	Gnome Press
Letters to Ottla	publisher	Schocken Books
Pest Control	publisher	BBC Audio
The Forgotten Planet	publisher	Gnome Press
Edgar Huntly	publisher	H. Maxwell
L.A. SWAT	publisher	Mastertronic
Panther	publisher	Mastertronic
So Human an Animal	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Misha: A Mémoire of the Holocaust Years	publisher	Mt. Ivy Press
Ultimate Band	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Cocks & Féret	publisher	Éditions Féret
Cocks & Féret	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Star Bridge	publisher	Gnome Press
Omamori Himari	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Omamori Himari	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Address: Centauri	publisher	Gnome Press
Zeitschrift für Evidenz, Fortbildung und Qualität im Gesundheitswesen	publisher	Elsevier
Operation Destruct	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Pajama Sam: No Need to Hide When It's Dark Outside	publisher	Atari
Pajama Sam: No Need to Hide When It's Dark Outside	publisher	Majesco Entertainment  Nimbus Games
Sargasso of Space	publisher	Gnome Press
Silent Hunter 4: Wolves of the Pacific U-Boat Missions	publisher	Ubisoft
Runemarks	publisher	Doubleday
This Fortress World	publisher	Gnome Press
Play to the End	publisher	Bantam Press
NBA Give 'n Go	publisher	Konami
Orbit Science Fiction	publisher	Hanro Corporation
The Most Famous Man in America	publisher	Doubleday
SeaQuest DSV	publisher	Malibu , THQ
Dogeaters	publisher	Pantheon Books
All About the Future	publisher	Gnome Press
The Century	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Pink	publisher	Shueisha
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fifth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Southland	publisher	Akashic Books
Why Survive%3F Being Old in America	publisher	Harper & Row
Reprieve from Paradise	publisher	Gnome Press
Godslayer	publisher	Tor Books
Science Fiction Terror Tales	publisher	Gnome Press
Justice Riders	publisher	DC Comics
The South Carolina Review	publisher	Clemson University Press
Highways in Hiding	publisher	Gnome Press
World Without End	publisher	Bantam Books
Tsuribaka Nisshi	publisher	Shogakukan
Patalliro!	publisher	Hakusensha
Plague Ship	publisher	Gnome Press
The Vet's Daughter	publisher	Heinemann
Cemetery Dance	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Grander Musashi	publisher	Shogakukan
Dragon Tamer Sound Spirit	publisher	Namco Bandai
SF: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	publisher	Gnome Press
Interplanetary Hunter	publisher	Gnome Press
Riana Rouge	publisher	Black Dragon Productions
The Double Hook	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Lilith: A Snake in the Grass	publisher	Del Rey Books
SF '57: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	publisher	Gnome Press
X-Blades	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
X-Blades	publisher	1
X-Blades	publisher	TopWare Interactive
X-Blades	publisher	Ubisoft
Stairway to Heaven: Led Zeppelin Uncensored	publisher	HarperCollins
Colonial Survey	publisher	Gnome Press
Two Sought Adventure	publisher	Gnome Press
Sperm Wars	publisher	Fourth Estate, London
Queen of Demons	publisher	Saint Martin's Press
Coming Attractions	publisher	Gnome Press
Starman's Quest	publisher	Gnome Press
The White Gryphon	publisher	DAW Books
Path of Unreason	publisher	Gnome Press
The Seedling Stars	publisher	Gnome Press
Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member	publisher	Atlantic, Inc.
Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member	publisher	Penguin Books
Tros of Samothrace	publisher	Appleton-Century-Crofts
Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling	publisher	Faber and Faber
SF '58: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	publisher	Gnome Press
Annual Review of Nutrition	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Genetics	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Anthropology	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Clinical Psychology	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Biochemistry	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Earth and Planetary Sciences	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Analytical Chemistry	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Cell and Developmental Biology	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Plant Biology	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Political Science	publisher	Annual Reviews
SF '59: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	publisher	Gnome Press
The Survivors	publisher	Gnome Press
Crossing the River	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Bird of Time	publisher	Gnome Press
Purple Pirate	publisher	Appleton-Century-Crofts
Grief	publisher	Hyperion Books
American Journal of Sexuality Education	publisher	Routledge
The Vortex Blaster	publisher	Gnome Press and Fantasy Press
Invaders from the Infinite	publisher	Gnome Press and Fantasy Press
Državna Tajna	publisher	MATICA
Gray Lensman	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Philosophical Corps	publisher	Gnome Press
Frogs and Scientists	publisher	Ace Books
Age of Booty	publisher	Capcom
Hotel World	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Earthrise	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Stranger	publisher	Fireglow Games
Stranger	publisher	Empire Interactive
The General	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
KAtomic	publisher	KDE
Brewing Justice	publisher	University of California Press
Dark Matter	publisher	Warner Aspect
The Watchmen	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Prince Otto	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Moero 6!! Shin Moero!! Pro Yakyuu	publisher	Jaleco Entertainment
The Strange Death of Tory England	publisher	Allen Lane
The Strange Death of Tory England	publisher	London
St. Ives	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Ebb-Tide	publisher	Heinemann
Moero 7!! Juudou Warriors	publisher	Jaleco Entertainment
Bases Loaded '96: Double Header	publisher	Jaleco
ESPN Extreme Games	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Something Special	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Gorgon's Gaze	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Priests of Psi	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Tough, Tough Toys for Tough, Tough Boys	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Adventure Rock	publisher	BBC and Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep
Jenny Villiers	publisher	Heinemann
Armalyte	publisher	Thalamus Ltd
Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars	publisher	Strategy First
Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars	publisher	Data Design Interactive
Colossus	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Drawing of the Dark	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Drawing of the Dark	publisher	Grafton (publisher)
The Island	publisher	Headline Review
Captain Tsubasa J: Get In The Tomorrow	publisher	Bandai
LIT	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Leyendas de Guatemala	publisher	Ediciones Oriente
Primeval Hunt	publisher	Sega
The Best of Frank Herbert	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
BMC Structural Biology	publisher	BioMed Central
BMC Biology	publisher	BioMed Central
Biology Direct	publisher	BioMed Central
The Wizard of Lemuria	publisher	Ace Books
I, Otaku: Struggle in Akihabara	publisher	Square Enix
Echo	publisher	Abstract Studios
The Book of Frank Herbert	publisher	DAW Books
Penguin Musume	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Worlds of Frank Herbert	publisher	New English Library
Normal Accidents	publisher	Basic Books
Art Journal	publisher	College Art Association of America
Classic British Motor Racing	publisher	Destineer
Rig Racer 2	publisher	Destineer
Rig Racer 2	publisher	Metro 3D
Doom 3: Worlds on Fire	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Defend Your Castle	publisher	XGen Studios
Galactic Empires	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club / Writer's House Inc.
Gaba Kawa	publisher	Shogakukan
De divina proportione	publisher	Paganini
Union Street	publisher	Virago Press
The Limits of Liberty	publisher	Oxford University Press
Fighter Wing: A Guided Tour of an Air Force Combat Wing	publisher	Berkley Books
Going, Going, Gone	publisher	Voyager Books
Journal of the American Statistical Association	publisher	American Statistical Association
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 1	publisher	DAW Books
Premier Manager 3	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Ladies' Night	publisher	Overlook Connection Press, Amazon Kindle
Amatsuki	publisher	Ichijinsha
Lupin III	publisher	Futabasha
Lupin III	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
Scientia Pharmaceutica	publisher	Österreichischer Apotheker-Verlag
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land	publisher	Times Books
A Hand in the Bush	publisher	Greenery Press
X-Men: Mutant Wars	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
Premier Manager 2	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
The Five Chinese Brothers	publisher	Originally Coward-McCann; currently Putnam
Storm Thief	publisher	Scholastic Books
Cerberus: A Wolf in the Fold	publisher	Del Rey Books
Into the Out Of	publisher	Wildside Press
Cleopatra	publisher	Pyramid Books
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Me-teru no Kimochi	publisher	Shueisha
Assault Heroes 2	publisher	Sierra Online
Confederates in the Attic	publisher	Pantheon
The Macintosh Way	publisher	Scott, Foresman and Company
Miracles of Life	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Interdisciplinary History	publisher	MIT Press
State	publisher	Roger Woolman
Twin Eagle	publisher	Romstar
Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Kip Brothers	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Vice Versa	publisher	Edith Eyde
The Unsolved	publisher	Japan Media Programming
The Sea Serpent	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Will of an Eccentric	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Irresistible Revolution	publisher	Zondervan
Captain Antifer	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Sumire 16 sai!!	publisher	Kodansha
Mistress Branican	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Claudius Bombarnac	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Kéraban the Inflexible	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Foundling Mick	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Brown Girl in the Ring	publisher	Warner Aspect
My Soul to Keep	publisher	HarperCollins
A Cage of Eagles	publisher	Routledge
Skin Folk	publisher	Warner Aspect
Biological Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Society of Biological Psychiatry
The Flight to France	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
The Archipelago on Fire	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Iron Chef America: Supreme Cuisine	publisher	Destineer
Dragons of Summer Flame	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Iso suomen kielioppi	publisher	Finnish Literature Society
The Monster of Florence: A True Story	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
DoReMi Fantasy	publisher	Hudson Soft
Scivelation	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Midnight Robber	publisher	Warner Aspect
Mojo: Conjure Stories	publisher	Warner Aspect
Wakfu	publisher	Ankama Games
Dangerous Dave in the Haunted Mansion	publisher	Softdisk Publishing
So Long Been Dreaming	publisher	Arsenal Pulp Press
Racconti romani	publisher	Valentino Bompiani
The Cult of Alien Gods	publisher	Prometheus Books
Eager	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
BioShock 2	publisher	2
The Charlemagne Pursuit	publisher	Ballantine Books
Argonauts of the Western Pacific	publisher	London, G. Routledge & Sons; New York, E.P. Dutton & Co.
13 Little Blue Envelopes	publisher	HarperCollins
American Archivist	publisher	Society of American Archivists
%22B%22 Is for Burglar	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
%22C%22 Is for Corpse	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Prince of the Blood	publisher	Doubleday
%22M%22 Is for Malice	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
%22N%22 Is for Noose	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Dogfight	publisher	Microlab, Inc.
%22Q%22 Is for Quarry	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
%22P%22 Is for Peril	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
%22R%22 Is for Ricochet	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Long Haul	publisher	Teachers College, Columbia University
Twilight at the Well of Souls	publisher	Del Rey Books
%22S%22 Is for Silence	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
SGI Dogfight	publisher	Silicon Graphics
Broken Angels	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
%22T%22 Is for Trespass	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Dragonwings	publisher	HarperCollins; 25th edition
Brothers in Arms	publisher	Gameloft
Whispers from the Cotton Tree Root	publisher	Invisible Cities Press
Derek Jeter Pro Baseball 2008	publisher	Gameloft
Global jurist	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Along the Roaring River	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Adrenaline	publisher	Signet Books/New American Library , Plume , Alyson Books
What the Dead Know	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Brothers in Arms: Art of War	publisher	Gameloft
Curse of the Pharaoh: The Quest for Nefertiti	publisher	Big Fish Games
Dare to Be Scared	publisher	Cricket Books
Gone Fishin'	publisher	Amtex
1942: Joint Strike	publisher	Capcom
Annals of the Former World	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Paranoid Park	publisher	Viking
Spacehounds of IPC	publisher	Fantasy Press
Ripple Island	publisher	Sunsoft
Marx & Lennon	publisher	Disney Hyperion
The Yale Journal of International Law	publisher	Yale Law School
Stonehenge in its landscape	publisher	English Heritage
Don't Call Me Ishmael	publisher	Scholastic
Don't Call Me Ishmael	publisher	HarperTeen
Valkyrie Profile: Covenant of the Plume	publisher	Square Enix
Oliver VII	publisher	?
Untamed	publisher	St. Martin's
The Forbidden Garden	publisher	Fantasy Press
Hero Senki: Project Olympus	publisher	Banpresto
The Living Blood	publisher	Pocket Books
Wild Seed	publisher	Doubleday Books
The Bedford Handbook	publisher	St.Martin's
Of Worlds Beyond	publisher	Fantasy Press
X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Book of Ptath	publisher	Fantasy Press
Triplanetary	publisher	Fantasy Press
Holiday	publisher	Hutchinson
The Elected Member	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Saville	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Sinister Barrier	publisher	The World's Work, Ltd.
The Great Depression: America, 1929–1941	publisher	Times Books / Random House-Three Rivers
Tōkaidō Gojūsan-tsugi	publisher	Sunsoft
Next: The Future Just Happened	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Dexter by Design	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Embracing Defeat	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Fantastic Comics	publisher	Fox Feature Syndicate
The Meadows of Gold	publisher	Lunde & Stone: Kegan Paul International
Trip World	publisher	Sunsoft
Mr. Driller Online	publisher	Namco Bandai
Seventh Heaven	publisher	Telegraph Books
Turmoil	publisher	Bug-Byte
Skylark of Valeron	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Between	publisher	HarperCollins
DAG	publisher	PCM and KPN
The Good House	publisher	Washington Square
A Martian Odyssey and Others	publisher	Fantasy Press
Dirk Dagger and the Fallen Idol	publisher	Nokia
Seven Out of Time	publisher	Fantasy Press
Bloodchild and Other Stories	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
Bloodchild and Other Stories	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Bomberman Blast	publisher	Hudson Soft
Bomberman Blast	publisher	Nintendo
The Incredible Planet	publisher	Fantasy Press
Purple Hibiscus	publisher	Algonquin Books
Purple Hibiscus	publisher	Kachifo Limited
Purple Hibiscus	publisher	Kwani%3F Trust
Matt Hayes Fishing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Chrome Shelled Regios	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Chrome Shelled Regios	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Chrome Shelled Regios	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
M.D.	publisher	EC Comics
Figgie Hobbin	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ghost Wars	publisher	The Penguin Press
Imperial Reckoning	publisher	Henry Holt
The Coming of the King	publisher	Guild Publishing
War Stories	publisher	Vertigo
War Stories	publisher	Avatar Press
Babel	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Puppetland	publisher	Hogshead Publishing
No Way to Treat a Lady	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Kingdom Come	publisher	Fourth Estate
Charon: A Dragon at the Gate	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Useless Death	publisher	Gotham Book Mart
John Halifax, Gentleman	publisher	Hurst and Blackett
Lush Life	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Duel Love	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Scenes of Clerical Life	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
When You Are Engulfed in Flames	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
F1 Grand Prix: Nakajima Satoru	publisher	Varie
Moshimo Ashita ga Hare Naraba	publisher	Palette
Kodak	publisher	Middle Earth
Early Morning Dream	publisher	Sine nomine
The Ravenous	publisher	Black Death Books
Witt	publisher	Gotham Book Mart
Worth the Fighting For	publisher	Random House
Ha! Ha! Houdini!	publisher	Gotham Book Mart
Apex Hides the Hurt	publisher	Doubleday
Museums Journal	publisher	Museums Association
First Lensman	publisher	Fantasy Press
Warriors Orochi 2	publisher	Koei
Escape from Earth	publisher	Science Fiction Book Club
Godzilla: Monster War	publisher	Toho
Masters of Time	publisher	Fantasy Press
Premier Manager	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Jake's Tower	publisher	William Heneman Ltd
Jake's Tower	publisher	Penguin Books, Puffin Books
Fine Woodworking	publisher	Taunton Press
Zhizn' Natsional'nostei	publisher	Narkomnats
The Bridge of Light	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Cometeers	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Lord of the Rings Online: Mines of Moria	publisher	Turbine, Inc.
The Lord of the Rings Online: Mines of Moria	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Lord of the Rings Online: Mines of Moria	publisher	Codemasters
Travel Scholarships	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
F1 Circus	publisher	Nichibutsu
The Purchase of the North Pole	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Dokapon MillenniumQuest	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Subspace Explorers	publisher	Canaveral Press
Big Beach Sports	publisher	THQ
Getter Robo Hien: The Earth Suicide	publisher	Gentosha Comics
Waking the Moon	publisher	HarperCollins
The Moon Is Hell!	publisher	Fantasy Press
Weird Tales 1	publisher	Zebra Books
Weird Tales 2	publisher	Zebra Books
Weird Tales 4	publisher	Zebra Books
Weird Tales 3	publisher	Zebra Books
F-117A Stealth Fighter	publisher	MicroProse
Dreadful Sanctuary	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Lottery Ticket	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Mass Effect 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Wii Freeloader	publisher	Datel
Beyond Infinity	publisher	Fantasy Press
TiQal	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Ah Eikou No Koshien	publisher	Taito Corporation
Seeds of Life	publisher	Fantasy Press
Wits and Wagers	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Daikaijū no Gyakushū	publisher	Taito Corporation
Bloody Monday	publisher	Kodansha
Monochrome Factor	publisher	Mag Garden
Gemsweeper	publisher	Lobstersoft
Cabela's Big Game Hunter	publisher	Activision Value
Gothic II: Night of the Raven	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
The Interpersonal World of the Infant	publisher	Basic Books
Fat Chance	publisher	Random House
The Crystal Horde	publisher	Fantasy Press
I Am Here!	publisher	Kodansha
The Red Peri	publisher	Fantasy Press
Qué Pasa	publisher	Jose Isasi
The Berkut	publisher	Random House
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi	publisher	Atari
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi	publisher	Domark
Woolgathering	publisher	Hanuman Books
The Legion of Time	publisher	Fantasy Press
Early Work	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Coral Sea	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Auguries of Innocence	publisher	Ecco Press
Busou Shinki	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ninja Commando	publisher	SNK
Deluge	publisher	Cosmopolitan Book Corporation
Rohan: Blood Feud	publisher	YNK Interactive
The Promised Land	publisher	Gebethner i Wolff
Energy Victory	publisher	Prometheus Books
The Titan	publisher	Fantasy Press
Patti Smith Complete	publisher	Doubleday
Strange Messenger	publisher	Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
Second Stage Lensmen	publisher	Fantasy Press
Agent X	publisher	Mastertronic
A Woman's Liberation	publisher	Warner Aspect
Hundred-Dollar Baby	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Outcasts	publisher	DC Comics
Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Pregnancy After a Loss	publisher	Berkley Books
The Cage	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
My Country My Life	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Cross Over	publisher	Kodansha
A New Earth	publisher	Penguin
Blue Hawk	publisher	Dooyoong
King Leary	publisher	Doubleday Canada
A Matter of Profit	publisher	HarperCollins
The Black Star Passes	publisher	Fantasy Press
Man of Many Minds	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Normal Christian Life	publisher	Gospel Literature Service
Deep Space	publisher	Fantasy Press
We Ski	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes	publisher	Global Software
Tripmaster Monkey	publisher	Vintage Books USA
Saboteur II: Avenging Angel	publisher	Durell Software
Three Thousand Years	publisher	Fantasy Press
Children of the Lens	publisher	Fantasy Press
Operation: Outer Space	publisher	Fantasy Press
Valley of the Minotaur	publisher	Softalk
G.O.G. 666	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Macdermots of Ballycloran	publisher	Thomas Cautley Newby
Tyrant of Time	publisher	Fantasy Press
Outtrigger	publisher	Sega
Lost+Brain	publisher	Shogakukan
Under the Triple Suns	publisher	Fantasy Press
Alien Minds	publisher	Fantasy Press
Islands of Space	publisher	Fantasy Press
Clare Market Review	publisher	LSE Students' Union
Rugrats: All Growed-Up	publisher	THQ
The Jewbird	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
3D Bomb Alley	publisher	Software Invasion
3D Dotty	publisher	Blue Ribbon
The King's Buccaneer	publisher	Doubleday
The History of Civilization	publisher	Fantasy Press
Rocky and Bullwinkle	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Rainbow Road	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Rainbow High	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Rainbow Boys	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Song of the Sparrow	publisher	Scholastic Press
Devta	publisher	Kitaabiyat Publication
Dragons of a Fallen Sun	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dragons of a Vanished Moon	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Medici Seal	publisher	Doubleday
Ticket to Ride	publisher	Running Press
La Revue du vin de France	publisher	Marie Claire
The Heads of Cerberus	publisher	Polaris Press
Ticket to Ride	publisher	Playful Entertainment, Inc. , Days of Wonder
Kishin	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness	publisher	WaterBrook Press
The Abyss of Wonders	publisher	Polaris Press
Goblin Chronicles	publisher	Ape Entertainment
Airhead	publisher	Point
Godfrey Morgan	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Tales of Princess Mimia	publisher	Kodansha
Bunny Drop	publisher	Shodensha
Bunny Drop	publisher	Shodensha
Pawly Pets: My Animal Hospital	publisher	Ubisoft
Pawly Pets: My Animal Hospital	publisher	Focus Multimedia
Taz	publisher	Atari
Hero in the Shadows	publisher	Legend
The Ultimates 3	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Ultimates 2	publisher	Marvel Comics
Birds, Beasts, and Relatives	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Birds, Beasts, and Relatives	publisher	Viking Press
An Asian Minor	publisher	Sea Horse Press
MySims Kingdom	publisher	Electronic Arts
Alpha Protocol	publisher	Sega
Sonic Unleashed	publisher	Sega
Kung Fu Panda	publisher	Activision
Joseph and His Friend: A Story of Pennsylvania	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Indiana Jones and the Spear of Destiny	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Conversation in the Cathedral	publisher	Seix Barral, Barcelona
Otogi no Machi no Rena	publisher	Kodansha
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead: The Dirty Life and Times of Warren Zevon	publisher	Ecco Books
A Thousand Country Roads	publisher	John M. Hardy
A Little Piece of Ground	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Batman: The Cult	publisher	DC Comics
Megumi	publisher	Futabasha
Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Museum International	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Screwed: The Truth About Life as a Prison Officer	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Lost Cities	publisher	Sierra Online
Running Before the Wind	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Star Wind	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Surviving Antarctica: Reality TV 2083	publisher	HarperCollins
Conan the Defender	publisher	Tor Books
Neverwinter Nights 2: Mysteries of Westgate	publisher	Atari
Star Crusader	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Krull	publisher	Atari
Luxor 3	publisher	MumboJumbo
Skulduggery Pleasant: Playing with Fire	publisher	HarperCollins
Pax Romana	publisher	Image Comics
Asda Story	publisher	mGame
Asda Story	publisher	Play Media Group
Asda Story	publisher	GamesCampus
Asda Story	publisher	OnGame
Asda Story	publisher	nDoors
Asda Story	publisher	GamePower7
SimCity Societies: Destinations	publisher	Electronic Arts
Apocalypse	publisher	Oxford University Press
Young Liars	publisher	Vertigo
Tribal Leadership	publisher	Harper Collins
The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate	publisher	Subterranean Press
Firestar's Quest	publisher	HarperTrophy
Conan: The Mysteries of Time	publisher	Mindscape
Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi!	publisher	Takarajimasha
Arcadia	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Titanium Rain	publisher	Archaia Studios Press
Abu-san	publisher	Shogakukan
Sakshi	publisher	Jagati Publications
Od ani holeh	publisher	Hakibutz Hameuchad, Tel-Aviv
Heliopolis	publisher	Klett-Cotta
Austin Powers Collectible Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
Digger T. Rock	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Destination Earthstar	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The New-England Courant	publisher	James Franklin
Grand Chase	publisher	Netmarble, Asiasoft, Nexon, Gamania, SG Interactive, Level Up! Games, Megaxus, Kill3rCombo, Axeso5
The Black Death	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Good Husband of Zebra Drive	publisher	Polygon Books
My Animal Centre in Africa	publisher	Koch Media
Verytex	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Task Force Harrier EX	publisher	Treco
MySims Party	publisher	Electronic Arts
Magical Melons	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The House of the Toad	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Hospitality Review	publisher	Florida International University School of Hospitality & Tourism Management
Sweet William	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Sweet William	publisher	George Braziller
The Miracle at Speedy Motors	publisher	Little, Brown
100 Greatest African Americans	publisher	Prometheus Books
81diver	publisher	Shueisha
50 Cent: Blood on the Sand	publisher	THQ
The Oxford Book of Modern Science Writing	publisher	Oxford University Press
Outpost	publisher	TimJim Games
Powerball	publisher	Namco
The Exploits of Solar Pons	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Early Fears	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Kishin Corps	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
Kishin Corps	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke	publisher	Angus & Robertson
SRD: Super Real Darwin	publisher	Data East
Shadow Forest	publisher	The Bodley Head
Ottoline and the Yellow Cat	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Catcall	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
When a Monster is Born	publisher	Orchard Books
Ivan the Terrible	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Simon the Sorcerer 3D	publisher	Adventure Soft
Penguin	publisher	Walker Books
Little Mouse's Big Book of Fears	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Dexter Bexley and the Big Blue Beastie	publisher	Doubleday
The Waterworks	publisher	Random House
Sigma Harmonics	publisher	Square Enix
Going Loco	publisher	Profile Books Ltd
Shanghai Baby	publisher	Robinson Publishing UK
Shadows over Innsmouth	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Stoneheart	publisher	Hodder Headline
Change of Heart	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Accidental	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Death Stalks the Night	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Monster Madness: Grave Danger	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Code Lyoko: Fall of X.A.N.A.	publisher	The Game Factory
Daughter of the Forest	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia
The Animal Family	publisher	Harper & Row
Saving Faith	publisher	Warner Books
Saving Faith	publisher	Simon & Schuster
World in Conflict: Soviet Assault	publisher	Ubisoft
The Kampung Boy	publisher	Berita Publishing
Blood Bowl	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Counterknowledge	publisher	Atlantic Books
Mobile Suit Gundam: Blue Destiny	publisher	Kodansha
Doctor Ox	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet	publisher	Fourth Estate
The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Son of the Shadows	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Chicago	publisher	Shogakukan
Child of the Prophecy	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Recollections of Solar Pons	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Hyakko	publisher	Flex Comix
Arcade Classics	publisher	Sega
Loitering with Intent	publisher	Bodley Head
Loitering with Intent	publisher	Coward-McCann
A Philip Roth Reader	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Economy of God	publisher	Living Stream Ministry
Fate of Hellas	publisher	JoWood
Fate of Hellas	publisher	Russobit-M
DoDonPachi DaiFukkatsu	publisher	Cave
Citizen Power	publisher	Authorhouse
Little Nicky	publisher	Ubisoft
Spider-Man Animated Series	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Spider-Man Animated Series	publisher	LJN
Spider-Man	publisher	Parker Brothers
Übel Blatt	publisher	Square Enix
I Hate You More than Anyone	publisher	Hakusensha
Prador Moon	publisher	Night Shade Books
Power Rangers Time Force	publisher	THQ
Demon Sacred	publisher	Hakusensha
Power Rangers Ninja Storm	publisher	THQ
Power Rangers Dino Thunder	publisher	THQ
Power Rangers S.P.D.	publisher	THQ
Two Flowers for the Dragon	publisher	Hakusensha
Loyola Consumer Law Review	publisher	Loyola University Chicago School of Law
Love & Sleep	publisher	Bantam Books
The World's Number One, Flat-Out, All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book	publisher	Down Home Press
Lady Victorian	publisher	Akita Shoten
Change 123	publisher	Akita Shoten
Mundial de Fútbol	publisher	Opera Soft
Marrying Buddha	publisher	Robinson Publishing UK
The Grape Escape	publisher	Parker Brothers
Isolated Warrior	publisher	VAP
Isolated Warrior	publisher	NTVIC
Getting Bi	publisher	Bisexual Resource Center
Three Tales	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Time Burial	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Berlin: The Downfall 1945	publisher	Viking Press, Penguin Books
Finding the Fox	publisher	Oxford University Press
Liverpool	publisher	GrandSlam Entertainment
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II	publisher	Sega
Initiation Into Hermetics	publisher	Merkur Publishing Company
Before…12:01…and After	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Shade: Wrath of Angels	publisher	Cenega Publishing
Shade: Wrath of Angels	publisher	Tri Synergy
Fish: A Memoir of a Boy in a Man's Prison	publisher	Da Capo Press
The Last Pin	publisher	F & B Mystery
Flight of the Nighthawks	publisher	Voyager Books
Wrath of a Mad God	publisher	HarperVoyager
Zektor	publisher	Sega
Zektor	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Elder Evils	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Kali's Child	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Philippine Law Journal	publisher	University of the Philippines College of Law
Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging	publisher	Piccadilly Press
The Daily Guardian	publisher	Lemuel Fernandez
Saith the Lord	publisher	F & B Mystery
Don't Dream	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Saturdays	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
The Door Below	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Vampire Stories of R. Chetwynd-Hayes	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Enchantress of Florence	publisher	Random House
Exorcisms and Ecstasies	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Gear Antique	publisher	Tsukuda Hobby
Gear Antique	publisher	Game Field
Sputnik Caledonia	publisher	Picador
The Lewis Flyer	publisher	Lewis University
The Lewis Flyer	publisher	College of Arts and Sciences
Pokémate	publisher	Nintendo
Rewrite	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Oha Suta Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami
Sri Sri Ramakrishna Kathamrita	publisher	Kathamrita Bhavan
The Sand Dwellers	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Dragon's Earth	publisher	Human Entertainment
Fight Klub	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
A Prisoner of Birth	publisher	Macmillan
A Prisoner of Birth	publisher	St Martin's Press
Cocker's Arithmetick	publisher	London
Whispers in the Night	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
A Contract with the Earth	publisher	2007
Dread Mountain	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Evil Genes	publisher	Prometheus Books
Letters of Jonathan Oldstyle, Gent.	publisher	Morning Chronicle
Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare	publisher	D.E. Cunningham & Co.
The Sister of the South	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Atlanta History	publisher	Atlanta History Center
Isle of the Dead	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dragon's Nest	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Isle of Illusion	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Grand Theft Jesus	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Star Wars	publisher	Namco
The Castaways of the Flag	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Mister Slime	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Starwinder	publisher	Mindscape
Starwinder	publisher	J-Wing
This Bridge Called My Back	publisher	Persephone Press
Armageddon in Retrospect	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Bluejacket's Manual	publisher	United States Naval Institute Press
Dark Detectives	publisher	F & B Mystery
Kingsblood Royal	publisher	Random House
America's Health Care Crisis Solved	publisher	Wiley Publishing
Sharaku	publisher	Kodansha
Merlin Effect	publisher	Ace Books
Demon	publisher	Rock-Ola
Bottled in Blonde	publisher	F & B Mystery
QB-3	publisher	Rock-Ola
Cosmic Chasm	publisher	Cinematronics
Dark Earth	publisher	MicroProse
Solar Quest	publisher	Cinematronics
Damnation	publisher	Codemasters
Klingsor's Last Summer	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Frost	publisher	F & B Mystery
The Logic of Life	publisher	Random House
The Logic of Life	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Big Bang Mini	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X	publisher	Ubisoft
Death of a Gossip	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Pacific Science	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Three Mysteries	publisher	F & B Mystery
The Eerie Mr. Murphy	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Oxford Companion to Wine	publisher	Oxford University Press
Environmental Values	publisher	White Horse Press
War of the Worlds	publisher	Cinematronics
Tail Gunner	publisher	Vectorbeam
Speed Freak	publisher	Vectorbeam
Tom Swift and His Sky Racer	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
Ally	publisher	HarperCollins
Tom Swift in the City of Gold	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Judge	publisher	HarperCollins
Fireborn	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Obedience to Authority: An Experimental View	publisher	Harper & Row
Rear Guard	publisher	Adventure International
The Deadly Streets	publisher	Ace Books
Tom Swift and His Air Glider	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
A Foreign Policy of Freedom	publisher	Foundation for Rational Economics and Education
Linger in Shadows	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
TalesWeaver	publisher	Nexon
Oceanic Linguistics	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Get Out of My Sky	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
The Getting of Wisdom	publisher	Heinemann, UK; Duffield, USA
To the Islands	publisher	Macdonald & Co.
To the Islands	publisher	Penguin Books
The Big Fellow	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
The Irishman	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
The Well Dressed Explorer	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Eliminator	publisher	Sega
Jupiter Strike	publisher	Taito Corporation
Jupiter Strike	publisher	GameBank
Jupiter Strike	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Tom Swift in Captivity	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Procession of the Dead	publisher	Harper Collins
Biology for Christian Schools	publisher	Bob Jones University Press
The Melting of Maggie Bean	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The Cupboard Under the Stairs	publisher	Cassell, Australia
Careful, He Might Hear You	publisher	Harper and Row, USA
Tom Swift and His Wizard Camera	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Asian Perspectives	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Wrestle Kingdom 2	publisher	Yuke's
Asian Theatre Journal	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Philosophy East and West	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Off-World Interceptor	publisher	Crystal Dynamics
The Slow Natives	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Hopi Dictionary: Hopìikwa Lavàytutuveni	publisher	University of Arizona Press
Mahōtsukai no Yoru	publisher	Type-Moon
Owls to Athens	publisher	Forge Books
Extraterrestrial Civilizations	publisher	Crown
Aavarana	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara, Balepet, Bangalore.
Worse Things Waiting	publisher	Carcosa
Frostbite	publisher	Razorbill
Tim the Tiny Horse	publisher	Faber and Faber
Switchers	publisher	Aran Press
Far Lands, Other Days	publisher	Carcosa
TIM Defender of the Earth	publisher	Doubleday
Murgunstrumm and Others	publisher	Carcosa
Trap	publisher	Cassell, Australia
Cloak & Dagger	publisher	Atari
Mobile Suit Gundam: Gundam vs. Gundam	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Bring Larks and Heroes	publisher	Cassell, Australia
Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters	publisher	DC Comics
The Girls of Slender Means	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Girls of Slender Means	publisher	Macmillan
Buckskin Brigades	publisher	Macaulay
Journal of Vision	publisher	Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology
Rough Justice	publisher	Putnam Adult
Glamour Girl	publisher	Ebury Press
The Janissary Tree	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Janissary Tree	publisher	Farrar Straus and Giroux
An Episode of Sparrows	publisher	Viking Books
An Episode of Sparrows	publisher	Macmillan
Blart III: The Boy Who Set Sail on a Questionable Quest	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Lonely Vigils	publisher	Carcosa
Last Bus to Woodstock	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Revelation	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Star Wars: Racer Arcade	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: Racer Arcade	publisher	Sega
Three Cheers for the Paraclete	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
The Eudaemonic Pie	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Waltz Invention	publisher	Phaedra Inc.
Uno Free Fall	publisher	Player X
Uno Free Fall	publisher	DSI Games
Uno Free Fall	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Tom Swift and His Great Searchlight	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Skinny	publisher	HarperCollins
The Quantity Theory of Insanity	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Mr. Nutz	publisher	Ocean
Assassin	publisher	Team17
Liane the Wayfarer	publisher	Hillman Periodicals
Fighting Steel	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa%3F	publisher	Carmelo & Bauermann
Celia en el mundo	publisher	Manuel Aguilar
Celia en el mundo	publisher	Alianza Editorial
Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Shame the Devil	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Boy Wonder	publisher	New American Library
Chaos;Head	publisher	Nitroplus
Grey Area	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2	publisher	Atlus
Ordinary Heroes	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
The Burden of Proof	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Clean Straw for Nothing	publisher	Collins, Australia
War and Decision	publisher	HarperCollins
Bobby is Going Home	publisher	CCE Games
Slam	publisher	Puffin Books
Slam	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Historical Journal	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Sweet Smell of Psychosis	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
One L	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Pleading Guilty	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
The Laws of Our Fathers	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Reversible Errors	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Shueisha
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Kodansha
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Goma Books
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Koike Shoin
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
Harenchi Gakuen	publisher	Gakken
Mr. Nutz: Hoppin' Mad	publisher	Ocean Software
Personal Injuries	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Limitations	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Ultimate Punishment	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Vindicated	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
A Posse of Princesses	publisher	YA Angst
Tales of a Traveller	publisher	John Murray
Tales of a Traveller	publisher	Carey & Lea
Ermita	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc.
Visions of Sugar Plums	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Here Comes Everybody	publisher	Penguin Group
Crisis in the Built Environment	publisher	Concept Media Pte Ltd./Aga Khan Trust for Culture
The Last Lecture	publisher	Hyperion
Last of the Duanes	publisher	Five Star
Super Crunchers	publisher	Bantam Books
Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth	publisher	Capcom
The Harpole Report	publisher	Secker and Warburg
Amon: The Darkside of The Devilman	publisher	Kodansha
The Republic of Wine	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Advances in Therapy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Hello Sailor	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson ; Futura Publications
Parenting, Inc.	publisher	Times Books
Pathologica	publisher	Società Anatomo Patologi Ospedalieri Italiani
The DoG Street Journal	publisher	The College of William & Mary
Scientometrics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry	publisher	BMJ Group
A Blueprint for Survival	publisher	Ecosystems Ltd.
Rhode Island on Lovecraft	publisher	Grant-Hadley Enterprises
Rocket Riot	publisher	Codeglue, THQ
The Time Stream	publisher	The Buffalo Book Company
Drops of God	publisher	Kodansha
Drops of God	publisher	Kodansha
BUMP	publisher	Fangoria Comics
BUMP	publisher	The Scream Factory
My Horse and Me	publisher	Atari
Mortal Online	publisher	Star Vault
Jam with the Band	publisher	Nintendo
L'isola di Arturo	publisher	Giulio Einaudi Editore
The Mightiest Machine	publisher	The Hadley Publishing Co.
Journal of Communication	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Final Blackout	publisher	The Hadley Publishing Co.
Felix and the Fruit Monsters	publisher	Micro Power
Smuggler's Moon	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Description of Britain	publisher	Ludolph Henrich Lillie
The Loch	publisher	Tor Books
Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People	publisher	Telltale Games
Robert Kurtzman's Beneath The Valley of The Rage	publisher	Fangoria Comics
Robert Kurtzman's Beneath The Valley of The Rage	publisher	The Scream Factory
Dee Snider's Strangeland: Seven Sins	publisher	Fangoria Comics
Dee Snider's Strangeland: Seven Sins	publisher	The Scream Factory
G.R.A.V.E. Grrrls	publisher	Midnight Show
G.R.A.V.E. Grrrls	publisher	The Scream Factory
Death Walks the Streets	publisher	The Scream Factory
Blassreiter	publisher	Akita Shoten
Blassreiter	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Journal & The 114th, 1861 to 1865	publisher	Phillips Brothers, Inc.
Sand Storm	publisher	MVP Software
Sand Storm	publisher	Personal Companion Software
Okojo-san	publisher	Hakusensha
Moon	publisher	Renegade Kid
My Brother, My Executioner	publisher	Solidarid Publishing House, Inc.
The American Statistician	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Statistical Association
The World Is Full of Married Men	publisher	W. H. Allen
360	publisher	Imagine Publishing
Murder House	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The Stud	publisher	Virgin Books
A Peculiar People	publisher	InterVarsity Press
Greasy Lake & Other Stories	publisher	Viking Press
Tales of Zorro	publisher	Moonstone Books
Indiana Jones and the Tomb of the Gods	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Ice Age	publisher	Ubisoft
The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna	publisher	Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center
The Journal of Life Sciences	publisher	G. Steven Burrill
The Journal of Life Sciences	publisher	David Gollaher
Julian: A Christmas Story	publisher	PS Publishing
Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard%3F	publisher	Les Lettres Nouvelles
Dead Eyes	publisher	2000
Sunday Simmons & Charlie Brick	publisher	Virgin Books
Current Trends in Biotechnology and Pharmacy	publisher	Association of Biotechnology and Pharmacy
01	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Tower of Druaga	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Blood Shot	publisher	Delacorte Press
Stonehenge	publisher	HarperCollins
The Great Man	publisher	Doubleday
Midnight's Choice	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Mislaid Charm	publisher	Prime Press
Identical	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Venus Equilateral	publisher	Prime Press
Nijū Mensō no Musume	publisher	Media Factory
Inequality by Design	publisher	Princeton University Press
Gilgamesh	publisher	Grove Press
The World Is Full of Divorced Women	publisher	Virgin Books
The Good Parents	publisher	Vintage Books
Taboo	publisher	Spiderbaby Grafix & Publications
Taboo	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Wild Blood	publisher	The Bodley Head
Beaches	publisher	Bantam Books
The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789–1848	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789–1848	publisher	World Publishing Company
The Home Computer Course	publisher	Orbis Publishing
The Home Computer Advanced Course	publisher	Orbis Publishing
Joe Pitt Casebooks	publisher	Ballantine
Equality; or, A History of Lithconia	publisher	Liberal Union
Australian Guide to Legal Citation	publisher	Melbourne University Law Review Association and Melbourne Journal of International Law
Adelaide Law Review	publisher	University of Adelaide Press
Piano no Mori	publisher	Kodansha
Daniel's Story	publisher	Daniel Weiss Associates
The Horror Book	publisher	Image Comics
The Unexpected Guest	publisher	Harper Collins
Spider's Web	publisher	HarperCollins
Renewable Agriculture and Food Systems	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Lëtzebuerger Journal	publisher	Imprimerie Centrale
The World God Only Knows	publisher	Shogakukan
The World God Only Knows	publisher	Shogakukan
PuLiRuLa	publisher	Taito
Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia	publisher	Konami
The Battle of Pollocks Crossing	publisher	Viking Penguin
Kurozakuro	publisher	Shogakukan
Jedi Knights Trading Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
European Political Science	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan in association with the European Consortium for Political Research
Which Witch%3F	publisher	Macmillan
A-Rank Thunder Tanjouhen	publisher	Telenet
Young Jedi Collectible Card Game	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
The Spare Room	publisher	Text Publishing
Toy Golf	publisher	Fathammer
Toy Golf	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Hockey Rage 2005	publisher	Fathammer
Gizmondo Motocross 2005	publisher	Fathammer
Pocket Ping Pong 2005	publisher	Gizmondo Studios
Point of Destruction	publisher	Gizmondo Studios
Superman: At Earth's End	publisher	DC Comics
Pop	publisher	Nnooo
Castle of Deceit	publisher	Bunch Games
WarGames: Defcon 1	publisher	MGM Interactive
WarGames: Defcon 1	publisher	Electronic Arts
Women En Large	publisher	Books in Focus
Three Hundred Years Hence	publisher	Prime Press
The Journal of Ethics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Finishing School	publisher	Viking Press
The Finishing School	publisher	Doubleday
European Journal of International Relations	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Standing Group of International Relations of the European Consortium for Political Research
West European Politics	publisher	Routledge
Salmagundi	publisher	David Longworth
European Journal of Political Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Suffrage of Elvira	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Perspectives on Politics	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the American Political Science Association
Shōjo Sect	publisher	Core Magazine
Intron Depot 1	publisher	Seishinsha
Without Sorcery	publisher	Prime Press
Indian Killer	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Dive!!	publisher	Kodansha
Dive!!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dive!!	publisher	Bliss
Dive!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2	publisher	Activision
The Sims 2: Apartment Life	publisher	Electronic Arts
On	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
A Season in Sinji	publisher	Alan Ross
Bugaboo	publisher	Quicksilva
Lady!!	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Torch	publisher	Prime Press
Development	publisher	The Company of Biologists
War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know	publisher	Context Books
Journal of Cell Science	publisher	The Company of Biologists
Journal of Technology Law & Policy	publisher	University of Florida Levin College of Law
The Oblivion Society	publisher	Permuted Press
The Innocent Mage	publisher	HarperCollins
Empress of Mijak	publisher	HarperCollins
The Homunculus	publisher	Prime Press
Lords of Creation	publisher	Prime Press
Exiles of Time	publisher	Prime Press
Grand Theft Childhood	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Spider-Man: Web of Shadows	publisher	Activision
The Eternal Conflict	publisher	Prime Press
Po-on	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc. , Random House, Inc. , De La Salle University Press , Fayard
The Riven Kingdom	publisher	HarperCollins
The Conduit	publisher	Nintendo
The Conduit	publisher	Sega
The Conduit	publisher	Android
The Conduit	publisher	High Voltage Software
The Fairy-tale Detectives	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
Yagami-kun no Katei no Jijō	publisher	Shogakukan
DC Graphic Novel	publisher	DC Comics
The Angel's Game	publisher	Planeta Group
The Angel's Game	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Nomad	publisher	Prime Press
The Lady Decides	publisher	Prime Press
Canadian International Council	publisher	Sage Publications
The Unusual Suspects	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
BeanoMAX	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd.
Cultural depictions of Matthew Shepard	publisher	Hudson Street Press
The Problem Child	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
The Blind Spot	publisher	Prime Press
American Beauty	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Where Are You Now%3F	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Signs of Life	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
I'm a Born Liar	publisher	Harry N. Abrams
Akikan!	publisher	Shueisha
Darker	publisher	Psygnosis
L.A. Record	publisher	YBX Media Inc
Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim	publisher	1
Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
What Hetty Did	publisher	The Quince Tree Press
Harpole & Foxberrow General Publishers	publisher	The Quince Tree Press
How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the F.A. Cup	publisher	London Magazine Editions
Aliens	publisher	Konami
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe	publisher	Midway Games
Online Pro Wrestling	publisher	Yuke's
Naisho no Tsubomi	publisher	Shogakukan
A Slight Demonstration	publisher	Legacy Books & Letters
Black Sigil: Blade of the Exiled	publisher	Graffiti Entertainment
Airport Mania	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment, Lemon Games
The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature	publisher	Viking Books
The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature	publisher	Harper Perennial
Blazer Drive	publisher	Kodansha
Nature Genetics	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Journal of Heredity	publisher	Oxford University Press for the American Genetic Association
Prayers for Rain	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Journal of Evolutionary Biology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Society for Evolutionary Biology
Speed Racer	publisher	Jaleco
Speed Racer	publisher	Tomy
Nakajima Satoru Kanshū F1 Super License	publisher	Varie
Scooby-Doo Mystery	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Scooby-Doo Mystery	publisher	Sunsoft
Speed Racer in My Most Dangerous Adventures	publisher	Accolade
Speed Racer in The Challenge of Racer X	publisher	Accolade
Leviathan	publisher	Viking Press
Bullet	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd
Siren: Blood Curse	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Days of Infamy series	publisher	New American Library
Battlezone	publisher	Atari, Inc
Pushing the Bear	publisher	Harvest American Writing, Harcourt, Inc.
Acta Oncologica	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Rocky	publisher	Sega
A Horse of Air	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
The Nemesis of Faith	publisher	John Chapman
An Experiment in Treason	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Scarlet Weather Rhapsody	publisher	Twilight Frontier
The Assassini	publisher	Bantam Books
The Journal of Experimental Biology	publisher	Company of Biologists
Rebuilding Coventry	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Belladonna	publisher	Roc Books
Acrojet	publisher	U.S. Gold
On Gold Mountain	publisher	St. Martins Press
The Checklist of Fantastic Literature	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Who Goes There%3F	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Overclocked: A History of Violence	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Brave Shot	publisher	Square Enix
Slaves of Sleep	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Piauí	publisher	Editora Alvinegra
The World Below	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The World Below	publisher	Longman
Nature India	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Unknown Industrial Prisoner	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
Sidewise in Time	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Heath Ledger: His Beautiful Life and Mysterious Death	publisher	John Blake Publishing Ltd
Kinsmen of the Dragon	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Hyde & Closer	publisher	Shogakukan
Private Angelo	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Kawasaki Snowmobiles	publisher	Destineer
Kawasaki Jet Ski	publisher	Bold Games
Miramar	publisher	Doubleday
Marvel Apes	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism	publisher	SAGE Publications
Space on My Hands	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Cloak of Aesir	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Speed Racer	publisher	Namco
Nancy Drew: The Phantom of Venice	publisher	Her Interactive
Flash Hiders	publisher	Right Stuff
Flash Hiders	publisher	Right Stuff
The Continuing Revolution	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Speed Racer: The Videogame	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Speed Racer: The Videogame	publisher	Glu Mobile
Crooked Zebra	publisher	AuthorHouse
Maniattemasu	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Bournemouth Daily Echo	publisher	Newsquest
LostWinds	publisher	Frontier Developments
Brethren	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
BloodStorm	publisher	Strata
Tribbles	publisher	Decipher Inc.
Tokyo Tribe	publisher	JICC Shuppankyoku
Tokyo Tribe	publisher	Bijutsu Shuppansha
Tokyo Tribe	publisher	Shueisha
Space Platform	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Murder in Millennium VI	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Warrior's Return	publisher	HarperCollins and TokyoPop
Conversational Capital	publisher	Pearson Education
Space Tug	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Science Fiction Carnival	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Son of Scarface	publisher	New Era
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fox Tales	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Roxy's Baby	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Empire of the Atom	publisher	Shasta Publishers
Ax Battler: A Legend of Golden Axe	publisher	Sega
The Fall of Colossus	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Sands of Destruction	publisher	Sega
Sands of Destruction	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Kudos	publisher	Positech Games
Kudos: Rock Legend	publisher	Positech Games
Flower Net	publisher	HarperCollins
Goddess of Yesterday	publisher	Delacorte Press
NASL Soccer	publisher	Mattel
Where's Wally%3F The Fantastic Journey	publisher	UK: Walker Books; US: Little Brown & Co then Candlewick Press
Where's Wally Now%3F	publisher	UK: Walker Books; US: Little Brown & Co first, then Candlewick Press
Black Notice	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Song of the Saurials	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Earthworm Jim 4	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Castlevania Judgment	publisher	Konami
History of Chaotic Trading Card Game	publisher	Apex Marketing, Inc.
Ramba	publisher	Eros Comix
The General of the Dead Army	publisher	Sh.B. Naim Frashëri
The Siege	publisher	Sh.B. Naim Frashëri
Chronicle in Stone	publisher	Canongate Books
Chronicle in Stone	publisher	Sh.B. Onufri
Stormwatch: Post Human Division	publisher	Wildstorm
Pizzazz	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dream Brother: The Lives and Music of Jeff and Tim Buckley	publisher	HarperCollins
My Bonny Light Horseman	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Zoombies: Animales de la Muerte	publisher	MTV Games
Kokoku Hihyo	publisher	Madra Publishing
Lock and Key	publisher	Viking
 The White Sybil	publisher	Fantasy Publications
Rugrats: Search for Reptar	publisher	THQ
Tom and Jerry in War of the Whiskers	publisher	NewKidCo
Tom and Jerry in War of the Whiskers	publisher	Ubisoft
Mars Mountain	publisher	Fantasy Publications
The Creator	publisher	Fantasy Publications
Beatmania IIDX	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Yamamoto Zenjirou to Moushimasu	publisher	Shueisha
Beatmania IIDX 15: DJ Troopers	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Anekdote zur Senkung der Arbeitsmoral	publisher	Norddeutscher Rundfunk
Political Communication	publisher	Routledge for the Political Communications divisions of APSA and the ICA
The Great American Baseball Card Flipping, Trading and Bubble Gum Book	publisher	Seamhead Press
Requital	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
Wildstorm: Revelations	publisher	Wildstorm
Number of the Beast	publisher	Wildstorm
Family Table Tennis	publisher	Aksys Games
A Many-Splendoured Thing	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Behind the Evidence	publisher	Visionary Publishing Company
The Political Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Garden of Fear and Other Stories	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Line War	publisher	Tor Books
Initiate's Trial	publisher	
The Silent World: A Story of Undersea Discovery and Adventure	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Buddhist–Christian Studies	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Korean Studies	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Mega Man Star Force 3	publisher	Capcom
Centurion	publisher	Headline
Journal of Semitic Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Fearless Fourteen	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Bulletin of the American Astronomical Society	publisher	American Astronomical Society
The Interior	publisher	HarperCollins
Daddy	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Single Man	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Eastern Origins of Western Civilisation	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The SimCity Box	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Night People	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Dance Dance Revolution DVD Game	publisher	Imagination Games
Out of the Unknown	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Quarterly Review of Wines	publisher	Richard L. Elia
Puppy Luv	publisher	Activision
Puppy Luv	publisher	Gogii Games
Against All Things Ending	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Last Dark	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Conan the Formidable	publisher	Tor Books
Ex Zeus	publisher	HyperDevbox Japan
Ex Zeus	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Ex Zeus	publisher	505 Games
Ex Zeus	publisher	Metro3D, Inc.
PS, The Preventive Maintenance Monthly	publisher	Department of the Army
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married	publisher	Poolpeg
Brasyl	publisher	Pyr
Encyclopedia of Korean Culture	publisher	DongBang Media Co.
High School Musical 2: Work This Out!	publisher	Disney Interactive
Toy Shop	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Toy Shop	publisher	Codemasters
Doosan Encyclopedia	publisher	Doosan Group
Wicked Lovely	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of Harper Collins
Spider-Man and Zoids	publisher	Marvel UK
Keeping the Moon	publisher	Julia MacRae Books
A Fraction of the Whole	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, Australia
The Sunken World	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Short Trips: Transmissions	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Death's Deputy	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Street Fighter EX3	publisher	Capcom
The Underdog	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Radio Man	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Details of a Sunset and Other Stories	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Otterbury Incident	publisher	Putnam & Company
The Otterbury Incident	publisher	Viking Press
The Works of M. P. Shiel	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Dragon Bones	publisher	Random House, Inc.
The Cosmic Geoids and One Other	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Kingslayer	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
War of the Rats	publisher	Bantam Books
Best Life	publisher	Rodale Press
Planets of Adventure	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
An Expert in Murder	publisher	Faber and Faber
Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers	publisher	Farrar Straus, New York; HarperCollins, Canada
My Beautiful Mommy	publisher	Big Tent Books
Murder Madness	publisher	Brewer and Warren
Decline of the English Murder	publisher	Penguin Books
The Radium Pool	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Rayman Raving Rabbids: TV Party	publisher	Ubisoft
London Film Location Guide	publisher	Batsford
American Journal of International Law	publisher	American Society of International Law
El Arsenal	publisher	Arcana Studios
In Solitary Witness	publisher	Henry Holt & Co
Etrian Odyssey II: Heroes of Lagaard	publisher	Atlus
Loss and Gain	publisher	Burns & Oates
Triton	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Worlds of Wonder	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
A Tale of the Ragged Mountains	publisher	Louis Antoine Godey
The Stellar Missiles	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Imperial Bedrooms	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Wolf Island	publisher	HarperCollins
Ivan's Appeal	publisher	Stamford House Publishing
Prince of Persia	publisher	Ubisoft
La Boîte à merveilles	publisher	Editions du Seuil
Space Empires: Starfury	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Shaberu! DS Oryōri Navi	publisher	Nintendo
Shaberu! DS Oryōri Navi	publisher	Sharp Corporation
Gilda Joyce: Psychic Investigator	publisher	Dutton Children's Books
Her Majesty's Dog	publisher	Akita Shoten
Acta Biochimica et Biophysica Sinica	publisher	Oxford Journals
Encyclopedia of Serbian Historiography	publisher	Knowledge
Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sea Life Safari	publisher	Sierra Online
The Widows of Eastwick	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Widows of Eastwick	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Azincourt	publisher	HarperCollins
The Rat Race	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
After 12,000 Years	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra	publisher	Shadow Mountain
The Omnibus of Time	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Tom Swift and His Aerial Warship	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Mountain Meadows Massacre	publisher	University of Oklahoma Press
Blood of the Prophets	publisher	University of Oklahoma Press
The Dark Other	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Hidden Universe	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Toymaker	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Doorways to Space	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
On Food and Cooking	publisher	Scribner U.S.
On Food and Cooking	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton UK
The Iron Star	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Superman	publisher	Atari
Stronghold: Crusader Extreme	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
Kyūkyoku!! Hentai Kamen	publisher	Shūeisha
The Silver Cloud Café	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Biography	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Tecmo Bowl: Kickoff	publisher	Tecmo
The Atom Clock	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Measuring the Mind	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Camas	publisher	Camas
Camas	publisher	University of Montana
Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Run Before the Wind	publisher	Norton ; Avon ; Signet
Deep Lie	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Drome	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Grass Roots	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Chiefs	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Green Fire	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Steampunk	publisher	Tachyon Publications
The Planet of Youth	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Deliver Us from Evil: Defeating Terrorism, Despotism, and Liberalism	publisher	HarperCollins
The Beautiful Room Is Empty	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Max Brand: The Man and His Work	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Science-Fantasy Quintette	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
From Death to the Stars	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Bulletin	publisher	Thomas G. Rice
Fantasy Twin	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Manoa	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification	publisher	Royal Commission on Genetic Modification
Gandhi Under Cross Examination	publisher	Sovereign Star Publishing, Inc
The Farewell Symphony	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Reset Generation	publisher	Nokia
ONE	publisher	Nokia
A.D.: New Orleans After the Deluge	publisher	Smith Magazine
A.D.: New Orleans After the Deluge	publisher	Pantheon Books
Quadratic	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Strange Worlds	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Blood Red, Snow White	publisher	Orion Books
Gyrostarr	publisher	High Voltage Software
Flowers for Algernon	publisher	Harcourt
Always	publisher	Dell Magazines
The High King's Tomb	publisher	DAW Books
An Inconvenient Truth	publisher	Rodale Press
Fossil Fighters	publisher	Nintendo
Fields of Fire	publisher	Bantam Books
Memoirs of Mr. Hempher, The British Spy to the Middle East	publisher	Waqf Ikhlas Publications
Volfoss	publisher	Namco
Nanashi no Game	publisher	Square Enix
Atlas of the British Flora	publisher	Botanical Society of the British Isles
The Run	publisher	HarperCollins
Capital Crimes	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Dirt	publisher	HarperCollins; HarperTorch ; Harper Premium
My Brother, My Sister, and I	publisher	Simon & Schuster
And the Rain My Drink	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Tea Moderna	publisher	Planet Press
Subtrade	publisher	Boeder Software
Science and Sorcery	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Stardrift and Other Fantastic Flotsam	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Miwin's dice	publisher	Buecher.html
Goody	publisher	Opera Soft
Clinical Toxicology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
The Island of the Colorblind	publisher	A.A. Knopf
Island of Exiles	publisher	Penguin Group
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Three Days in Europe	publisher	Oni Press
Splatterhouse	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Atlantean Chronicles	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Phoenix Project: Shifting from Oil to Hydrogen	publisher	Sustainable Partners Inc
Unwed Mother	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Garan the Eternal	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Reflections in Bullough's Pond	publisher	University Press of New England
Griffin Science-Fantasy Booklet Number One	publisher	Griffin Publishing Company
People of the Comet	publisher	Griffin Publishing Company
The Machine God Laughs	publisher	Griffin Publishing Company
The Moon Maiden	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
Index to Fantasy and Science Fiction in Munsey Publications	publisher	Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc.
The Middle Moffat	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
Rufus M.	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
The Acolyte	publisher	Angus and Robertson
All Marketers Are Liars	publisher	Penguin Group
The Ash Garden	publisher	HarperCollins
The Ash Garden	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Ash Garden	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Amazones d'Hier, Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui	publisher	Louise Turcotte
Amazones d'Hier, Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui	publisher	Danielle Charest
Amazones d'Hier, Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui	publisher	Genette Bergeron
Amazones d'Hier, Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui	publisher	Ariane Brunet
Against Civilization	publisher	Feral House
Odd and the Frost Giants	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
The Journal of Physiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society
Blood Sucker	publisher	Gentosha
Top Trumps Adventures	publisher	Ubisoft
Total Eclipse	publisher	Crystal Dynamics
The Public Image	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Public Image	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Blood, Tears and Folly	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Post-American World	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Indignation	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Blood Knight	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Born Queen	publisher	Del Rey Books
WWE Legends of WrestleMania	publisher	THQ
Answer to History	publisher	Stein & Day Pub
The Diamond of Darkhold	publisher	Random House
The Diamond of Darkhold	publisher	Yearling Books
It's Not Easy Being a Bunny	publisher	Random House
La Rabouilleuse	publisher	Furne
Too Loud a Solitude	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Hyper Battle Game: Zen Nihon GT Senshuken	publisher	Kaneko
Hyper Battle Game: Zen Nihon GT Senshuken	publisher	Banpresto
The Port of Peril	publisher	The Grandon Company
The Fiftieth Gate	publisher	HarperCollins
Dwellers in the Mirage	publisher	Horace Liveright
Sarge	publisher	Bally Midway
A Tale Etched in Blood and Hard Black Pencil	publisher	Little Brown, London
Synthese	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Theory of Island Biogeography	publisher	Princeton University Press
Doubt	publisher	Square Enix
Book Girl	publisher	Enterbrain
Book Girl	publisher	Square Enix
Book Girl	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dash Galaxy in the Alien Asylum	publisher	Data East
Drawn to Life: SpongeBob SquarePants Edition	publisher	Play THQ
Peak	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Gridrunner	publisher	HESware
Gridrunner	publisher	Quicksilva
The Mango Tree	publisher	Collins, Australia
The Lord of the Rings: Conquest	publisher	Electronic Arts
Lüdenscheider Nachrichten	publisher	Dirk Ippen
The Return of Tharn	publisher	The Grandon Company
Acta Astronautica	publisher	Elsevier
The Werewolf of Ponkert	publisher	The Grandon Company
The Shack	publisher	Windblown Media, FaithWords, Hodder & Stoughton
A Golden Anniversary Bibliography of Edgar Rice Burroughs	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
A Gent from Bear Creek	publisher	Herbert Jenkins
The Sorrows of an American	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Pride of Bear Creek	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Janus Man	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Old Man Logan	publisher	Marvel Comics
Space Jam	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Ghost Online	publisher	MGame
Ghost Online	publisher	Netgame
Ghost Online	publisher	OurGame
Ghost Online	publisher	GameFlier
Nightmare Creatures II	publisher	Konami
The Goddess of Ganymede	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Red Shadows	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Religion	publisher	Signet Books
Nicolae High	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Singers in the Shadows	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Red Blades of Black Cathay	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Tanar of Pellucidar	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Brokedown Palace	publisher	Ace Books
The Contemporary Pacific	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Planet Laika	publisher	Enix
Lady Boss	publisher	Warner Books
Vendetta: Lucky's Revenge	publisher	Avon
Dangerous Kiss	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dangerous Kiss	publisher	Macmillan
Drop Dead Beautiful	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gentleman's Agreement	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Skate It	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Gate House	publisher	Warner Books
Virgil Finlay	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Marchers of Valhalla	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Beat Down: Fists of Vengeance	publisher	Capcom
Ace Online	publisher	YD Online Corp.
Ace Online	publisher	GameForge4D
Ace Online	publisher	Suba Games, LLC
Ace Online	publisher	Axeso5
Ace Online	publisher	Winner Online
Ace Online	publisher	VTC Online
Ace Online	publisher	Yetime
Ace Online	publisher	Gamon
Ace Online	publisher	Arario Corp.
Ace Online	publisher	Innova Inc.
Ace Online	publisher	OhLaLa Interactive
Echoes from an Iron Harp	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Sowers of the Thunder	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Emergency Heroes	publisher	Ubisoft
Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Yotsunoha	publisher	Gakken
The Lone Star Ranger	publisher	Thomas Nelson & Sons Ltd
Philosophical Studies	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Guy Ritchie's Gamekeeper	publisher	Virgin Comics
The Hundred Secret Senses	publisher	G. P. Putnum's Sons
Double Hawk	publisher	Sega
Friends in Low Places	publisher	Anthony Blond
Pokémon Platinum	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Sasquatch	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Temple of the Ten	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Tigers of the Sea	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Worms of the Earth	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Litil Divil	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
The Making of a Counter Culture	publisher	University of California
Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories	publisher	Vanguard Press
Almuric	publisher	Ace Books
The Cimarron Review	publisher	Oklahoma State University–Stillwater
Oreo	publisher	Northeastern University Press
Shockwave Assault	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Wyrmling Horde	publisher	Tor Books
European Political Economy Review	publisher	Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft Berlin
Virgil Finlay: An Astrology Sketchbook	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
House of Many Ways	publisher	Various
Viva Piñata: Trouble in Paradise	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Out of the Storm	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Kamen no Maid Guy	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Revolution	publisher	Random House
The Bowl of Baal	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Banner of Joan	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Writing on the Hearth	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Outlander	publisher	Mindscape
Slap Shot	publisher	Sega
Comic Gum	publisher	Wani Books
What's Your Poo Telling You%3F	publisher	Chronicle Books
The Iron Man & Other Tales of the Ring	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
China Review International	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
The Ancient	publisher	CDS books
The Last Celt	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Yearbook of the Association of Pacific Coast Geographers	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Fordham Environmental Law Review	publisher	Fordham University School of Law
Black Vulmea's Vengeance	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Rogue Trooper	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Rogue Trooper	publisher	Reef Entertainment
Upon the Winds of Yesterday and Other Explorations	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Things a Computer Scientist Rarely Talks About	publisher	Center for the Study of Language and Information, Stanford, California
Lords of the Bow	publisher	HarperCollins
Archives of Asian Art	publisher	University of Hawaii Press on behalf of the Asia Society
The Chronicles of Lucius Leffing	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Swine Not%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Misty	publisher	Fleetway
Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism	publisher	HarperCollins
African Arts	publisher	MIT Press
Super-Villain Team-Up	publisher	Marvel Comics
Artificial Life	publisher	MIT Press
Peony in Love	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Asian Economic Papers	publisher	MIT Press
The Thama Stories	publisher	Puffin Books
Biological Theory	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Daedalus	publisher	MIT Press for the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Design Issues	publisher	MIT Press
Daz 4 Zoe	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Education Finance and Policy	publisher	MIT Press
Grey Room	publisher	MIT Press
Global Environmental Politics	publisher	MIT Press
Skate 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Galatasaray	publisher	Galatasaray S.K.
Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science	publisher	Leibniz Center for Informatics
School Days	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Adeline's Dream	publisher	Coteau Books
Freedom!	publisher	MECC
Imagine: Animal Doctor	publisher	Ubisoft
The Morning Gift	publisher	Puffin Books
If You're Reading This, It's Too Late	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Dating Hamlet	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Dream of X	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
TDR	publisher	MIT Press
The Review of Economics and Statistics	publisher	MIT Press for the John F. Kennedy School of Government
Perspectives on Science	publisher	MIT Press
The New England Quarterly	publisher	MIT Press
Neural Computation	publisher	MIT Press
Presence: Teleoperators & Virtual Environments	publisher	MIT Press
Leonardo	publisher	MIT Press
Vogue China	publisher	Condé Nast with China Pictorial Publishing House
The Martian General's Daughter	publisher	Pyr
Cowboys for Christ	publisher	Luath Press
Love That Dog	publisher	HarperCollins
Love That Dog	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
All Quiet on the Orient Express	publisher	Flamingo
All Quiet on the Orient Express	publisher	Arcade Publishing
Bayonetta	publisher	Sega
Bayonetta	publisher	Nintendo
King's Bounty: The Legend	publisher	1
King's Bounty: The Legend	publisher	Atari
King's Bounty: The Legend	publisher	Nobilis Games
Equality	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Black God's Shadow	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Three Palladins	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Return to Mars	publisher	Harper Collins
Vogue Italia	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Firebird	publisher	DAW Books
Funeral Rites	publisher	Marc Barbezat - L'Arbalete , Grove Press
Emperor of Dreams: A Clark Ashton Smith Bibliography	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Once in a Blue Moon	publisher	Acorn Books
Get Dexter	publisher	ERE Informatique
Get Dexter	publisher	Personal Software Services
The Children's War	publisher	Pocket Books
Kingdom of the Wicked	publisher	Caliber Comics
Kingdom of the Wicked	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
MadWorld	publisher	Sega
The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Savage Sword of Conan	publisher	Curtis Magazines
Savage Sword of Conan	publisher	Marvel Comics
The New Anti-Catholicism	publisher	Oxford University Press
Secret of the Solstice	publisher	DNC Entertainment
Secret of the Solstice	publisher	Outspark
Infinite Space	publisher	Sega
Downtown Owl	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Rock Revolution	publisher	Konami
Genius Squad	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Language Documentation & Conservation	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
The Yagyu Ninja Scrolls	publisher	Kodansha
Pagan Babies	publisher	Delacorte Press
Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Monster Hunter Orage	publisher	Kodansha
Dance Dance Revolution X	publisher	Konami
Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party 2	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3	publisher	Konami
Doraemon Wii	publisher	Sega
Protöthea	publisher	Ubisoft
Bazaar of the Bizarre	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Case for Animal Rights	publisher	University of California Press
The Revenge of Dracula	publisher	Bailey Brothers & Swinfen
Act of Providence	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Road of Azrael	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Big Red Tequila	publisher	Bantam
Artful Dodge	publisher	College of Wooster
Hasbro Family Game Night	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Black Wolf	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Water Witch	publisher	Ace Books
Etty Hillesum and the Flow of Presence	publisher	University of Missouri Press
Against the Tide of Years	publisher	New American Library
The Luxe	publisher	HarperCollinsPublishers
Micronations: The Lonely Planet Guide to Home-Made Nations	publisher	Lonely Planet
Golf: Tee It Up!	publisher	Activision
The Other Place	publisher	HarperCollins
Ghoul	publisher	Delirium Books
Mouse Noses on Toast	publisher	Faber and Faber
That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown	publisher	Orchard Books
The Magic Faraway Tree	publisher	George Newnes
The Magic Faraway Tree	publisher	Hamlyn
Hugo Pepper	publisher	Doubleday
Corby Flood	publisher	Doubleday
Fergus Crane	publisher	Doubleday
Hesperia	publisher	American School of Classical Studies at Athens
The Pig Who Saved the World	publisher	Candlewick Press
The Emperor of Absurdia	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear	publisher	Hodder Headline
I, Coriander	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Dancing Tiger	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Whispering Road	publisher	Penguin Books
Spilled Water	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Biscuit Bear	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Cloud Busting	publisher	Doubleday
My Big Brother, Boris	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Bartholomew and the Bug	publisher	Hodder Headline
The Fire-Eaters	publisher	Hodder Headline
Detroit Metal City	publisher	Hakusensha
The Witch's Children and the Queen	publisher	Orchard Books
Crystal Defenders	publisher	Square Enix
The South West Book	publisher	Australian Conservation Foundation
On Pointe	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
The Last Castaways	publisher	Penguin Books
Pinky	publisher	Shueisha
Tadpole's Promise	publisher	Andersen Press
The Various	publisher	David Fickling Books
The Countess's Calamity	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Two Frogs	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Europe Racer	publisher	Infogrames
Europe Racer	publisher	Xplosiv
Fangland	publisher	Penguin Press
Fangland	publisher	Penguin Putnam
The Partners	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Mayhem on Bear Creek	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Lovecraft's Providence and Adjacent Parts	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Tom Swift in the Land of Wonders	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Golden God	publisher	Lake Publishing Co.
The Earth House	publisher	New Chapter Press
The Other Side of the Sky: A Memoir	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Tempted	publisher	Poppy Publishing
Ombria in Shadow	publisher	Ace Books
Infamous	publisher	Poppy Publishing
Ray Gun Revival	publisher	Every Day Publishing Ltd.
Vogue	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Battle of the Planets	publisher	Gold Key Comics
Battle of the Planets	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Boogie Superstar	publisher	Electronic Arts
Shūjin e no Pert-em-Hru	publisher	Indie gaming
All Star Cheer Squad	publisher	THQ
Undersea Adventure	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Undersea Adventure	publisher	IBM
Hawks of Outremer	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Battleship: Surface Thunder	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
The Precipice	publisher	Tor Books
Fields of Sleep	publisher	Hutchinson
Writings and Drawings	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
Fateful Harvest	publisher	HarperCollins
ThunderCats	publisher	Marvel Comics
ThunderCats	publisher	Wildstorm Comics
Final Zone	publisher	Wolf Team
Final Zone	publisher	Renovation Products
Final Zone	publisher	Telenet Japan
The Lotus Caves	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
That Pesky Rat	publisher	Orchard Books
Jazzy in the Jungle	publisher	Walker Books
Pirate Diary	publisher	Walker Books
Pizza Kittens	publisher	Walker Books
History of the Movement From 1854 to 1890	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Stop the Train	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Last Wolf	publisher	Doubleday
Oscar and Arabella	publisher	Hodder Headline
Into the Sun & Other Stories	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Honey Hunt	publisher	Shogakukan
Ubuntu Hacks	publisher	O'Reilly Media
A Vision of Doom	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Learning Python	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Sundome	publisher	Akita Shoten
Songs of the Humpback Whale	publisher	Faber & Faber
Operación Masacre	publisher	De La Flor
The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder	publisher	Vanguard Press
Potshot	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Lord of the Dead	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Palookaville	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Durandal	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
MobileHCI	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
MobileHCI	publisher	SIGCHI
MobileHCI	publisher	SIGMOBILE
Chiaroscuro	publisher	Meanwhile Studios
Chiaroscuro	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Adventures of Tarzan	publisher	ERBville Press
The Treehouse	publisher	Brøderbund
Creep to Death	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
F1 2009	publisher	Codemasters
The Gene Machine	publisher	Vic Tokai
Veidas	publisher	Algimantas Šindeikis
Tammy	publisher	IPC Media
Tammy	publisher	Fleetway
The Somnambulist	publisher	HarperCollins
Scarlet Dream	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Twenty-Six	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
MH-18	publisher	Rodale Press
ThunderCats	publisher	Elite Systems
Tarzan and the Valley of Gold	publisher	Ballantine Books
Captain Britain and MI13	publisher	Marvel Comics
N+	publisher	Metanet Software
N+	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Indiana Jones in Revenge of the Ancients	publisher	Mindscape
V.I.P. Casino: Blackjack	publisher	Nintendo
Beyond the Hoax	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Persistence of Vision	publisher	The Dial Press/James Wade
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom: Ultimate All-Stars	publisher	Capcom
Andromeda Conquest	publisher	Avalon Hill
Asterix & Obelix	publisher	Infogrames
Real Spaces	publisher	Phaidon Press
Pyroblazer	publisher	Candella Software
Pyroblazer	publisher	City Interactive
One Man and His Bog	publisher	Corgi
The Kill-Off	publisher	Lion Books
The 8th Confession	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Run for Your Life	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook	publisher	Harper
Hallucinating Foucault	publisher	Serpent's Tail
Duke Law Journal	publisher	Duke University School of Law
Born Digital	publisher	Basic Books
Numéro	publisher	Paul-Emmanuel Reiffers
Sora o Tobu, Mittsu no Hōhō.	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gekkō no Carnevale	publisher	Akita Shoten
Gekkō no Carnevale	publisher	Shogakukan
Guinevere: The Legend in Autumn	publisher	Pocket Books
Child of the Northern Spring	publisher	Pocket
The Wonderful Lips of Thibong Linh	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
As It Is Written	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Colossus Chess	publisher	CDS Micro Systems
Colossus Chess	publisher	English Software
Selected Poems of Henry Ames Blood	publisher	The Neale Publishing Company
Fair Stood the Wind for France	publisher	Michael Joseph
Fair Stood the Wind for France	publisher	Little Brown
God: A Biography	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc.
A More Perfect Union: Advancing New American Rights	publisher	Welcome Rain Publishers
King Dugan's Dungeon	publisher	Caravel Games
Kirara	publisher	Shueisha
Heat	publisher	Penguin Books
The Living Reed	publisher	John Day Company
Terminal Freeze	publisher	Random House
A Ghost in the Machine	publisher	Headline Paperbacks
Celia, lo que dice	publisher	Manuel Aguilar
The Coffin Quilt	publisher	Harcourt
Pygmy	publisher	Doubleday
Jupiter	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Alice no Paint Adventure	publisher	Epoch Co.
Civil Law Commentaries	publisher	Tulane University Law School
PALAIOS	publisher	Society for Sedimentary Geology
Pong Toss! Frat Party Games	publisher	JV Games
The Man in the Moon	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Elfin Ship	publisher	Del Rey Books
Wangan Midnight	publisher	Genki
Nerve	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Persistence of Memory	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
My Sister Jodie	publisher	Doubleday
On the Way Home	publisher	Harper & Row
The Last Save of Moacyr Barbosa	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Jiken series	publisher	Kodansha
West from Home	publisher	Harper & Row
A Stillness at Appomattox	publisher	Doubleday and Company
Africa	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls	publisher	HarperCollins
The Political Machine 2008	publisher	Ubisoft
Rock Band 2	publisher	MTV
We Cheer	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Escape to Last Man Peak	publisher	Longman
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Autograph Man	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Marvel Zombies 2	publisher	Marvel Comics
Circus	publisher	Exidy
Understood Betsy	publisher	THE CENTURY CO.
Journal of the History of Sexuality	publisher	University of Texas Press
Secrets	publisher	Corgi
Genius Wars	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
NBA Live 09	publisher	Electronic Arts
Spaceship Medic	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Glass Bees	publisher	Klett
Nova Swing	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Pandora Hearts	publisher	Square Enix
Our Plundered Planet	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Darwin 4078	publisher	Data East
Darwin 4078	publisher	Hudson Soft
Suishō no Dragon	publisher	Square
Becoming the Villainess	publisher	Steel Toe Books
Mona on Darkening Ground	publisher	Writer's Digest Books
Trigger Man	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Trigger Man	publisher	Play It!
A Healing House of Prayer	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Onidere	publisher	Shogakukan
Starclimber	publisher	HarperCollins
The Thing About Jane Spring	publisher	Random House
The Thing About Jane Spring	publisher	Viking Press
Corpse Princess	publisher	Square Enix
Elemental Master	publisher	TechnoSoft
Empire of Mind	publisher	University of Toronto Press
MLB Power Pros 2008	publisher	2
Modern Painters	publisher	Louise Blouin Media
Professor Layton and the Unwound Future	publisher	Nintendo
Venetica	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Venetica	publisher	Atari
Lions in the Street	publisher	Saturday Review Press
Sweet Dreams	publisher	The MIT Press
The Temple of My Familiar	publisher	Harcourt
General Systems	publisher	Society for General Systems Research
Systems Research and Behavioral Science	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Hell Screen	publisher	Iwanami Shoten Publishing
Under a Velvet Cloak	publisher	Mundania Press
Tom Swift and His War Tank	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
What Happened	publisher	PublicAffairs
Gray's Anatomy for Students	publisher	Churchill Livingstone
Wario Land: Shake It!	publisher	Nintendo
Rhythm Heaven	publisher	Nintendo
The Bourne Sanction	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Easy Street	publisher	Dial Press
The Dark Fields	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Who's on First	publisher	Doubleday
The Story of Henri Tod	publisher	Doubleday
High Jinx	publisher	Doubleday
Mongoose R.I.P.	publisher	Doubleday
Tucker's Last Stand	publisher	Random House
A Very Private Plot	publisher	Morrow
A Republic, Not an Empire	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Listeners	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Stalin vs. Martians	publisher	Mezmer Games
Double D Dodgeball	publisher	Yuke's
The DFC	publisher	David Fickling Books
Stop!! Hibari-kun!	publisher	Shueisha
Dead Cert	publisher	Michael Joseph
Koizora	publisher	Futabasha
Hammerfist	publisher	Activision
Turn Coat	publisher	Roc Books
Scary Stories	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dead Sea	publisher	Delirium Books
Leonardo's Swans	publisher	Doubleday
Stealing Athena	publisher	Doubleday
Bionic Commando	publisher	Capcom
Bionic Commando	publisher	Go!
Zombie Wranglers	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Death of a Hollow Man	publisher	Century Publishing
Bionic Commando	publisher	Capcom
Bionic Commando: Elite Forces	publisher	Nintendo
William's Television Show	publisher	Newnes
Seventeen Against the Dealer	publisher	Atheneum Books
Armed America: Portraits of Gun Owners in Their Homes	publisher	Krause Publications
Hamlet and the New Poetic	publisher	UMI press
Blood Noir	publisher	Berkley Books
Spy Story	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Bionic Commando	publisher	Capcom
Hito Natsu no Kids Game	publisher	Kodansha
The Conscience of a Liberal	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Endonesia	publisher	Enix
Break In	publisher	Kaga Create
Aces of the Galaxy	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Dear Mr. Henshaw	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Publication history of Wonder Woman	publisher	DC Comics
Beijing 2008	publisher	Sega
This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
5	publisher	Visual Art's
I Want to Go Home	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
The Focus of Life	publisher	Morland Press, London
Imperium	publisher	Vic Tokai
Dragon: the Old Potter's Tale	publisher	Iwanami Shoten Publishing
Oyayubihime Infinity	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Earth Fighter Rayieza	publisher	Enix
The Earth Fighter Rayieza	publisher	Nintendo
The Valley	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Lee and Grant at Appomattox	publisher	Random House
The Disappearing Dwarf	publisher	Del Rey Books
Collected Poems	publisher	Faber and Faber
Crossing the Quality Chasm	publisher	National Academies Press
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Cooking Guide: Can't Decide What to Eat%3F	publisher	Nintendo
Combat Arms	publisher	Nexon
Defending Identity	publisher	Public Affairs
The Shadow Club	publisher	Penguin Group
Little King's Story	publisher	Wii
Little King's Story	publisher	PlayStation Vita
Little King's Story	publisher	Konami'''
Little King's Story	publisher	Microsoft Windows'''
Little King's Story	publisher	Xseed Games
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey	publisher	Little, Brown
Transfusion	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
True Remembrance	publisher	insani
Natsume's Book of Friends	publisher	Hakusensha
Busting Vegas	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Saints Row: The Third	publisher	THQ
The Other Queen	publisher	HarperCollins
Daughter of the Empire	publisher	Doubleday
Servant of the Empire	publisher	Doubleday
Mistress of the Empire	publisher	Doubleday
Motor City Patrol	publisher	Matchbox
The Classic Motor Cycle	publisher	Mortons Media Group Ltd from 1998
The Classic Motor Cycle	publisher	EMAP from 1983
The Classic Motor Cycle	publisher	IPC Specialist and Business Press Ltd from 1981
Jyutei Senki	publisher	Enix
Users' Guides to the Medical Literature	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The North Ship	publisher	Fortune Press
Mystic Ark	publisher	Enix
Shaun White Snowboarding	publisher	Ubisoft
Waiting for the Galactic Bus	publisher	Doubleday
Stormchaser	publisher	Doubleday
Project S-11	publisher	Sunsoft
A Picture of Freedom	publisher	Scholastic
Tom Swift and His Air Scout	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Kal Online	publisher	Inixsoft
WWE Aftershock	publisher	THQ
Tonka: Rescue Patrol	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Tonka: Rescue Patrol	publisher	Atari
Computer Nouryoku Kaiseki: Ultra Baken	publisher	Culture Brain
Gomorrah	publisher	Mondadori
Új Szó	publisher	Petit Press
The Book of Lost Things	publisher	Atria Books
Evil Always Ends	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Marvel 1985	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Gypsy Morph	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Soft Whisper of the Dead	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Guitar Hero: Metallica	publisher	Activision
Wandering Son	publisher	Enterbrain
The Stand: Captain Trips	publisher	Marvel Comics
Men and Masculinities	publisher	Sage Publications
The General's Wife	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
A Romance of Two Worlds	publisher	Bentley
Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Three Sisters' Story	publisher	JAST USA
Threshold	publisher	Voyager Books
Spyborgs	publisher	Capcom
Age of Empires: Mythologies	publisher	THQ
Penumbra: Requiem	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Legendary Starfy	publisher	Nintendo
Country Life in America	publisher	Doubleday
Jaguar	publisher	Hyperion Books
Wonder Woman: The Hiketeia	publisher	DC Comics
The Snow Empress	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Nightingale's Song	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Nightingale's Song	publisher	Touchstone Books
The Sea of the Ravens	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Frogger 2	publisher	Konami
The Wrecking Crew	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Papyrus	publisher	Dupuis
Papyrus	publisher	Cinebook
Flash Gordon	publisher	Mastertronic
Masters of the Universe: The Movie	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Masters of the Universe: The Arcade Game	publisher	U.S. Gold
Masters of the Universe: The Super Adventure	publisher	U.S. Gold
Maigret Has Scruples	publisher	Presses de la Cite
Trials 2: Second Edition	publisher	RedLynx
Sense of Place	publisher	University of Western Australia Press
The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms Amended	publisher	J. Tonson, J. Osborn, & T. Longman
Archives of Natural History	publisher	Edinburgh University Press, for the Society for the History of Natural History
Journal of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh	publisher	Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
Transactions of the American Neurological Association	publisher	Springer Publishing
Annales pharmaceutiques françaises	publisher	Elsevier
The Books of Faerie	publisher	DC Comics
Beatmania	publisher	Konami
Journal of Public Health Policy	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Annals of Thoracic Surgery	publisher	Elsevier
Revue d'Histoire de la Pharmacie	publisher	Societe D'Histoire de la Pharmacie
Crysis Warhead	publisher	Electronic Arts
Revista Ideas y Valores	publisher	National University of Colombia
Irish Medical Journal	publisher	Irish Medical Organisation
Clinical Cardiology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Cardiac Surgery	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Women & Health	publisher	Routledge
Mini Marvels	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fungal Genetics and Biology	publisher	Academic Press
Ninja-Kid	publisher	UPL, World GamesHAL Laboratory, JalecoHAMSTER Corporation
A Mortal Flower	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A Mortal Flower	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
My House Has Two Doors	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The American Claimant	publisher	Charles L. Webster
The Hundred-Year Christmas	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Sergio Aragonés Destroys DC	publisher	DC Comics
In Defense of Food	publisher	Penguin Press
The Eyeless	publisher	BBC Books
Beautiful Chaos	publisher	BBC Books
The Story of Martha	publisher	BBC Books
General Winston's Daughter	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
The Last Adventurer	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Journal of Medical Biography	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Royal Society of Medicine
The Myst Reader	publisher	Hyperion
The Magician: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	publisher	Random House
Daughter of Regals	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Adventures of Samurai Cat	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Star Wraith	publisher	Star Wraith 3D Games
Die Republikein	publisher	Democratic Media Holdings
Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Far Islands and Other Tales of Fantasy	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher
Robin of Sherlock	publisher	Silversoft
Robin of Sherlock	publisher	CRL Group
Book of Matches	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Scourge of God	publisher	Roc Books
Kull	publisher	Lancer Books
Dark Side	publisher	Incentive Software
The Book of Kane	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
A Monster at Christmas	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Starting with Alice	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Cyber Sled	publisher	Namco
Supreme Warrior	publisher	Digital Pictures
Plum Lovin'	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Darxide	publisher	Sega
Dinosaur King	publisher	Sega
North Korean Review	publisher	The  Institute for North Korean Studies and McFarland
The Nazi and the Barber	publisher	Doubleday
Overgrowth	publisher	Wolfire Games
The Programme	publisher	Wildstorm
The Dark Cry of the Moon	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
In the Courts of the Crimson Kings	publisher	Tor Books
The Undying Land	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Borders Just Beyond	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Gauntlet	publisher	Midway Games
The Sims 2: Apartment Pets	publisher	Electronic Arts
The DO	publisher	American Osteopathic Association
Academ's Fury	publisher	Ace Books
Cursor's Fury	publisher	Ace Books
Captain's Fury	publisher	Ace Books
The Princes of the Golden Cage	publisher	Night Shade Books
Marianne and Mark	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Lost Crown: A Ghost-Hunting Adventure	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
The Lost Crown: A Ghost-Hunting Adventure	publisher	Akella
The Lost Crown: A Ghost-Hunting Adventure	publisher	Mamba Games
The Lost Crown: A Ghost-Hunting Adventure	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Crusader	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Robert Elsmere	publisher	Smith, Elder
Kushiel's Mercy	publisher	Warner Books
One Who Walked Alone	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Night of Thunder	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Second Lady	publisher	New American Library
Star Parodier	publisher	Hudson Soft
Star Parodier	publisher	Konami
Tom Swift and His Undersea Search	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Harrier Jump Jet	publisher	Microprose
The Northeast Today	publisher	Kirit Pradyot Deb Burman
Winter Reckoning	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
A Year in the Province	publisher	Beautiful Books
The Curious Quests of Brigadier Ffellowes	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The Long Night of the Grave	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Final Crisis: Revelations	publisher	DC Comics
The Scorpion King: Rise of the Akkadian	publisher	Vivendi Games
My Lady of Hy-Brasil and Other Stories	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Enchanted Faces	publisher	EBSCO Media
Hype: The Time Quest	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Laura's Happy Adventures	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Civilization IV: Colonization	publisher	2
Civilization IV: Colonization	publisher	Aspyr
Top Gear: Dare Devil	publisher	Kemco
Madame Two Swords	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Crimson Grave	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Swindle	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Prime Evil	publisher	New American Library
The Cat Who Lived High	publisher	Jove
Solid Runner	publisher	ASCII Corporation
World Series Baseball Starring Deion Sanders	publisher	Sega
Shadows of Dreams	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Zeitschrift für anorganische und allgemeine Chemie	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Encyclopedia of American Religions	publisher	Gale
Eerie	publisher	Avon
Neverwinter Nights 2: Storm of Zehir	publisher	Atari
Adventures into the Unknown	publisher	American Comics Group
The Horror of Howling Hill	publisher	BBC Books
Second Skin	publisher	BBC Books
The Dragon King	publisher	BBC Books
The Sorceress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	publisher	Random House
Wings Over Israel	publisher	Third Wire
Fatal Terrain	publisher	Berkley Books
Dracula Twins	publisher	Legendo
Just in Case	publisher	Penguin Books
Post-Scarcity Anarchism	publisher	1971
Senselessness	publisher	New Directions Publishers
The Unfortunates	publisher	Panther Books
The Unfortunates	publisher	Secker & Warburg
AV-8B Harrier Assault	publisher	Domark
The Circle	publisher	Image Comics
Spore Creature Creator	publisher	Electronic Arts
To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei	publisher	Pocket Books
Dokonjō Gaeru	publisher	Shueisha
Men's Health	publisher	Rodale Press
The Magician Out of Manchuria	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Du Chakay Duniya	publisher	Swarnakshar Publication
The Red Necklace	publisher	Orion Children's Books
Globalization and Health	publisher	BioMed Central
Tipi: Home of the Nomadic Buffalo Hunters	publisher	World Wisdom
The Essential Shinran	publisher	World Wisdom
Super Morph	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
We Pierce	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tom Swift Among the Fire Fighters	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Last Fine Time	publisher	Knopf
Home Sweet Home	publisher	WiiWare
Golf Magazine: 36 Great Holes Starring Fred Couples	publisher	Sega
Toughman Contest	publisher	Electronic Arts
Zaxxon's Motherbase 2000	publisher	Sega
The Devil Does Exist	publisher	Shueisha
Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Initial D Extreme Stage	publisher	Sega
Amazon: Guardians of Eden	publisher	Access Software
Will	publisher	Beautiful Books
De Niro's Game	publisher	Old Street
The Eagle and the Wolves	publisher	Headline
Risky is the New Safe: The Rules Have Changed	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Tokyo Storm Warning	publisher	Cliffhanger/Wildstorm
Red	publisher	Homage Comics/Wildstorm
FIFA 09	publisher	EA Sports
Passage	publisher	Eos
When the Sacred Ginmill Closes	publisher	Arbor House
Patterns of Sexual Behavior	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Car Mechanics Magazine	publisher	Bauer Media Group
Justice of the Peace Magazine	publisher	LexisNexis
Albert Savarus	publisher	Furne
DeathDrome	publisher	Viacom New Media
Now the Hell Will Start	publisher	Penguin Press
Lancelot and the Lord of the Distant Isles, or the %22Book of Galehaut%22 Retold	publisher	Boston : David R. Godine
SOUTHASIA Magazine	publisher	Syed Jawaid Iqbal
The Moon and Serpent Bumper Book of Magic	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Princeps' Fury	publisher	Ace Books
Mega Apocalypse	publisher	Martech
NHL 09	publisher	EA Sports
Gremlins 2: The New Batch	publisher	Sunsoft
Post Oaks & Sand Roughs	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
The X-Files	publisher	Topps Comics
The X-Files	publisher	Devil's Due Digital
Asia Inc.	publisher	Tan Boon Kean
Oishinbo	publisher	Shogakukan
Fight Night Round 4	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Oxford Companion to Irish Literature	publisher	Oxford University Press
Expansions of Eve Online	publisher	CCP Games
Ledfeather	publisher	Fiction Collective Two
Irish Tiger	publisher	Forge Books
Booking	publisher	Haksan Culture Company
Space Shuttle Mission 2007	publisher	www.simsquared.com
Tornado	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Sinner	publisher	Servant Books
Neopets Puzzle Adventure	publisher	Capcom
Neopets Puzzle Adventure	publisher	Nickelodeon
The Adventures of Lucius Leffing	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Tony Hawk: Ride	publisher	Activision
The DAW Science Fiction Reader	publisher	DAW Books
Mrs. God	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Sakura Sakura	publisher	Haikuo Soft
Bright Shiny Morning	publisher	HarperCollins
Elements of Destruction	publisher	THQ
Elements of Destruction	publisher	Nintendo
Back to the Stone Age	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Too Fat to Fish	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Historically Speaking	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Face in the Abyss	publisher	Argosy All-Story Weekly
The Face in the Abyss	publisher	Argosy
The Face in the Abyss	publisher	Horace Liveright
A Kingdom for Keflings	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sharks and Little Fish	publisher	The Lyons Press
Space Invaders Get Even	publisher	Taito
Space Invaders Get Even	publisher	Square Enix
International Journal of General Systems	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Rome 1960	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dressed to Kill	publisher	ISCD Press; Avery Publishing Group/Penguin Putnam
WarpSpeed	publisher	Accolade
Sea Change	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Spore	publisher	Mastertronic
Only A Theory	publisher	Penguin
Practical Photography	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
Westlife: Our Story	publisher	HarperCollins
Augustus	publisher	Viking Press
Nico the Unicorn	publisher	Tom Doherty Associates
Bloody Kiss	publisher	Hakusensha
Chamber of Chills	publisher	Harvey Comics
White Princess of the Jungle	publisher	Avon
Khasakkinte Itihasam	publisher	DC Books
Strange Fantasy	publisher	Ajax-Farrell
The Dark Tower: Treachery	publisher	Marvel Comics
Defeat into Victory	publisher	Cassell and Company
Journal of the International Association of Tibetan Studies	publisher	International Association of Tibetan Studies
The Twelve and the Genii	publisher	Faber and Faber
The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe	publisher	Yale University Press
The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe	publisher	www.yivoencyclopedia.com
Interpol: The Trail of Dr. Chaos	publisher	Sierra Online
Interfaces	publisher	Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
The Last Legends of Earth	publisher	Bantam / Spectra
Thrash Rally	publisher	SNK
Street of Shadows	publisher	Del Rey Books
B-17 Flying Fortress: The Mighty 8th	publisher	MicroProse
Review of Radical Political Economics	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Union for Radical Political Economics
F-117A Nighthawk Stealth Fighter 2.0	publisher	MicroProse
Ice Nine	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Three Critics of the Enlightenment	publisher	Random House
Safeguard	publisher	Thomson Reuters
The Burnt Ones	publisher	Penguin Group
The Black Cherry Bombshells	publisher	Zuda imprint of DC Comics
Public Culture	publisher	Duke University Press
Winning Post 7 Maximum 2007	publisher	Koei
Winning Post 7 Maximum 2008	publisher	Koei
Harris and Me	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Ronaldo V-Football	publisher	Infogrames
Millennium Falcon	publisher	Del Rey Books
Leadfoot	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Okami-san	publisher	Shogakukan
The Teahouse of the August Moon	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Haunted Pampero	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc.
Kaze no Daichi	publisher	Shogakukan
Lady Justice	publisher	Tekno Comix
Test Drive	publisher	Accolade
The Storms of Chai	publisher	Holmgard Press
Dream Stuff	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Bad Business	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Broken Lives	publisher	Hardie Grant, South Yarra, Vic.
Memories Off 5: Togireta Film	publisher	CyberFront, 5pb.
Under the Dome	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Science & Religion: A Symposium	publisher	Books for Libraries Press
The Promise of Eden	publisher	Concrete Books
Management Science	publisher	Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
Manufacturing & Service Operations Management	publisher	Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
Blue Melody: Tim Buckley Remembered	publisher	Backbeat Books
The Indian War of Independence	publisher	Sethani Kampani, Bombay
Kissxsis	publisher	Kodansha
Budapest Noir	publisher	HarperCollins
The Arms Bazaar	publisher	Viking Adult
Tokyo Tribes	publisher	Shōdensha
Omensetter's Luck	publisher	New American Library
The Weakness	publisher	Scholastic Press
Mukwonago Chief	publisher	Mukwonago Publications and Journal Communications
Fallen Moon	publisher	Biblos
Fallen Moon	publisher	Gentosha
The Principles of Mathematics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Poor Fellow My Country	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Glass Canoe	publisher	Macmillan, Australia
Letters of an Indian Judge to an English Gentlewoman	publisher	Lovat Dickson
Lavinia	publisher	Harcourt United States
Cats of the Clans	publisher	Avon
Swords and Crowns and Rings	publisher	Nelson, Australia
Love and Will	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Grey Star the Wizard	publisher	Berkley Books
Windfall	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Dragonica	publisher	GPotato
Dragonica	publisher	GSquare
Dragonica	publisher	Nexon
British Journal of Medical Practitioners	publisher	JMN Medical Education
Sylph	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Five Get into a Fix	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Organization Science	publisher	INFORMS
Transportation Science	publisher	Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
UFC 2009 Undisputed	publisher	THQ
Final Crisis: Legion of 3 Worlds	publisher	DC Comics
Maka-Maka	publisher	Jive
Star Wars: The Clone Wars – Lightsaber Duels	publisher	LucasArts
Star Wars: The Clone Wars – Jedi Alliance	publisher	LucasArts
Singularity 7	publisher	IDW Publishing
Dirt Track Racing: Sprint Cars	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Makers and Takers	publisher	Doubleday
Dead Space	publisher	Image Comics
The Peaceful Pill Handbook	publisher	Exit International US
The Hangman's Daughter	publisher	Ullstein Verlag
Doomsday Plus Twelve	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Lowlife	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Lowlife	publisher	Caliber Comics
The Naked Brothers Band	publisher	THQ
Starships Unlimited	publisher	Matrix Games
The System of Dante's Hell	publisher	Grove Press
Date Kimiko no Virtual Tennis	publisher	Bandai
Kocchi Muite! Miiko	publisher	Shogakukan
In Odd We Trust	publisher	Del Rey Books
Monty Is Innocent	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Miyasato Miyoshi Kyoudai Naizou: Sega Golf Club	publisher	Sega
Mist of Chaos	publisher	Idea Factory
Mist of Chaos	publisher	Cyberfront Korea
The Embodiment of Scarlet Devil	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
The Inventors	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Call of Duty: World at War	publisher	Activision
With Their Backs to the World	publisher	Virago Press
Becoming Naomi León	publisher	Scholastic Press
One Hundred And One Days: A Baghdad Journal	publisher	Virago Press
Tsukiji Uogashi Sandaime	publisher	Shogakukan
Angel of Grozny	publisher	Virago Press
Soul Mountain	publisher	Lianjing Chubanshe
Secret Files 2: Puritas Cordis	publisher	Deep Silver
American Journal of Cardiology	publisher	Elsevier
Les Mystères de Marseille	publisher	Hutchinson
Magi Nation	publisher	Epoch Co.
La Mécanique du cœur	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
Comic Rex	publisher	Ichijinsha
Climate Code Red	publisher	Scribe Publications
Telepathy Shōjo Ran Jiken Note	publisher	Kodansha
The Maw	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Baja: Edge of Control	publisher	THQ
Star Girls	publisher	Tong Li Comics
The Cheetah Girls: Passport to Stardom	publisher	Disney Interactive
Shanghai	publisher	Activision
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 09	publisher	EA Sports
Prince of Persia: The Fallen King	publisher	Ubisoft
Nijiiro Dodge Ball: Otome Tachi no Seishun	publisher	Atlus
Lost Boys: Reign of Frogs	publisher	Wildstorm
Just My Luck	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Feast of Souls	publisher	DAW Books
Fire in the Mist	publisher	Baen
Shrek: Treasure Hunt	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Thorns	publisher	Ballantine Books
Journey to the Center of the Earth	publisher	THQ
Grand Prix Manager 2	publisher	Microprose
Madam, Will You Talk%3F	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Grand Prix World	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Code:Breaker	publisher	Kodansha
Balloon Pop	publisher	UFO Interactive Games
Forza Motorsport 3	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Eat, Pray, Love	publisher	Penguin
Geography Club	publisher	HarperCollins
A Long Way Gone	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Bolshevik Myth	publisher	Boni and Liveright
Yumemiru Happa	publisher	Hakusensha
Winnie the Witch	publisher	Oxford University Press
Imagine Babyz	publisher	Ubisoft
Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition	publisher	Hit Entertainment
Escape from the Dungeons of the Gods	publisher	SoftSide
Quest 1	publisher	SoftSide
Something Else	publisher	Puffin Books
Henry Hikes to Fitchburg	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Operation Sabotage	publisher	SoftSide
Jaam-e Jam	publisher	IRIB
Freedom Summer	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Time We Have Taken	publisher	Fourth Estate, Australia
The Ballad of Desmond Kale	publisher	Vintage, Australia
Cold Skin	publisher	Canongate Books
Why Darwin Matters	publisher	Times Books
Sacred 2: Fallen Angel	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Sacred 2: Fallen Angel	publisher	Deep Silver
Team Yankee	publisher	Empire Interactive
Red Storm Rising	publisher	MicroProse
Time-Gate	publisher	Quicksilva
The Diplomat	publisher	The Bodley Head
King Arthur & the Knights of Justice	publisher	Enix
The Zookeeper's Wife	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Steel Wave	publisher	Ballantine Books
Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Headache	publisher	Milton Bradley
MM!	publisher	Media Factory
List of Rock Band track packs	publisher	MTV
Alien Attack	publisher	Coleco
OregonLive.com	publisher	Advance Internet
Issues in Science and Religion	publisher	Prentice Hall
Two to the Fifth	publisher	Tor Books
The Broken Window	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Progress in Materials Science	publisher	Elsevier
Flight of the Intruder	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
Flight of the Intruder	publisher	Mindscape
Star Trek: The Next Generation	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Galaga Legions	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The She Spot	publisher	Berrett-Koehler Publishers
Beyond the Gap	publisher	Tor Books
Naked Conversations	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
The Story of the Last Thought	publisher	Piper
The Dolphins of Laurentum	publisher	Orion Books
Molecular Diversity	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Jumper Cable	publisher	Tor Books
Knot Gneiss	publisher	Tor Books
A Deadly Secret: The Strange Disappearance of Kathie Durst	publisher	Berkley Books
List of Little Miss characters	publisher	Fabbri and Partners
Heart Songs	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown	publisher	Times Books
Denying History	publisher	University of California Press
Truth: Red, White & Black	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dawkins vs. Gould	publisher	Icon Books
The Outlaws of Sherwood	publisher	Greenwillow Books
The Outlaws of Sherwood	publisher	Ace Fantasy
The Outlaws of Sherwood	publisher	Firebird
Spore	publisher	Electronic Arts
Animaniacs Game Pack	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive
Kaboom	publisher	Da Capo Press
Yakuza 3	publisher	Sega
NFL Street 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Godzilla	publisher	Toho
Godzilla	publisher	Nintendo
Skull & Bones	publisher	DC Comics
Blue's Clues Kindergarten	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
The Grandmothers: Four Short Novels	publisher	Flamingo
Singularity	publisher	Per Aspera Press
Blackmask	publisher	DC Comics
Hammerlocke	publisher	DC Comics
Tree: A Life Story	publisher	Greystone Books
Movie	publisher	Imagine Software
Ah, But Your Land Is Beautiful	publisher	Penguin Books
Ah, But Your Land Is Beautiful	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Harvesting the Heart	publisher	Viking
Super Hero Operations	publisher	Banpresto
The Annotated Turing	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Blue Willow	publisher	Viking Press
Perimeter 2: New Earth	publisher	Strategy First
Raven Squad: Operation Hidden Dagger	publisher	Evolved Games
Raven Squad: Operation Hidden Dagger	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Nancy Drew: The Haunting of Castle Malloy	publisher	Her Interactive
Dokapon Kingdom	publisher	Sting
Dokapon Kingdom	publisher	Atlus
Epicurus the Sage	publisher	Piranha Press
Daria's Inferno	publisher	Simon & Schuster Interactive
GTR Evolution	publisher	Atari
GTR Evolution	publisher	Viva Media
Tales of the World: Radiant Mythology 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Tales of Hearts	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Business Today	publisher	Living Media
Abbé Jules	publisher	Ollendorff
Yoga Wii	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Aces & Eights: Shattered Frontier	publisher	Kenzer & Company
Hellblazer Presents: Chas – The Knowledge	publisher	Vertigo
Big Picture	publisher	Wellcome Trust
Walking Brooklyn	publisher	Wilderness Press
The Wonderful Country	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Young Gabby Goose	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Jaz Parks series	publisher	Orbit Books
Tickets to the Devil	publisher	Scribners
DC Universe Online	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
Perimeter	publisher	1
Perimeter	publisher	Codemasters
Perimeter	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Other Side	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Genome	publisher	AST
Chocolate Cosmos	publisher	Shueisha
Ion Exchange Letters	publisher	Department of Power Engineering, ICT Prague
Escape from Hell	publisher	Tor Books
Beware the Fish	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
Journal of Manipulative and Physiological Therapeutics	publisher	Mosby on behalf of the American Chiropractic Association
Vaccine	publisher	Elsevier
The Godfather	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Nasty Bits	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Friday the 13th	publisher	LJN
Savage Pellucidar	publisher	Canaveral Press
Milbank Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Milbank Memorial Fund
The Neurologist	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Remorseful Day	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Bones of the Hills	publisher	HarperCollins
Synthetic Men of Mars	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Llana of Gathol	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
The Fatal Conceit	publisher	University of Chicago Press , Routledge Press
John Carter of Mars	publisher	Canaveral Press
Canadian Woman Studies	publisher	Inanna Publications
Seishun Shiterukai!	publisher	Shueisha
Archie and Me	publisher	Archie Comics
Jumper: Griffin's Story	publisher	Tor Books
The Spine Journal	publisher	Elsevier
Bella at Midnight	publisher	HarperCollins
The Forbidden City	publisher	Berkley Books
Pandemic	publisher	Z-Man Games
Pandemic	publisher	Κάισσα
Pandemic	publisher	Hobby Japan
Pandemic	publisher	Filosofia
Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Deadliest Catch: Alaskan Storm	publisher	Greenwave Games
Roanoke Review	publisher	Roanoke College
The Cheerleader	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy	publisher	Orthopaedic and Sports Physical Therapy Sections of the American Physical Therapy Association
The Beggar of Volubilis	publisher	Orion Books
Lifeblood	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dreams that Glitter	publisher	Bantam Press
Dreams that Glitter	publisher	Transworld
Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar	publisher	Abrams Books
Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar	publisher	Penguin Group
Studies in Ethnicity and Nationalism	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Marvel Saga	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Voyage of the Sable Keech	publisher	Tor Books
The War with Mr. Wizzle	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
The Vinyl Underground	publisher	Vertigo
Jesus the Jew	publisher	Collins
Alfa Romeo Racing Italiano	publisher	Valcon Games
Alfa Romeo Racing Italiano	publisher	Black Bean Games
Battlestations: Pacific	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Battlestations: Pacific	publisher	Feral Interactive
Song Summoner: The Unsung Heroes	publisher	Square Enix
Codename: Panzers – Cold War	publisher	Atari
The Last Patriot	publisher	Simon & Schuster
BattleForge	publisher	Electronic Arts
Crazy Machines 2	publisher	Viva Media
Very Hard Choices	publisher	Baen Books
Pick of the Litter	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Vampire Hunter D: American Wasteland	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Final Crisis: Rogues' Revenge	publisher	DC Comics
Nessy Learning Programme	publisher	Net Educational Systems
Brigands M.C.	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Pathfinder Roleplaying Game	publisher	Paizo Publishing
Every Second Counts	publisher	The Doubleday Broadway Publishing Group
Cell Host & Microbe	publisher	Cell Press
Cell Metabolism	publisher	Cell Press
Journal of Physiotherapy	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Australian Physiotherapy Association
BMC Health Services Research	publisher	BioMed Central
Best Practice & Research: Clinical Rheumatology	publisher	Elsevier
Chiropractic & Manual Therapies	publisher	BioMed Central
The Clinical Journal of Pain	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Current Pharmaceutical Design	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Culture, Medicine and Psychiatry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Dynamic Chiropractic	publisher	MPA Media
Google Lively	publisher	Google Inc.
Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Elebits: The Adventures of Kai and Zero	publisher	Konami
Journal of Pain and Symptom Management	publisher	Elsevier
Scoliosis	publisher	BioMed Central
Pain Research & Management	publisher	Pulsus Group
Headache	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Manual & Manipulative Therapy	publisher	Taylor & Francis Publishing
Mani Madhaveeyam	publisher	Department of Cultural Affairs, Government of Kerala
Beyond the Nightmare Gate	publisher	Berkley Books
Captain Rainbow	publisher	Nintendo
Cool Boarders 4	publisher	989
Cool Boarders 2001	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Aztec: The Curse in the Heart of the City of Gold	publisher	Telecom Multimedia
Top Trumps Adventures: Horror and Predators	publisher	Ubisoft
Top Trumps Adventures: Dogs and Dinosaurs	publisher	Ubisoft
The Mucker	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Yosumin!	publisher	Square Enix
The Blade Itself	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Patapon 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Space Gun	publisher	Taito
Thunder Force VI	publisher	Sega
Social Science & Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living	publisher	W. W. Norton
Powerslide	publisher	GT Interactive
The Word	publisher	Development Hell Limited
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules	publisher	Abrams Books
The White Earth	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Ihatovo Monogatari	publisher	Hect
Hatayama Hatch no Pro Yakyuu News! Jitsumei Han	publisher	Epoch Co.
Hyper Iria	publisher	Banpresto
Young Romance	publisher	Crestwood Publications
Young Romance	publisher	DC Comics
How Do You Spell God%3F	publisher	Morrow Junior Books, New York
The Journeyman Project: Pegasus Prime	publisher	Bandai
The Journeyman Project: Pegasus Prime	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Heavy Metal Thunder	publisher	Square Enix
Divine Action and Modern Science	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Semiotica	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Cop in the Hood	publisher	Princeton University Press
Stormrise	publisher	Sega
City of Bones	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Ride to Hell: Retribution	publisher	Deep Silver
American Nerd	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Psychological Medicine	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Tirra Lirra by the River	publisher	Macmillan, Australia
Beneath	publisher	Activision
Black Axe	publisher	Marvel UK
The Keys to the White House	publisher	Madison Books
Mickey Mouse	publisher	Dell Comics, Gold Key Comics, Whitman, Gladstone Publishing, Gemstone Publishing, Boom Kids! , IDW Publishing
The World Atlas of Wine	publisher	Mitchell Beazley
The Atlas of Pern	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ganba! Fly High	publisher	Shogakukan
The American Journal of Surgical Pathology	publisher	Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins
Quantum Aspects of Life	publisher	Imperial College Press
A Woman of the Future	publisher	Penguin, Australia
The Ancestor Game	publisher	Penguin, Australia
Super Champ	publisher	Daiwon C.I.
Hinterland	publisher	Tilted Mill Entertainment
Popgun	publisher	Image Comics
Disney's Dinosaur	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Disney's Dinosaur	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Major League Eating: The Game	publisher	Mastiff
L'Élève Ducobu	publisher	Le Lombard
L'Élève Ducobu	publisher	Cinebook
L'Élève Ducobu	publisher	MTI
The Eagles' Brood	publisher	Tor Books
The Eagles' Brood	publisher	Penguin Books
MW	publisher	Shogakukan
The End of Oil	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper	publisher	Gotham Books
Gollum: How We Made Movie Magic	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Behind the Lines	publisher	Scribner
Heaven and Hell: My Life in the Eagles	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Heaven and Hell: My Life in the Eagles	publisher	Hyperion
Record of Lodoss War	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Illegal Citizens	publisher	Salaam Press
The Impersonators	publisher	Macmillan, Australia
Just Relations	publisher	Penguin, Australia
The Doubleman	publisher	Chatto and Windus, England
Meteoritics & Planetary Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Meteoritical Society
PachiPara DL Hyper Sea Story In Karibu	publisher	Irem
The Last Guy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Japan
Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood	publisher	Good News Publishers
Ratchet & Clank Future: Quest for Booty	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Christie's World Encyclopedia of Champagne & Sparkling Wine	publisher	Absolute Press
Follett's Modern American Usage	publisher	Hill & Wang
Collar the Lot!	publisher	Quartet Books
The Light Corridor	publisher	Infogrames
The Light and Darkness War	publisher	Epic Comics
Last Child in the Woods	publisher	Algonquin Books
Predictably Irrational	publisher	HarperCollins
Cold in the Earth	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Round-Up	publisher	Centuri
Round-Up	publisher	Taito Corporation
Tatsunoko Fight	publisher	Takara
Chibikko Kaiju Yadamon	publisher	Kodansha
Mad Shadows	publisher	Institut littéraire du Québec
Swords and Deviltry	publisher	Ace Books
Coffeetime Crosswords	publisher	Konami
78 Tage auf der Straße des Hasses	publisher	Delfinium Prints
When the Lion Feeds	publisher	Heinemann
7th Legion	publisher	MicroProse
Koihime Musō	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Journal of Theological Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine	publisher	John Wiley & Sons for the Mount Sinai School of Medicine
Total Politics	publisher	Dods
Lips	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Scene It%3F Box Office Smash	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Aji Ichi Monme	publisher	Shogakukan
Jhegaala	publisher	Tor Books
The Well	publisher	Viking Press, Australia
South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Uno Rush	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo	publisher	Kodansha
Stephen King's F13	publisher	Blue Byte Software
The No Asshole Rule	publisher	Business Plus
The Rose Rent	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
SimAnimals	publisher	Electronic Arts
Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars	publisher	Rockstar Games
Wii Sports Resort	publisher	Nintendo
SPIKES magazine	publisher	Haymarket Network
Zzyzzyxx	publisher	Cinematronics
Extinct Birds	publisher	Hutchinson
Extinct Birds	publisher	London
Dawn of Fantasy	publisher	505
MAG	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Beauty Confidential	publisher	Avon
Paper Towns	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs	publisher	Canaveral Press Ace Books Bison Books
Munch Man	publisher	Texas Instruments
Resistance: Retribution	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
War of the Wizards	publisher	Berkley Books
The Deniers	publisher	Richard Vigilante Books
Naruto: The Broken Bond	publisher	Ubisoft
King of the Pygmies	publisher	Candlewick Press
Flock!	publisher	Capcom
Singularity	publisher	Activision
Parliament of Whores	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Wolfenstein	publisher	Activision
Bird Talk	publisher	BowTie Inc.
Neighbours from Hell 2: On Vacation	publisher	Cinemaware
Neighbours from Hell 2: On Vacation	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Avatar: The Last Airbender – Into the Inferno	publisher	Play THQ
Wanted: Weapons of Fate	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
My Traitor's Heart	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Xam'd: Lost Memories	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
WALL-E	publisher	Play THQ
Gil Blas	publisher	Augustin-Alexandre Dumont
The Ox-Bow Incident	publisher	Random House
Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick	publisher	Passinger u.a.
A Witch's Tale	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
A Witch's Tale	publisher	NIS America
Mass Effect 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tytania	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Tytania	publisher	Square Enix
Tytania	publisher	Kodansha
Issue	publisher	Daiwon C.I.
Ant War	publisher	Anarchy Enterprises
The Devil on G-String	publisher	Akabeisoft2
The Devil on G-String	publisher	Sekai Project
Modern Theology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Slave-Girl from Jerusalem	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Warrior Kings: Battles	publisher	Empire Interactive
Warrior Kings: Battles	publisher	Strategy First
Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Journal of Late Antiquity	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Goliath	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Feminist Formations	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
FIFA Football 2003	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Hopkins Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Batman Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
There's a Wocket in My Pocket	publisher	Random House
First Light	publisher	Viking Press
Rumis	publisher	Sekkoia
Rumis	publisher	Educational Insights
Rumis	publisher	Murmel Spielwerkstatt und Verlag
Rumis	publisher	Alary Games
Dancing on Coral	publisher	Viking Press, USA
Central Asian Survey	publisher	Routledge
The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
Diabetes	publisher	American Diabetes Association
Diabetes Care	publisher	American Diabetes Association
The Unwilling Warlord	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Islands of the Blessed	publisher	Atheneum Books
Physics of the Impossible	publisher	Doubleday Publishing
Fat Princess	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids	publisher	Marion Boyars
Sugar Rush	publisher	Nexon
Beyond Thirty	publisher	Fantasy Press
Journey to the Stone Country	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Great Fire	publisher	Farrar Straus and Giroux
The Great Fire	publisher	Virago Press
An Introduction to Sustainable Development	publisher	Earthscan Publications Ltd
The Overloaded Ark	publisher	Faber & Faber
Halo 3: ODST	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Performance Car	publisher	Ascential
Performance Car	publisher	Unity Media
Sonora Review	publisher	University of Arizona
T+D	publisher	ASTD
Thomas no Shinzō	publisher	Shōgakukan
The Wonders of Nature	publisher	Josiah Priest
Super Spider-Man & Captain Britain	publisher	Marvel UK
Scare Tactics	publisher	DC Comics
PR-e-Sense	publisher	Prime Point Foundation
The Great World	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Oceana Fine	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
SpongeBob SquarePants featuring Nicktoons: Globs of Doom	publisher	Play THQ
The Valachi Papers	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Furifuri	publisher	Visual Art's
Two-Face: Year One	publisher	DC Comics
1 vs. 100	publisher	Destination Software
1 vs. 100	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Journal of Southeast Asian Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the National University of Singapore
Sonic and the Black Knight	publisher	Sega
The Act	publisher	Cecropia
The Act	publisher	Chillingo
Dead Rising: Chop Till You Drop	publisher	Capcom
Dead Rising: Chop Till You Drop	publisher	THQ: Australia
Basic Chess Endings	publisher	McKay
Journal of Clinical Epidemiology	publisher	Elsevier
The Stone Dogs	publisher	Baen Books
Under the Yoke	publisher	Baen Books
Dead Zone	publisher	SunSoft
Crash Commando	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Denver Quarterly	publisher	University of Denver
Century	publisher	Signet Books
The Wing of Madoola	publisher	SunSoft
Foreigner	publisher	Ace Books
Valkyrie no Bōken: Toki no Kagi Densetsu	publisher	Namco
American Journal of Epidemiology	publisher	Oxford University Press for the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
Epidemiology	publisher	Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins
Short Trips: How the Doctor Changed My Life	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Love Letters of Great Men	publisher	Publishing House ERSEN and Hainaim Publishing Co., Ltd.
Audition: A Memoir	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sports, Sin and Subversion	publisher	Amandala
Gears of War: Aspho Fields	publisher	Del Rey Books
Biomarker Insights	publisher	Libertas Academica
Cross Country	publisher	Little, Brown
Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game	publisher	Bandai
Cancer Informatics	publisher	Libertas Academica
Evolutionary Bioinformatics	publisher	Libertas Academica
Drug Target Insights	publisher	Libertas Academica
Clinical Medicine: Oncology	publisher	Libertas Academica
The Stranger Beside Me	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Annals of Epidemiology	publisher	Elsevier
Assault City	publisher	Sega
Marksman Shooting & Trap Shooting	publisher	Sega
European Journal of Epidemiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Thunder Blade	publisher	Sega
International Journal of Epidemiology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Victorian	publisher	Penny-Farthing Press
Bandits: Phoenix Rising	publisher	Pan Vision
Bandits: Phoenix Rising	publisher	Tri Synergy
Genetic Epidemiology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Genetic Epidemiology Society
Epidemiology and Infection	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life	publisher	Bantam Books
A Patriot's History of the United States	publisher	Sentinel HC
Eva	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Home: A Memoir of My Early Years	publisher	Hyperion
Sega Game Pack 4 in 1	publisher	Sega
Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Justice Undone	publisher	Mál og menning
Mistaken Identity: Two Families, One Survivor, Unwavering Hope	publisher	Howard Books
Dirty Blonde: The Diaries of Courtney Love	publisher	Faber & Faber
Tiny Tank	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Relic of Empire	publisher	Daw Books
An Outline Dictionary of Maya Glyphs	publisher	Johns Hopkins Press
Warhol-o-rama	publisher	Carnegie Mellon University Press
Stem Cell Reviews and Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Land I Lost	publisher	Harper & Row
Losing It	publisher	Free Press
Shutendoji	publisher	Kodansha
Shutendoji	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shutendoji	publisher	JICC
Shutendoji	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Lost Fleet: Valiant	publisher	Ace Books
Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures	publisher	Telltale Games
Barbershop Digest	publisher	Rock Point Communications
PopStar Guitar	publisher	XS Games
NCAA Basketball 09	publisher	EA Sports
Insight	publisher	Review and Herald Publishing Association
Two Bad Ants	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Transformers Animated: The Game	publisher	Activision
3 Willows: The Sisterhood Grows	publisher	Delacorte Press
Hell's Kitchen	publisher	Ubisoft
Batman: Cacophony	publisher	DC Comics
The Plantation	publisher	Paradox,
The Plantation	publisher	Berkley Books
The Dark Knight	publisher	Electronic Arts
Marihuana	publisher	Detective Fiction Weekly
Marihuana	publisher	Dell Publishing
Atlantica Online	publisher	KR NDOORS Corporation
Sign of the Cross	publisher	Penguin Group
Sign of the Cross	publisher	Penguin Books
Sword of God	publisher	Penguin Group
Sword of God	publisher	Penguin Books
The Lost Throne	publisher	Penguin Books
The Lost Throne	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Astro Boy	publisher	Sega
The Secret of Bastow Manor	publisher	SoftGold
The Dark Side	publisher	Doubleday
Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants	publisher	Bantam Books
Top Trumps: Doctor Who	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Top Trumps: Doctor Who	publisher	BBC Multimedia
The Lost Fleet: Dauntless	publisher	Ace Books
Ninja Rabbits	publisher	MicroValue
The Willow Tree	publisher	Marion Boyars Publishers
Questions of History	publisher	Institute of General History of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Dizzywood	publisher	Rocket Paper Scissors, LLC
Ninja Combat	publisher	SNK Playmore
Chain of Blame	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
Metroid	publisher	Nintendo
SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1	publisher	SNK Playmore
Date with Darkness	publisher	Rinehart
The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti	publisher	Chiasmus
World Heroes Anthology	publisher	SNK
World Heroes Anthology	publisher	Takara
Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World	publisher	Christopher Helm Publishers
Defending the Undefendable	publisher	Fleet Press
Draconus: Cult of the Wyrm	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Steel Mirror	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Beast Master	publisher	Shogakukan
Smoky Valley	publisher	Dell
The Klingon Gambit	publisher	Pocket Books
The Covenant of the Crown	publisher	Pocket Books
The Prometheus Design	publisher	Pocket Books
The Abode of Life	publisher	Pocket Books
Black Fire	publisher	Pocket Books
Triangle	publisher	Pocket Books
Collision Course	publisher	Avalon Books
Highways to a War	publisher	Heinemann, Australia
Web of the Romulans	publisher	Pocket Books
Duckman: The Graphic Adventures of a Private Dick	publisher	Playmates Interactive Entertainment
Journey Through a Small Planet	publisher	Penguin Classics
Herobear and the Kid	publisher	Astonish Factory
Thunder and Lightnings	publisher	Viking Press
Strike Gunner S.T.G.	publisher	Arcade: Tecmo
Strike Gunner S.T.G.	publisher	Super NES: Athena , NTVIC , Activision
Jumbor Barutronica	publisher	Shueisha
Jumbor Barutronica	publisher	Shueisha
In Her Shoes	publisher	Washington Square Press
Mutiny on the Enterprise	publisher	Pocket Books
Gunahon Ka Devta	publisher	Bhartiya Jnanpith
The Trellisane Confrontation	publisher	Pocket Books
Corona	publisher	Pocket Books
African Geographical Review	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Africa Specialty Group
Red Steel 2	publisher	Ubisoft
KORG DS-10	publisher	AQ Interactive
KORG DS-10	publisher	XSEED Games
KORG DS-10	publisher	Nintendo Australia
Garry's Mod	publisher	Valve Corporation
My Enemy, My Ally	publisher	Pocket Books
My Dearest Devil Princess	publisher	Jive
The Tears of the Singers	publisher	Pocket Books
The Vulcan Academy Murders	publisher	Pocket Books
Uhura's Song	publisher	Pocket Books
Maken-ki!	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Pound	publisher	Rodrigo Bascunan, Michael Evans
Shadow Lord	publisher	Pocket Books
Killing Time	publisher	Pocket Books
Dwellers in the Crucible	publisher	Pocket Books
Imagination Is the Only Escape	publisher	Alten8
Pawns and Symbols	publisher	Pocket Books
Demon Prince Enma	publisher	Kodansha
Dororon Enma-kun	publisher	Shogakukan
Dororon Enma-kun	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Dororon Enma-kun	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Dororon Enma-kun	publisher	Sanwa Publishing
Dororon Enma-kun	publisher	Shueisha
Dororon Enma-kun	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Rewired: The Post-Cyberpunk Anthology	publisher	Tachyon Publications
Prisoner of the Daleks	publisher	BBC Books
Prisoner of the Daleks	publisher	BBC Audio
The Slitheen Excursion	publisher	BBC Books
Mindshadow	publisher	Pocket Books
Crisis on Centaurus	publisher	Pocket Books
Dreadnought!	publisher	Pocket Books
Encyclopedia of American Studies	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Demons	publisher	Pocket Books
Partial Answers	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Progress in Community Health Partnerships	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Day's Work	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Wizard in the Woods	publisher	Candlewick Press
Survival Project	publisher	border|x15px|link=World|World HanbitSoft
Survival Project	publisher	Happy Digi / HanbitSoft
Survival Project	publisher	Asia Pacific Entertainment Networks / HanbitSoft
Survival Project	publisher	E-Games Malaysia
Survival Project	publisher	PlayOn Interactive
Survival Project	publisher	Gungho Online Entertainment
Survival Project	publisher	Siam Infinit / HanbitSoft
Scooby-Doo	publisher	Elite Systems Ltd
One	publisher	Vanguard Press
The Cheetah Girls: Pop Star Sensations	publisher	Buena Vista Games
The Vampire Curse	publisher	Big Finish Productions
International Journal of Biometeorology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Battlestations!	publisher	Pocket Books
Chain of Attack	publisher	Pocket Books
Deep Domain	publisher	Pocket Books
I Saw It	publisher	Shueisha, Holp Shuppan
Dreams of the Raven	publisher	Pocket Books
CutBank	publisher	University of Montana
The Romulan Way	publisher	Pocket Books
The IDIC Epidemic	publisher	Pocket Books
The Given Day	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Pandora Principle	publisher	Pocket Books
Rules of Engagement	publisher	Pocket Books
The State	publisher	Unknown
The Cry of the Onlies	publisher	Pocket Books
The Final Nexus	publisher	Pocket Books
Double, Double	publisher	Pocket Books
Memory Prime	publisher	Pocket Books
Timetrap	publisher	Pocket Books
The Three-Minute Universe	publisher	Pocket Books
Doctor's Orders	publisher	Pocket Books
The Real Ghostbusters	publisher	Marvel UK
The Real Ghostbusters	publisher	NOW Comics
Letty Fox: Her Luck	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
Out of the Cradle	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Enemy Unseen	publisher	Pocket Books
Cursed Mountain	publisher	Deep Silver
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Adventures	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Jack Keane	publisher	RuneSoft
Incoming Forces	publisher	Hip Interactive
The Murder Book	publisher	Ballantine Books
Hamptons	publisher	Greenspun Media Group
Escape of the Living Dead	publisher	Avatar Press
Serpentine	publisher	Brøderbund
The Cold Moon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder	publisher	Guidry & Adkins
Heiankyo Alien	publisher	Denki Onkyō
Heiankyo Alien	publisher	Meldac
Heiankyo Alien	publisher	Nihon Bussan
North Dakota Quarterly	publisher	University of North Dakota
South Dakota Review	publisher	University of South Dakota
Beyond the Farthest Star	publisher	Ace Books
Hollow Earth Expedition	publisher	Exile Game Studio
Dorohedoro	publisher	Shogakukan
Foxy Lady	publisher	Ichijinsha
Marvel Zombies 3	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Two Jasons	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Missing Adventures	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Double Trouble	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Circus World	publisher	Berkley Books, New York
Home Is the Hunter	publisher	Pocket Books
The Bond of Saint Marcel	publisher	Archaia Studios Press
Voyages of Imagination	publisher	Pocket Books
Old man	publisher	Union of Swiss Short Wave Amateurs
Night Walker	publisher	Dell
Line of Fire	publisher	Dell
Wirehead	publisher	Sega
Yen Plus	publisher	Yen Press
Batman: The Video Game	publisher	Sunsoft
A Tangled Tale	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Green Mountains Review	publisher	Johnson State College
Assignment: Murder	publisher	Dell Publishing
Hinton Parklander	publisher	Pam Thesen
Jasper Booster	publisher	Sonia Germain
Nuclear Implosions: The Rise and Fall of the Washington Public Power Supply System	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Mad River	publisher	Dell
The Big Country	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Big Country	publisher	Dell Comics
The Man from Santa Clara	publisher	Dell Publishing
Elsewhere	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
The Wild Trees	publisher	Anchor Books
The Valley-Westside War	publisher	Tor Books
Mind & Language	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
My Grandfather's Son	publisher	HarperCollins
In High Places	publisher	Tor Books
Texas Fever	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Curious Notions	publisher	Tor Books
Gunpowder Empire	publisher	Tor Books
Personal Demon	publisher	Viking Press
Personal Demon	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Super Spy	publisher	SNK
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen	publisher	Activision
Star Trek: Assignment: Earth	publisher	IDW Publishing
FX	publisher	IDW Publishing
A Is for Alien	publisher	Subterranean Press
My Place	publisher	Fremantle Arts Centre
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae	publisher	Shogakukan
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Cocoto Fishing Master	publisher	BigBen Interactive
Animal's People	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Outcast	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Sontaran Games	publisher	BBC Books
Judgement of the Judoon	publisher	BBC Books
Wings of Hell	publisher	Del Rey Books
Fez	publisher	Trapdoor
The Way To Cook	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Clockwork Girl	publisher	Arcana Studios
The Lonely Man of Faith	publisher	Maggid Books & OU Press
Dream Prisoner	publisher	Procurion 9
The Samurai's Garden	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
The Curse of Sherwood	publisher	Mastertronic
Panther in the Basement	publisher	Harvest Books
Wetlands	publisher	M. DuMont Schauberg
Shellshock 2: Blood Trails	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Evenor	publisher	Ballantine Books
StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans	publisher	DC Comics
The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans	publisher	Marvel Comics
Canadian Journal of Philosophy	publisher	University of Calgary Press
Twenty Chickens for a Saddle	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
European Journal of Philosophy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Pacific Philosophical Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the School of Philosophy at the University of Southern California
Ben 10: Alien Force	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Associate	publisher	Doubleday
The Black Onyx	publisher	Blue Planet Software
Black Mass: Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Gospel According to the Son	publisher	Random House
The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Anett Futatabi	publisher	Wolf Team
Shopaholic and Baby	publisher	Black Swan
The Barbecue Bible	publisher	Workman Publishing
Test Drive Off-Road 3	publisher	Infogrames
Dead Children Playing	publisher	Naked Guides Ltd
Dead Children Playing	publisher	Verso Press United States
The Obama Nation	publisher	Threshold Editions, an imprint of Simon & Schuster
Darwin's World	publisher	RPGObjects
Imaginiff	publisher	Buffalo Games
The Magic Thief	publisher	HarperCollins  and Quercus
The Way of the World	publisher	Harper
War Surgery in Afghanistan and Iraq: A Series of Cases, 2003–2007	publisher	United States Army and Borden Institute
Pendragon: Before the War	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Multiwinia	publisher	Introversion Software
Multiwinia	publisher	Ambrosia Software
Superman vs. Muhammad Ali	publisher	DC Comics
Every Man Dies Alone	publisher	Melville House Publishing
The Godfather II	publisher	Electronic Arts
Starship Troopers: Terran Ascendancy	publisher	Microprose
Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Ruum	publisher	Fantasy House, Inc.
Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet	publisher	Penguin Books
The Seven Hills	publisher	Ace Books
Das Königsprojekt	publisher	Piper
Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages	publisher	Random House
Rebel Raiders: Operation Nighthawk	publisher	Jack Of All Games
Rebel Raiders: Operation Nighthawk	publisher	XS Games
Keziah Dane	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Chocolatier	publisher	PlayFirst
Ward of the State	publisher	Image Comics
Spy Games: Elevator Mission	publisher	UFO Interactive Games
Theoretical and Applied Genetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Philosophical Perspectives	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Philosophy & Public Affairs	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
African Invertebrates	publisher	Council of the KwaZulu-Natal Museum, Pensoft Publishers
Generation Dead	publisher	Simon and Schuster
Těšínsko	publisher	Muzeum Těšínska
The Lost Fleet: Fearless	publisher	Ace Books
Morgan's Run	publisher	Century
Morgan's Run	publisher	Simon & Schuster
International Journal of Software and Informatics	publisher	Chinese Academy of Sciences
Frantic	publisher	Imagine Software
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw	publisher	Amulet Books
Zubo	publisher	Electronic Arts
Karaoke Studio	publisher	Bandai
Dances on the Snow	publisher	AST
Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior	publisher	Puffin Books
Peace@Pieces	publisher	Unisonshift
Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars	publisher	Psyonix
Commonwealth	publisher	Cage Publishing
The Lottery and Other Stories	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Resistance	publisher	Pocket Books
Dance Music Report	publisher	Tom Silverman; later also Vince Pellegrino
Dark Mirror	publisher	Star Trek
Bakuman	publisher	Shueisha
Onechanbara: Bikini Samurai Squad	publisher	D3 Publisher
Darkness Within 2: The Dark Lineage	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Show Boat	publisher	Doubleday
Show Boat	publisher	Heinemann
Replica Magazine	publisher	Global Tat Productions
Virtual Skipper 5: 32nd America's Cup: The Game	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Barbarian II	publisher	Psygnosis
The Island of Dr. Brain	publisher	Sierra Online
World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates	publisher	United States Department of Agriculture
Darkest Hour	publisher	Pocket Books
Experimental Mathematics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Prism International	publisher	University of British Columbia
Monty: His Part in My Victory	publisher	Penguin Books
Madame Doubtfire	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Rollin	publisher	Ticsoft
Mr. Justice Raffles	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Wizard in Wonderland	publisher	Candlewick Press
Mechanized Attack	publisher	SNK
Badjelly the Witch	publisher	Hobbs
Badjelly the Witch	publisher	Michael Joseph
Batman: Holy Terror	publisher	Elseworlds
FairlyLife	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Black Mask	publisher	Richards, London
Clinical Proteomics	publisher	Humana Press
Grandpa Danger	publisher	Shogakukan
How I Became Stupid	publisher	Abba Wolf
The Amateur Cracksman	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Saturn's Children	publisher	Ace Books
Saturn's Children	publisher	Orbit
Missile Gap	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Kathmandu Post	publisher	Kantipur Publications
Warrior Marks	publisher	Harcourt Brace
A Thief in the Night	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Little Walls	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Geometric and Functional Analysis	publisher	Birkhauser, Springer-Verlag
The Beatles: The Biography	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Masks of Time	publisher	Ballantine Books
Van Helsing: From Beneath the Rue Morgue	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Casshern Sins	publisher	Jive
Star Wars: The Clone Wars	publisher	Del Rey Books
Solium Infernum	publisher	Cryptic Comet
Batman: Arkham Asylum	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Batman: Arkham Asylum	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Fatal Care: Survive in the U.S. Health System	publisher	IGI Publishing
Team Performance Management	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Dave Barry Turns 50	publisher	Crown
Superman and Spider-Man	publisher	DC Comics
Superman and Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dengeki Gakuen RPG: Cross of Venus	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Perfil	publisher	Jorge Fontevecchia
The Perfect Murder	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Soldier Boys	publisher	Simon Pulse
Analyzing Intelligence	publisher	Georgetown University Press
Getter Robo Go	publisher	Shogakukan
Getter Robo Go	publisher	Shogakukan
Getter Robo Go	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Getter Robo Go	publisher	Daitosha
Flunk Punk Rumble	publisher	Kodansha
Unsolved Crimes	publisher	Empire Interactive
Ghost-Walker	publisher	Pocket Books
A Flag Full of Stars	publisher	Pocket Books
Gin Rummy	publisher	Sierra Online
Heroes of the Fiery Cross	publisher	Pillar of Fire Church
Overlord II	publisher	Codemasters
The Butterfly Hunter	publisher	unpublished
Overlord: Minions	publisher	Codemasters
Overlord: Dark Legend	publisher	Codemasters
Supreme Courtship	publisher	Twelve
Universe 3	publisher	Random House
ZMD: Zombies of Mass Destruction	publisher	Red 5 Comics
The False Inspector Dew	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Glade Within the Grove	publisher	Fourth Estate, U.K.
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl	publisher	Disney Interactive
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Gray Victory	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Bun Fun	publisher	Squirrel
The Case Against Barack Obama	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Time Diver: Eon Man	publisher	Taito Corporation
Time Diver: Eon Man	publisher	Nitra Corporation
Spy Snatcher	publisher	Topologika
Grand Ages: Rome	publisher	Kalypso Media
Cyber Speedway	publisher	Sega
Clash of Eagles	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Annals of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade	publisher	University of Belgrade Faculty of Law
S.S. Astro	publisher	Houbunsha
Swords & Soldiers	publisher	Ronimo Games \nChillingo
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	Arcade
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	Taito Corporation
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	PlayStation 2
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	XS Games
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	Xbox
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	Mediaquest
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	Windows
Shikigami no Shiro	publisher	Sourcenext
Knights of Valour	publisher	International Games System
The Defence of Duffer's Drift	publisher	W. Clowes & Sons, London, reprinted from the United Service Magazine
The Divine Worshipper	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Jimi Hendrix: An Illustrated Experience	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Higher Criticism	publisher	Institute for Higher Critical Studies
A Jolly Good Fellow	publisher	Good Harbor Press
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	publisher	Oxford University Press
D-Day	publisher	O3 Entertainment
Break 'Em All	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Wench Is Dead	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Mussolini: His Part in My Downfall	publisher	Michael Joseph
Mussolini: His Part in My Downfall	publisher	Penguin Books
Sorry	publisher	Vintage Books, Australia
Dreams of Speaking	publisher	Vintage Books, Australia
Equinox	publisher	Mikro-Gen
Tonari no 801-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Chhinnamastar Abhishap	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Warmonger: Operation Downtown Destruction	publisher	NetDevil
Cluedo: Discover the Secrets	publisher	Parker Brothers
Astronomy and Astrophysics	publisher	EDP Sciences for European Southern Observatory
Havok	publisher	Bluebird Toys
Heroes Over Europe	publisher	Ubisoft
The Secret of the Kingdom	publisher	Werner Söderström Osakeyhtiö
The Four-Story Mistake	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Then There Were Five	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Return to Gone-Away	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
Battle Cry of Freedom	publisher	Oxford University Press
Dark Palace	publisher	Knopf, Australia
The Witching Hour	publisher	DC Comics
Computer Physics Communications	publisher	Elsevier
Drylands	publisher	Penguin Books, Australia
Gone Tomorrow	publisher	Bantam Press
Gone Tomorrow	publisher	Dell Publishing
Benang	publisher	Fremantle Press, Australia
The Colossus of Rhodes	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Fuel	publisher	Codemasters
The House of the Dead: Overkill	publisher	Sega
Arctic Drift	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Cluetrain Manifesto	publisher	Basic Books
Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace	publisher	Basic Books
Freaky Creatures	publisher	Abandon Interactive Entertainment
The New Life	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Alien Crush Returns	publisher	Hudson Soft
Gu Gu Ganmo	publisher	Shogakukan
The Kore Gang	publisher	Pixonauts
The Kore Gang	publisher	Games Foundation
The Kore Gang	publisher	Atari
Kimera	publisher	Shueisha
Postcode: The Splintering of a Nation	publisher	Pluto Press Australia
Experimental Physiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Hearts of Iron III	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Aberrant	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Aberrant	publisher	Onyx Path Publishing
Human Brain Mapping	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Bad Science: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion	publisher	Random House
Harvard Design Magazine	publisher	Harvard Graduate School of Design
And Then There Were None	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Steel Fist Riku	publisher	Flex Comix
Anno 1404	publisher	Ubisoft
All That: Fresh out the Box	publisher	Aladdin
Automated Alice	publisher	Doubleday
Suikoden Tierkreis	publisher	Konami
Buzz!: Brain Bender	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Magnetic Resonance in Medicine	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
American Catholic Philosophical Quarterly	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center for the American Catholic Philosophical Association
Silkroad Online	publisher	Yahoo! Korea
Silkroad Online	publisher	--05-12
EyePet	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Eagle in the Sand	publisher	Headline
Sorcerer Lord	publisher	PSS
Star Wars: Republic Commando: Order 66	publisher	THQ Wireless
Arctic Chill	publisher	Random House
Peter and Wendy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Peter and Wendy	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Macarthur	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
ABNKKBSNPLAko%3F!	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Eurosurveillance	publisher	European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control
Tony Hawk's Motion	publisher	Activision
One on One	publisher	Dutton Adult
Petit Eva: Evangelion@School	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Diablo II: Lord of Destruction	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Saikyō! Toritsu Aoizaka Kōkō Yakyūbu	publisher	Shogakukan
Artist Acro	publisher	Shogakukan
Risen	publisher	Deep Silver
Earth 2150: Lost Souls	publisher	Strategy First
The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories	publisher	Penguin Books
Death in the Andes	publisher	Planeta
Third Text	publisher	Routledge
Laugh Comics	publisher	Archie Comics
Dancing with the Stars: We Dance!	publisher	Activision
Diablo: Hellfire	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
My Chinese Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
Monsters Unleashed	publisher	Curtis Magazines
Science Fiction Monthly	publisher	New English Library
The Scribes from Alexandria	publisher	Orion Books
Gym and Slimline	publisher	Preface Publishing
The Blue World	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Flood	publisher	Polygon Books
Bratz: Girlz Really Rock	publisher	THQ
The Nightmare Factory: Volume 2	publisher	Fox Atomic Comics
Palette of 12 Secret Colors	publisher	Hakusensha
The Rampaging Hulk	publisher	Curtis Magazines
Blade Runner	publisher	CRL Group PLC
The Mona Intercept	publisher	Fawcett Gold Medal
The Soft Centre	publisher	Robert Hale, 1964
Banzai Girl	publisher	Sirius Comics
Banzai Girl	publisher	Arcana Studio
The Five Gold Bands	publisher	Toby Press
Kongoh Bancho	publisher	Shogakukan
Murder Twice Told	publisher	Rinehart
1080 recetas de cocina	publisher	Alianza Editorial SA, Phaidon Press
Iron Men and Silver Stars	publisher	Fawcett Publications
From Here to Infinity	publisher	Oxford Paperbacks
On Guns and Hunting	publisher	Fawcett Publications
International Journal of Baudrillard Studies	publisher	Bishops University
Shooting at the Moon	publisher	Steerforth Press
MAX: A Maximum Ride Novel	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Arc of Infinity	publisher	Target Books
Public Archaeology	publisher	Maney Publishing
La Maison du chat-qui-pelote	publisher	Mame-Delaunay
Star Trek: The Next Generation U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D Blueprints	publisher	Pocket Books
Le Bal de Sceaux	publisher	Mame et Delaunay-Vallée
The Glass Castle	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Samurai Girl	publisher	Simon Pulse
Ink Exchange	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of Harper Collins
Foreskin's Lament: A Memoir	publisher	Riverhead Hardcover
Otometeki Koi Kakumei Love Revo!!	publisher	Interchannel
Otometeki Koi Kakumei Love Revo!!	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Otometeki Koi Kakumei Love Revo!!	publisher	Asgard
Otometeki Koi Kakumei Love Revo!!	publisher	Idea Factory
The Cool World	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Their Darkest Hour	publisher	Ebury Press
The Secret of Annexe 3	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Riddle of the Third Mile	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Jewel That Was Ours	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Road of Bones	publisher	Doubleday
Last Seen Wearing	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ambush Bug: Year None	publisher	DC Comics
Icon of Evil	publisher	Random House
Icon of Evil	publisher	Transaction Publishers
Bulletin of Marine Science	publisher	Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science
The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Captain Beeble	publisher	Inhome Software
Service of All the Dead	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases	publisher	Public Library of Science
H.A.T.E.: Hostile All-Terrain Encounter	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Infinity Blues	publisher	Akashic Books
Burosh	publisher	Roof on Fire Productions
Ranks of Bronze	publisher	Baen Books
Harvard Papers in Botany	publisher	Harvard University
Old Town in the Green Groves	publisher	HarperCollins
The Forlorn Hope	publisher	Tor Books
Democracy and Education	publisher	Macmillan
Love Without Hope	publisher	Picador, Australia
A Most Wanted Man	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Way Through the Woods	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Death Is Now My Neighbour	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Daughters of Cain	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Careless	publisher	Vintage Books, Australia
In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson	publisher	Harper & Row
Bakegyamon	publisher	Shogakukan
Boys Esté	publisher	Kodansha
Whip Hand	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Museum of Innocence	publisher	İletişim
Wit and Wisdom of Discworld	publisher	Doubleday
M.U.D.S. – Mean Ugly Dirty Sport	publisher	Rainbow Arts
The Forever Trap	publisher	BBC Audio
The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution	publisher	Harvard University Press
Sophia	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media for University of Melbourne Dept. of Philosophy
True Believers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Like a Family	publisher	University of North Carolina Press
Landscape of Farewell	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Pittsburgh Tax Review	publisher	University of Pittsburgh School of Law
Dave Barry Turns 40	publisher	Crown
Monogatari	publisher	Kodansha
Oxford Dictionary of Saints	publisher	Oxford University Press all editions
No Laughing Matter	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Club of Queer Trades	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Maid Sama!	publisher	Hakusensha
Son of the Tree	publisher	Ace Books
Superstar Ice Hockey	publisher	Mindscape
Dancing in my Nuddy-Pants	publisher	HarperCollins
Madam Secretary	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Scientific Study of Religion
Black Butler	publisher	Square Enix
High School Musical 3: Senior Year Dance	publisher	Disney Interactive
Gotham Underground	publisher	DC Comics
Help at Any Cost	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Howling II	publisher	Hamlyn
The Company They Keep	publisher	Kent State University Press
To Hell and Back	publisher	CRL Group PLC
The Steel Remains	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
White Guilt	publisher	HarperCollins
Grandmaster Chess	publisher	Capstone Software
Ramage	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Ramage	publisher	Lippincott Publishers
Lucinda Brayford	publisher	Cresset Press
Betty Crocker Cookbook	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
Incandescence	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Critical Masses: Opposition to Nuclear Power in California, 1958-1978	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine	publisher	Aerospace Medical Association
Surveillance Kanshisha	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Chimera's Curse	publisher	Oxford University Press
Football Manager 2009	publisher	Sega
Disguise	publisher	Fourth Estate
MaBoShi: The Three Shape Arcade	publisher	Nintendo
Water Resources Research	publisher	American Geophysical Union
Dangerous Streets	publisher	Flair Software
The China Quarterly	publisher	Cambridge University Press for the School of Oriental and African Studies
Marburg Journal of Religion	publisher	University of Marburg
High School Musical 3: Senior Year	publisher	Disney Interactive
Betrayal at Falador	publisher	Babel Interactive Ltd.
American Creation	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Negative Burn	publisher	Caliber Press
Negative Burn	publisher	Image Comics
Negative Burn	publisher	Desperado Publishing
Small	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Buzz! Junior: Ace Racers	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Un taxi mauve	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Microcosm	publisher	Psygnosis
Slugs	publisher	W. H. Allen Ltd
Canadian Family Physician	publisher	The College of Family Physicians of Canada
Heavy Water and Other Stories	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Heavy Water and Other Stories	publisher	Harmony Books
The Maze of Bones	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Lucky's Collectors Guide to 20th Century Yo-Yos	publisher	LJ Swim & Surf
Talking It Over	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Talking It Over	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Broken Shore	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
The Mark of the Assassin	publisher	Villard
Greensboro Review	publisher	University of North Carolina at Greensboro
Passages North	publisher	Northern Michigan University
Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Sacrifice	publisher	505
HotShot	publisher	Addictive Games
HotShot	publisher	Prism Leisure
The Gargoyle	publisher	Random House
The Gargoyle	publisher	Doubleday
The Gargoyle	publisher	Canongate Books
History of Shit	publisher	C. Bourgois
Tank Universal	publisher	Meridian4
Fifteen	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
Eternal Filena	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Santa Esperanza	publisher	Pendo Verlag
Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories	publisher	Subterranean Press
Venus on the Half-Shell and Others	publisher	Subterranean Press
Charlton Spotlight	publisher	Argo Press
Bones and Silence	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Harpur Palate	publisher	Department of English
Harpur Palate	publisher	Binghamton University
Magic Study	publisher	Mira
Midnight: A Gangster Love Story	publisher	Atria/Simon & Schuster
Midnight: A Gangster Love Story	publisher	Washington Square Press/Simon & Schuster
Devil's Knot: The True Story of the West Memphis Three	publisher	Atria Books
Denpa teki na Kanojo	publisher	Shueisha
How Angel Peterson Got His Name	publisher	Wendy Lamb Books
Ruling Passion	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Journal of Accounting Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Accounting Research Center at the Booth School of Business
An Advancement of Learning	publisher	Collins Crime Club
A Clubbable Woman	publisher	Collins Crime Club
The Accounting Review	publisher	American Accounting Association
An April Shroud	publisher	Collins Crime Club
A Pinch of Snuff	publisher	Collins Crime Club
A Killing Kindness	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Chain of Evidence	publisher	Soho Press, New York
Diablo III	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Journal of Automata, Languages and Combinatorics	publisher	Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg
Crusade	publisher	Dutton Penguin
New Zealand Journal of Asian Studies	publisher	New Zealand Asian Studies Society
Do Not Open	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
The Love Dare	publisher	B & H Publishing Group
Cat Paradise	publisher	Akita Shoten
Health Physics Society	publisher	Health Physics Society / Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Treasure Fever!	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Ars Mathematica Contemporanea	publisher	University of Primorska with Institute of Mathematics, Physics, and Mechanics and Society of Mathematicians, Physicists and Astronomers of Slovenia
Anima: Age of the Robots	publisher	Self-published
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner 2: Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon	publisher	Atlus
Line and Strength	publisher	Random House Publishers
Castle of Terror	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Football Manager	publisher	Addictive Games
Tori-Emaki	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Knife That Killed Me	publisher	Definitions
The Knife of Never Letting Go	publisher	Walker Books
The Watchman	publisher	Bantam Books
The Quest Trio	publisher	Activision
Interphase	publisher	Image Works
Shatter	publisher	Sphere Books, London
Lost	publisher	Time Warner Book Group, London
Scattershot	publisher	Dutton Adult
The Seventh Decade	publisher	Metropolitan Books, an imprint of Henry Holt & Company
The Beauty of Fractals	publisher	Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg
Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers	publisher	Hellenic Philatelic Society of Great Britain
Five Have a Wonderful Time	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Go to Mystery Moor	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Private Patient	publisher	Faber & Faber
Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue	publisher	Orion Books
The Faerie Path	publisher	Eos
Lock's Quest	publisher	THQ
Ryū	publisher	Shogakukan
Summer Athletics	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Ladybug Girl	publisher	Dial
The Earl and the Fairy	publisher	Shueisha
Celebrity Sports Showdown	publisher	EA Sports
Colors Insulting to Nature	publisher	Harper Perennial
Aether	publisher	Armor Games
How to Host a Murder	publisher	Decipher, Inc.
A Mind to Murder	publisher	Faber & Faber
Monkey Puzzle	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Unfinished Twentieth Century	publisher	Verso
Taxi	publisher	Aflame Book
Taxi	publisher	London
The City & the City	publisher	Macmillan
Ghost Hunter	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Good Schools Guide	publisher	Lucas Publications, Galore Park Publishing
La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange	publisher	www.larousse.fr
Nora: The Last Chronicle of Devildom	publisher	Shueisha
Geon	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Geon	publisher	UFO Interactive
Space Battleship Yamato: Nijū Ginga no Hōkai	publisher	Bandai
Space Battleship Yamato: Iscandar e no Tsuioku	publisher	Bandai
Space Battleship Yamato	publisher	Bandai
You Can't Be President	publisher	Melville House Publishing
The Planet Savers	publisher	Ace Books
The Sword of Aldones	publisher	Ace Books
Singles 2: Triple Trouble	publisher	Deep Silver
The Dragon Man	publisher	Allen and Unwin, Australia
The Savage Garden	publisher	HarperCollins
The Sail and Steam Navy List	publisher	Chatham Publishing
The Costello Memoirs	publisher	Melbourne University Publishing
Xanadu	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Romancia	publisher	Nihon Falcom
The Brush-Off	publisher	Text Publishing
The Bloody Sun	publisher	Ace Books
Star of Danger	publisher	Ace Books
Boys of Steel	publisher	Knopf Books for Young Readers
TerraFire	publisher	ORT Software
Groovin' Blocks	publisher	Zoo Publishing
Groovin' Blocks	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Tommy's War	publisher	Harper Collins
Bad Debts	publisher	HarperCollins, Australia
Flood	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
My Dad, John McCain	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
The War Within	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Galactic Command	publisher	GameTap
Galactic Command	publisher	3000
International Journal of Private Law	publisher	Inderscience Publishers
Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe	publisher	Times Books/Henry Holt
Phantasy Star 0	publisher	Sega
Zaregoto Series	publisher	Kodansha
The Gift of Rain	publisher	Myrmidon Books
The Gift of Rain	publisher	Weinstein Books
Three to See the King	publisher	Flamingo
The Stand	publisher	Marvel Comics
Hot, Flat, and Crowded	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Guitar Praise	publisher	Digital Praise
SPRay	publisher	Tecmo
Corporal to Field Officer	publisher	Copp Clark
Falcons of Narabedla	publisher	Ace Books
Black Tide	publisher	Bantam, Australia
Brave Companions: Portraits in History	publisher	Prentice Hall
Dead Point	publisher	Bantam, Australia
White Dog	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Susano Oh	publisher	Kodansha
Susano Oh	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Susano Oh	publisher	Nihonbungeisha
Mao's Last Dancer	publisher	Penguin
Dungeons & Dragons	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Alcheringa	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Sugarbunnies	publisher	Shogakukan
Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows	publisher	Del Rey Books
Chicago Review	publisher	University of Chicago
Shooting Star	publisher	Bantam, Australia
Dynasty Warriors: Gundam 2	publisher	Bandai Namco
The Mind's Eye	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The children of Niobe	publisher	The Estia Bookstore
Moley Christmas	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Moley Christmas	publisher	Your Sinclair
Greyhawk	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Blackmoor	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Iron Virgin Jun	publisher	Shogakukan
EJay	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Le Bois des Vierges	publisher	Robert Laffont
Wanted	publisher	Sega Corporation
The Torture Papers	publisher	Oxford University Press
Who Would Have Thought It%3F	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
The Birds and Other Stories	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
El Dorado Gate	publisher	Capcom
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 3	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 2	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 4	publisher	DAW Books
Samurai Harem: Asu no Yoichi	publisher	Akita Shoten
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 5	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 6	publisher	DAW Books
Shanghai Girls	publisher	Random House, Inc.
The Fugitive from Corinth	publisher	Orion Books
Wilmott Magazine	publisher	Wiley Publishing
Princess of Gossip	publisher	MTV, Simon and Schuster
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 7	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 8	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 9	publisher	DAW Books
Ulverton	publisher	Harvill Secker
India After Gandhi	publisher	Harper Collins
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 10	publisher	DAW Books
The Crisis	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 13	publisher	DAW Books
Crimson Skies	publisher	ACES Studio, Microsoft, Tsunami Visual Technologies
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 12	publisher	DAW Books
Exile of Atlantis	publisher	Lancer Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 11	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 14	publisher	DAW Books
Ozanari Dungeon	publisher	Gakken
Ozanari Dungeon	publisher	Biblos
Ozanari Dungeon	publisher	Jive
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 15	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 16	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 17	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 18	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 20	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 19	publisher	DAW Books
Sanity: Aiken's Artifact	publisher	Fox Interactive
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 24	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 22	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 21	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 23	publisher	DAW Books
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 25	publisher	DAW Books
The Last of the Winnebagos	publisher	Dell Magazines
Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica	publisher	Loescher editore
My Japanese Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
Abstract and Applied Analysis	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Academy of Management Journal	publisher	Academy of Management
Acta Archaeologica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Acta Biomaterialia	publisher	Elsevier
Acta Biotheoretica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Night Sky Mine	publisher	Penguin Group
The Rod of Seven Parts	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Heavy Nova	publisher	Micronet co., Ltd.
Shōjo Sekai	publisher	Sazanami Iwaya
Farmerphile: The Magazine of Philip José Farmer	publisher	Michael Croteau
Science and Technology of Advanced Materials	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Science and Technology of Advanced Materials	publisher	IOP Publishing
Science and Technology of Advanced Materials	publisher	Elsevier
Azada: Ancient Magic	publisher	Big Fish Games
Pirates: Duels on the High Seas	publisher	Oxygen Games
Ghostgirl	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Seigi no Mikata	publisher	Shueisha
Data and Knowledge Engineering	publisher	Elsevier
You Can Heal Your Life	publisher	Hay House
CSI: NY	publisher	Ubisoft
The Cyborg from Earth	publisher	Tor Books
Oira Sukeban	publisher	Shogakukan
The Managed Heart	publisher	The University of California Press
Sunnyside	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith	publisher	University of Queensland Press
The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Romanno Bridge	publisher	Quercus
The Gadget	publisher	Random House
The Door Through Space	publisher	Ace Books
Potpourrii	publisher	Abstraction Games
Battle Through Time	publisher	Anirog Software
Savage Moon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Resistance	publisher	Faber and Faber Limited
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion	publisher	Znamya
Up and Down the Scratchy Mountains	publisher	Random House
Third Coast	publisher	Western Michigan University
Angler: The Cheney Vice Presidency	publisher	Penguin Press
The Winter Men	publisher	Wildstorm
MazinSaga	publisher	Shueisha
MazinSaga	publisher	Fusosha
Religion	publisher	Routledge
DJ Hero	publisher	Activision
Shadow of a Dark Queen	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories	publisher	Random House
I'll Take You There	publisher	Ecco Press
And Another Thing...	publisher	Penguin Books
And Another Thing...	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Crossing of Ingo	publisher	HarperCollins
Diaries of an Internet Lover	publisher	Virgin Books
MLB Stickball	publisher	2
Microsoft Entertainment Pack	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Domino Master	publisher	PC: TikGames, Real
Domino Master	publisher	Xbox 360: Microsoft Game Studios
Rugrats: Totally Angelica	publisher	THQ
More Information Than You Require	publisher	Penguin Group
Clone Wars Adventures	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
Travels	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Biomarkers	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
The Forbidden Tower	publisher	DAW Books
Raven	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Iron Soldier	publisher	Atari Corporation
Iron Soldier	publisher	Telegames
Iron Soldier	publisher	Vatical Entertainment / Telegames
Blood of Dreams	publisher	Viking Press
Psychiatric Genetics	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Swords & Spells	publisher	TSR, Inc.
International Studies Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association
Dark Horizon	publisher	Paradox Interactive
A Great Wall: Six Presidents and China	publisher	Public Affairs
The Happy Isles of Oceania	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
6 Nimmt!	publisher	Amigo Spiele
Savage Season	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Savage Season	publisher	Black Lizard
Life	publisher	Kodansha
The Keeper's Price	publisher	DAW Books
Blankety Blank: A Memoir of Vulgaria	publisher	Raw Dog Screaming Press
Sword of Chaos	publisher	DAW Books
The Con	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw Online	publisher	THQ
Talvisota: Icy Hell	publisher	Nival Interactive
Talvisota: Icy Hell	publisher	Blitzfront Game Studio
The Wrong Doyle	publisher	Sceptre
The Exception to the Rulers	publisher	Hyperion
Madeleine's Ghost	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Pirate's Daughter: A Novel of Adventure	publisher	Delacorte Press
Girls in Love	publisher	Corgi Books
Mad Love Chase	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Monster Rancher Battle Card Game	publisher	Tecmo
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Second Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Checkered Flag	publisher	Atari Corporation
The Jolly Postman	publisher	Heinemann
My Weight Loss Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourteenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Ninth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Random Acts of Heroic Love	publisher	Transworld
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twelfth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventh Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
A Vaudeville of Devils: Seven Moral Tales	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Berita Harian	publisher	Singapore Press Holdings
Thendara House	publisher	DAW Books
Stampede	publisher	Activision
Peggle Nights	publisher	PopCap Games
The Hemingses of Monticello	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Killing Star	publisher	William Morrow & Co
The Lost Vikings 2	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Last Ninja 3	publisher	Commodore Gaming
Last Ninja 3	publisher	Kixx
Disney Sing It	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Empress Bianca	publisher	Arcadia Books Ltd
Empress Bianca	publisher	Dynasty Press
Jesus of Nazareth	publisher	Doubleday
Worlds of the Imperium	publisher	Ace Books
A Massive Swelling	publisher	Viking Press
The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School	publisher	Schwartz & Wade
Baking with Julia	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
City of Sorcery	publisher	DAW Books
The Bourne Deception	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Free Amazons of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
American Philosophical Quarterly	publisher	University of Illinois Press
The Children's Hospital	publisher	McSweeney's
Prisons We Choose to Live Inside	publisher	CBC Enterprises
The Other Side of the Mirror	publisher	DAW Books
Dreaming Metal	publisher	Tom Dougherty Associates, Inc.
Dungeon Party	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Betty	publisher	United Features Syndicate
Molecular Psychiatry	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The War in Eastern Europe	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Chitralekha	publisher	New Delhi
Chitralekha	publisher	Rajkamal Prakashan
Dogger	publisher	Bodley Head
Massis	publisher	Social Democrat Hunchakian Party - Western USA Region
Journal of Ethics & Social Philosophy	publisher	University of Southern California
Journal of Ethics & Social Philosophy	publisher	USC Gould School of Law
Red Sun of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
Vaporetto 13: A Novel	publisher	Delacorte Press
Four Moons of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
The Flaming Sword	publisher	Monarch Publishing
Microsoft International Soccer 2000	publisher	Microsoft
Notes and Records	publisher	The Royal Society
Golden Book of Cycling	publisher	Cycling Magazine
Junction	publisher	Micronet co., Ltd.
Junction	publisher	Konami
The Malcontenta	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, London
The Littlest Hitler	publisher	Counterpoint
Ultraman Fighting Evolution 0	publisher	Banpresto
Poor Charlie's Almanack	publisher	The Donning Company
Inside Dope	publisher	Mandarin Publishing, Melbourne, Australia
Domains of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
Kuri-chan	publisher	Asahi Shimbunsha
The Bilingual Review	publisher	Bilingual Review Press
The Bilingual Review	publisher	Arizona State University
The Punisher: No Mercy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Arabian Business	publisher	ITP Publishing Group
Physicist and Christian	publisher	Seabury Press
Festering Season	publisher	Stickman Graphics
MotoGP '08	publisher	Capcom
The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers	publisher	Putnam Adult
The Story of Edgar Sawtelle	publisher	Harper Collins
Dark Angel	publisher	Serpent's Tail, London
The Fern Tattoo	publisher	University of Queensland Press, Australia
Hiwwe wie Driwwe	publisher	Dr. Michael Werner
Other Bells for Us to Ring	publisher	Delacorte Press
Mistborn: The Hero of Ages	publisher	Tor Books, Macmillan Audio
Zeitschrift für Geologische Wissenschaften	publisher	Verlag für Geowissenschaften Berlin
Unseen Academicals	publisher	Doubleday
Stonehaven	publisher	Stickman Graphics
Scrabble ME	publisher	Winning Moves
Big Taboo	publisher	Winning Moves
Pro Evolution Soccer	publisher	Konami
The Mice Templar	publisher	Image Comics
Power Yahtzee	publisher	Winning Moves
Splat the Cat	publisher	HarperCollins
Short Trips: Christmas Around the World	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Short Trips: Indefinable Magic	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Sixty Lights	publisher	Harvill Press, London
Kung Fu High School	publisher	Harcourt Books
7th Dragon	publisher	Sega
Get Rich Quick	publisher	Mandarin Publishing, Melbourne
Tenkaichi Bushi Keru Nagūru	publisher	Namco
Linebarrels of Iron	publisher	Akita Shoten
Elvira: Mistress of the Dark	publisher	Accolade
Without Warning	publisher	Pan MacMillan
The Point of Pittsburgh	publisher	Battle of Homestead Foundation
Liver: A Fictional Organ with a Surface Anatomy of Four Lobes	publisher	Viking Books
Shadow Assault: Tenchu	publisher	FromSoftware
Willamette Law Review	publisher	Willamette University College of Law
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Gone to the Dogs	publisher	Bantam Books
Syvalion	publisher	Arcade: Taito
Syvalion	publisher	Super NES:
Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love	publisher	Shwartz & Wade
Doors Open	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Other Side of the Frontier	publisher	University of New South Wales
Gameplay of Eve Online	publisher	CCP Games
International Symposium on Distributed Computing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Symposium on Distributed Computing	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer	publisher	DAW Books
Twentysix Gasoline Stations	publisher	National Excelsior Press
An Appeal to Reason	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company Ltd
An Appeal to Reason	publisher	The Overlook Press
Incognito	publisher	Icon Comics
Lassie Come-Home	publisher	The John C. Winston Company
Deadly Cults	publisher	Praeger Publishers
Book of Haikus	publisher	Penguin Group
Tomorrow, When the War Began	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Niue Star	publisher	Michael Jackson
Journal of Chromatography B	publisher	Elsevier
Jennie Gerhardt	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Art of the Engine Driver	publisher	HarperCollins, Australia
Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio	publisher	Hill and Range Songs, Inc.
Home	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Gift of Speed	publisher	Fourth Estate, Australia
The Scholar: St. Mary's Law Review on Minority Issues	publisher	St. Mary's University School of Law
The Glitch in Sleep	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Conditions of Faith	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Prochownik's Dream	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Moon: Remix RPG Adventure	publisher	ASCII
Queers in History	publisher	Benbella Books
The Crystal Key	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Crystal Key	publisher	The Adventure Company
Super Chinese 3	publisher	Culture Brain
Wilbur Comics	publisher	Archie Comics
25 Words or Less	publisher	Winning Moves
After the Empire	publisher	Columbia University Press
J-League Winning Eleven 2008 Club Championship	publisher	Konami
Amaze Your Friends	publisher	Random House, Melbourne
Last Drinks	publisher	Allen and Unwin, Sydney
The Forever War	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bugsy	publisher	CRL Group
Striking and Picturesque Delineations of the Grand, Beautiful, Wonderful, and Interesting Scenery Around Loch-Earn	publisher	John Moir
Namco Super Wars	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Twist	publisher	Matador Books
American Journal of Medical Genetics	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Fight for Tomorrow	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Uncharted 2: Among Thieves	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Princess and the Pea	publisher	Winning Moves
Subterranean Animism	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Saratoga Trunk	publisher	Doubleday, Doran
Black Belt Patriotism	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Cataloging & Classification Quarterly	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Twinkie Squad	publisher	Scholastic Inc.
Death Delights	publisher	Hodder Headline, Sydney
The Heroic Age	publisher	Memorial University of Newfoundland
Into the Looking Glass	publisher	Baen Books
Appaloosa	publisher	Putnam Adult
Twinkle Crusaders	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Behavioral and Brain Functions	publisher	BioMed Central
Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security	publisher	Springer-Verlag New York
Sia lives on Kilimanjaro	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Asia	publisher	American Asiatic Association
Asia	publisher	East and West Association
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Echoes of Time	publisher	Square Enix
Bartender DS	publisher	Electronic Arts
A Thousand Days	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
An Inconvenient Woman	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Split Second	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Bottle Factory Outing	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
The Bottle Factory Outing	publisher	George Braziller
The Journal of Academic Librarianship	publisher	Elsevier
Ninja Boy II	publisher	Culture Brain
Cruel Zinc Melodies	publisher	ROC
The Lions of Lucerne	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Low Road	publisher	Scribe Publications, Melbourne
Cassina Gambrel Was Missing	publisher	Lynx Publishing Company
Another Code: R – A Journey into Lost Memories	publisher	Nintendo
Sin & Punishment: Star Successor	publisher	Nintendo
Punch-Out!!	publisher	Nintendo
Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story	publisher	Nintendo
Three Weeks in Paradise	publisher	Mikro-Gen
Cutie Honey Flash	publisher	Shogakukan
WarioWare D.I.Y.	publisher	Nintendo
The First Death	publisher	Shoestring Press
Master of Whitestorm	publisher	Harper Collins
Snout!	publisher	Winning Moves
Global Defence Force Tactics	publisher	D3 Publisher
Global Defence Force Tactics	publisher	Essential Games
Stranglers' Moon	publisher	Panther Books
Endless Ocean 2: Adventures of the Deep	publisher	Nintendo
Rubik's Brain Racker	publisher	Winning Moves
The Golden City	publisher	Doubleday
Laura l'immortelle	publisher	Les Éditions des Intouchables
Picross 3D	publisher	Nintendo
Crook as Rookwood	publisher	HarperCollins, Sydney
Degrees of Connection	publisher	HarperCollins
Need for Speed: Undercover	publisher	Electronic Arts
Air	publisher	Vertigo
The Garden Book	publisher	Giramondo Publishing, Australia
Longleg	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
The Sound of One Hand Clapping	publisher	Pan Macmillan, Australia
Death of a River Guide	publisher	McPhee Gribble, Australia
The Gone-Away World	publisher	Heinemann
Let's Catch	publisher	Sega
Let's Tap	publisher	Sega
Forest and Stream	publisher	Charles Hallock
Simon the Sorcerer 4: Chaos Happens	publisher	RTL Enterprises
Simon the Sorcerer 4: Chaos Happens	publisher	Playlogic Entertainment
DARU	publisher	BioMed Central on behalf of Tehran University of Medical Sciences
Corduroy Mansions	publisher	Polygon
Midnight Pool	publisher	Gameloft
Rubik's Sudoku	publisher	Winning Moves
Kandide and the Secret of the Mists	publisher	Noesis Publishing
Shikari in Galveston	publisher	Roc Books
Theology Today	publisher	SAGE Publications
Women as Demons: The Male Perception of Women through Space and Time	publisher	List of women's presses
Nightshades: Thirteen Journeys Into Shadow	publisher	Headline
Bite Club	publisher	Vertigo
Noticias	publisher	Editorial Perfil
Theological Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Super Chinese Land 3	publisher	Culture Brain
Super Chinese World 2	publisher	Culture Brain
Super Chinese World 3	publisher	Culture Brain
The Lincoln Hunters	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Bengali film directory	publisher	Nandan
Bengali film directory	publisher	West Bengal Film Centre
Flying Blind, Flying Safe	publisher	Avon Books
The Longest Memory	publisher	Vintage Books
Another City, Not My Own	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Splendours of Royal Mysore	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Whispers in the Graveyard	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Daddy's Girls	publisher	HarperCollins
Passion's Promise	publisher	Dell Publishing
Patma-Banasirakan Handes	publisher	Armenian National Academy of Sciences
My Story	publisher	McClelland & Stewart, Editions de l'Homme
Lolita	publisher	Olympia Press
Moomin	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly, Macmillan, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Schildts, Zangavar, Sort of Books
Women Writing About Money	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Samurai Warriors 3	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Samurai Warriors 3	publisher	Nintendo
Bomber Girl	publisher	Shueisha
Bomber Girl	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Asura Cryin'	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Religious Studies Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Midnight Bowling	publisher	Gameloft
Days and Nights of Love and War	publisher	Casa de las Américas
Littlest Pet Shop	publisher	Electronic Arts
Littlest Pet Shop	publisher	Hasbro
Nicktoons Nitro	publisher	Raw Thrills
Alien Brigade	publisher	Atari Corporation
For Rent One Grammy One Gramps	publisher	Review and Herald Publishing Association
The Garden of the Gods	publisher	William Collins
The Flash: Rebirth	publisher	DC Comics
The Big Book Of	publisher	Paradox Press
Future Primitive and Other Essays	publisher	Autonomedia
Future Primitive and Other Essays	publisher	Anarchy: a Journal of Desire Armed
Super Chinese Land 1-2-3	publisher	Culture Brain
Evil Penguins	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Super Chinese I+II Advance	publisher	Culture Brain
Cotinga	publisher	Neotropical Bird Club
The Extra Mile	publisher	Southern Publishing Association
Elvira II: The Jaws of Cerberus	publisher	Accolade
Yozakura Quartet	publisher	Kodansha
Princeton Alumni Weekly	publisher	The Trustees of
Princeton Alumni Weekly	publisher	Princeton University
From Bakunin to Lacan	publisher	Lexington Books
The Commissar Vanishes	publisher	Canongate Books Ltd
The Commissar Vanishes	publisher	Metropolitan Books
The Commissar Vanishes	publisher	Henry Holt
Wonder World Amusement Park	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
War Heroes	publisher	Image Comics
Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
B.B.	publisher	Shogakukan
Tokyo Daigaku Monogatari	publisher	Shogakukan
Night of the Moonjellies	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Third Option	publisher	Pocket Books
Industrial Minerals	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
Necessary Heartbreak	publisher	IUniverse
Seeds of Change: Five Plants That Transformed Mankind	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Seeds of Change: Five Plants That Transformed Mankind	publisher	Papermac
Pyramid Power	publisher	Winning Moves
Super Chinese Labyrinth	publisher	Culture Brain
Line Attack Heroes	publisher	Nintendo
Super Chinese Fighter	publisher	Culture Brain
Zangeki no Reginleiv	publisher	Nintendo
Square Deal	publisher	Winning Moves
Air Traffic Chaos	publisher	Majesco Games
The Army of the Republic	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Karakuri Dôji Ultimo	publisher	Shueisha
Sin and Punishment	publisher	Nintendo
Deadman	publisher	DC Comics
Absolution	publisher	Pantheon Books
Revue des Études Arméniennes	publisher	Sorbonne University, Section des Sciences Historiques et Philologiques
Super Chinese Fighter GB	publisher	Culture Brain
Expiration Date	publisher	Tor Books
Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show	publisher	Tor Books
Before I Die	publisher	David Fickling Books
Lord	publisher	Shogakukan
Tenchi wo Kurau	publisher	Shueisha
International Journal of Cancer	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Union for International Cancer Control
I Can Football	publisher	TTNet
Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys	publisher	Gallimard
Puzz-ominos	publisher	Winning Moves
Stadium Checkers	publisher	Winning Moves
Stadium Checkers	publisher	W.H. Schaper Mfg. Co., Inc.
Mosby's Confederacy	publisher	Tilted Mill Entertainment
King of the Hill	publisher	Winning Moves
King of the Hill	publisher	Schaper Toys
Beat'n Groovy	publisher	Konami
Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream	publisher	Adams and Charles Black, London
Ready or Not	publisher	HarperCollins
The Charioteer of Delphi	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Lost Dog	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Nerf N-Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ninety-Nine Nights II	publisher	Konami
Scratch: The Ultimate DJ	publisher	Genius Products, Genco Media, Numark Industries
Soulbringer	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association
Holy Land Studies	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Stay Alive	publisher	Winning Moves
Stay Alive	publisher	Milton Bradley
Eat Lead: The Return of Matt Hazard	publisher	D3 Publisher
Super Chinese Fighter EX	publisher	Culture Brain
Gens des nuages	publisher	Gallimard
Le Procès-Verbal	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Le Procès-Verbal	publisher	Atheneum Books
To the Icebergs	publisher	Fata Morgana, Montpellier
The Sky Is Falling	publisher	Penguin Books
Diego et Frida	publisher	Éditions Stock
Fire Study	publisher	Mira Books
Ninja Blade	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Race	publisher	Georg von Holtzbrinck Publishing Group
Street Fighter: The Movie	publisher	Capcom
Street Fighter: The Movie	publisher	Acclaim
MLB Front Office Manager	publisher	2
Microsoft Tinker	publisher	Microsoft
Race Pro	publisher	Atari
Street Fighter: The Movie	publisher	Capcom
The Last Days	publisher	Picador, Australia
The Second Coming	publisher	Flamingo, Australia
The Tax Inspector	publisher	University of Queensland Press
The Mexican Dream, or, The Interrupted Thought of Amerindian Civilizations	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Moral Hazard	publisher	Fourth Estate, Australia
The Gun	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Wordy Shipmates	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Secrets of Harry Bright	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Omega	publisher	Ace Books
Polaris	publisher	Ace Books
Knightmare	publisher	Mindscape International Ltd.
A History of Fly Fishing for Trout	publisher	Phillip Allan & Co, London
Greatest Hits	publisher	Vertigo
Radio World	publisher	NewBay Media
Pecking Order	publisher	Winning Moves
La fièvre	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
MLB Superstars	publisher	2
Le Déluge	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Désert	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Désert	publisher	www.godine.com
Mother Warriors	publisher	Dutton Penguin
X-treme Express	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Three Little Dreams	publisher	Simply Read Books
Ninja Hattori-kun	publisher	Shogakukan
StarCraft II: Legacy of the Void	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
StarCraft II: Heart of the Swarm	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Talent	publisher	Boom! Studios
Bolt	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Imagine Fashion Party	publisher	Ubisoft
Zeno Clash	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Zeno Clash	publisher	Xbox 360
Zeno Clash	publisher	Atlus
House of Mystery	publisher	Vertigo
Buyology	publisher	Doubleday
Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam!	publisher	DC Comics
American Beauty	publisher	Doubleday Doran
The Whole Truth	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Hellboy: Wake the Devil	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Euromoney	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Joined-Up Thinking	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Macross Ace Frontier	publisher	Bandai Namco
House of Secrets	publisher	Vertigo
A Life of Contrasts	publisher	Hamish Hamilton,  Times Books
The Dragon Lord	publisher	Berkley Books
The Dragon Lord	publisher	Tor Books
Barbie Fashion Show: An Eye for Style	publisher	Activision
Barbie Fashion Show: An Eye for Style	publisher	Sega
Human Target	publisher	Vertigo
On the Trail of the Assassins	publisher	Sheridan Square
Damned Good Show	publisher	Cassell Military Classics
The Age of Wire and String	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bulletin of the African Bird Club	publisher	African Bird Club
Maboroshi Panty	publisher	Shueisha
Shining Force Feather	publisher	Sega
Drug Testing and Analysis	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Fall: Last Days of Gaia	publisher	Deep Silver
Conquest of Pangea	publisher	Winning Moves
A to Z Mysteries	publisher	Random House
Dynamite Slugger	publisher	SNK Playmore
Cubello	publisher	Nintendo
Backyard Hockey	publisher	Atari
So Blonde	publisher	Eidos Interactive
So Blonde	publisher	Anaconda
Micro Machines V4	publisher	Codemasters
Glory of Heracles	publisher	Nintendo
Scrabble 2007 Edition	publisher	Ubisoft
Aramis, or the Love of Technology	publisher	Harvard University Press
Cotton: Fantastic Night Dreams	publisher	Sega
Cotton: Fantastic Night Dreams	publisher	Hudson Soft
Cotton: Fantastic Night Dreams	publisher	Electronic Arts
Against His-Story, Against Leviathan	publisher	Black & Red
Click, Clack, Quackity-Quack	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
Monstania	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Jewels from the Moon	publisher	American Book Company
Penn State Law Review	publisher	The Pennsylvania State University — Dickinson School of Law
‘Elepaio	publisher	Hawaii Audubon Society
The Line	publisher	One Day Hill
Monthly Shōnen Rival	publisher	Kodansha
Tower of Babel	publisher	Namco
Catacomb	publisher	Softdisk & Gamers Edge Inc
In Arabian Nights	publisher	Bantam
The Caliph's House	publisher	Bantam Dell
Out Where the West Begins	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Face Value	publisher	Longstreet
Invisible!	publisher	Doubleday
Canadian Foreign Policy Journal	publisher	Norman Paterson School of International Affairs
Vineta	publisher	Winning Moves
Click, Clack, Splish, Splash	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
The Way I Am	publisher	Dutton Adult
Onitsha	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Things That Are	publisher	Philomel Books
Point of Origin	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Ostrich	publisher	BirdLife South Africa
Mating	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Confederates	publisher	Collins, England and Australia
Confederates	publisher	Harper & Row
An Angel in Australia	publisher	Doubleday, Australia
Embalming	publisher	Shueisha
The Widow and Her Hero	publisher	Doubleday, Australia
Cranston Manor	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Ulysses and the Golden Fleece	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Doodle Hex	publisher	Pinnacle Software
A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling	publisher	B. Crosby and Co., London
Between Two Rivers	publisher	Harper Collins
Between Two Rivers	publisher	Bantam Books
Watch You Bleed: The Saga of Guns N' Roses	publisher	Gotham Books
The Presence: A Ghost Story	publisher	Clarion Books
The Whiskey Rebels	publisher	2008
I.G.I.-2: Covert Strike	publisher	Codemasters
Basic Palaeontology	publisher	Prentice Hall
King of Fighters R-1	publisher	SNK
The Last Egyptian	publisher	Edward Stern & Co.
Gaslight series	publisher	EDGE Science Fiction
Gaslight series	publisher	Calgary
The Brass Verdict	publisher	Little, Brown
Doctor Wooreddy's Prescription for Enduring the Ending of the World	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Terra Amata	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Terra Amata	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Terra Amata	publisher	Atheneum
Journal of Southern African Studies	publisher	Routledge
Clinical Breast Cancer	publisher	Elsevier
Secrets of Haunted House	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Religious & Theological Information	publisher	Routledge
Syougi no Tatsujin	publisher	SNK Playmore
Clinical Lymphoma, Myeloma & Leukemia	publisher	Elsevier
Clinical Colorectal Cancer	publisher	Elsevier
Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn	publisher	Hutchinson
Clinical Lung Cancer	publisher	Elsevier
Clinical Genitourinary Cancer	publisher	Elsevier
Clinical Leukemia	publisher	CIG Media Group
My Life in Orange	publisher	Granta Books
Early Autumn	publisher	Delacorte Press
Floating Flies and How to Dress Them	publisher	Sampson, Low, Marston, Searle, and Rivington; London
The Decameron	publisher	Filippo and Bernardo Giunti
Hunter's Moon	publisher	Thalamus
Nancy Drew: Ransom of the Seven Ships	publisher	Her Interactive
Weaver	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Secrets of Sinister House	publisher	DC Comics
Prehistoric Digital Poetry	publisher	University of Alabama Press
Catch Me if You Can	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Tim the Tiny Horse at Large	publisher	Faber and Faber
Infinite Loop	publisher	Doubleday Business
The Idolmaster SP	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
7 Wonders of the Ancient World	publisher	MumboJumbo
Actua Pool	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Actua Pool	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Allied Ace Pilots	publisher	Ghostlight
Animal Genius	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Animal Genius	publisher	Ubisoft
Animal Paradise	publisher	Empire Interactive
Animal Paradise	publisher	Zoo Games
Animal Boxing	publisher	Destineer
A Historical Atlas of South Asia	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Ankh: Curse of the Scarab King	publisher	Xider Games
Apathy: Narugami Gakuen Toshi Densetsu Tantei Kyoku	publisher	Arc System Works
Asterix & Obelix XXL 2: Mission: Wifix	publisher	Atari
Burn Rate	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Real Basket Case	publisher	Five Star Publishing
The Sufis	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Sufis	publisher	Octagon Press
And a body to remember with	publisher	Arsenal Pulp Press
B-17: Fortress in the Sky	publisher	DSI Games
B-17: Fortress in the Sky	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable	publisher	Candlewick
Baby Life	publisher	Deep Silver
The Truth About Poop	publisher	Viking Children's
Babysitting Mania	publisher	IWin
Babysitting Mania	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Back at the Barnyard: Slop Bucket Games	publisher	THQ
Flush!: The Scoop on Poop Throughout the Ages	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Captain America in: The Doom Tube of Dr. Megalomann	publisher	U.S. Gold
Trouble	publisher	DSI Games
The Bee Game	publisher	Midway Games
Bella Sara	publisher	Codemasters
Best of Tests DS	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Bigfoot: Collision Course	publisher	Zoo Games
The Invincible Iron Man	publisher	Activision
The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things	publisher	Candlewick Press
Bob the Builder: Festival of Fun	publisher	Blast! Entertainment
Active Lancer	publisher	Freeverse
Boulder Dash: Rocks!	publisher	10
Boulder Dash: Rocks!	publisher	QV Software
Boulder Dash: Rocks!	publisher	Electronic Arts
Brain Buster Puzzle Pak	publisher	Agetec
Brain Buster Puzzle Pak	publisher	Jaleco
Brain Buster Puzzle Pak	publisher	505
Cool Boarders Pocket	publisher	SNK Playmore
Brain Assist	publisher	Sega
Ames Tribune	publisher	Scott Anderson
Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Brain Quest Grades 3 & 4	publisher	Electronic Arts
Brain Quest Grades 5 & 6	publisher	Electronic Arts
Brain Voyage	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Brave: Shaman's Challenge	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Italian Lessons	publisher	Kensington
CID The Dummy	publisher	Oxygen Games
The Way of the Sufi	publisher	Jonathan Cape, Penguin Books, Octagon Press
The Sandman	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Francesca's Kitchen	publisher	Kensington
Karakurizōshi Ayatsuri Sakon	publisher	Shueisha
Toriko	publisher	Shueisha
The Winds of Darkover	publisher	Ace Books
Candace Kane's Candy Factory	publisher	Destineer
The World Wreckers	publisher	Ace Books
SBK-08: Superbike World Championship	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
The Snow Leopard	publisher	Viking Press
Apartment 255	publisher	Macmillan, Australia
Cosmic Soldier	publisher	Kogado Studio
The One O'Clock Chop	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Clinical Ovarian Cancer & Other Gynecologic Malignancies	publisher	Elsevier
The Incredible Maze	publisher	Digital Leisure Inc.
The Incredible Maze	publisher	Gameloft
The Two Faces of January	publisher	Doubleday
WildC.A.T.S.	publisher	Image Comics
WildC.A.T.S.	publisher	Wildstorm
The Story of the Latter-day Saints	publisher	Deseret Book in collaboration with the LDS Church's Historical Dept.
NFL Street 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
DJMax Portable Clazziquai Edition	publisher	Pentavision
Grandpa Never Lies	publisher	Clarion Books
Hatara Kizzu Maihamu Gumi	publisher	Poplar Publishing
Lovely Angel	publisher	Kobunsha
Tomorrow Wendy	publisher	Iuniverse
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Renunciates of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
Leroni of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
Heartland	publisher	Raffles, SNP,
The Horrorist	publisher	Vertigo
Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
Towers of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
The Circus Surprise	publisher	Clarion Books
TekWorld	publisher	Epic Comics
Sudoku Challenge!	publisher	Digital Leisure
Twilight Comes Twice	publisher	Clarion Books
Time to Say Hello	publisher	Orion Books
Card Game 9	publisher	Taito Corporation
Jackpot Comics	publisher	MLJ Magazines Inc
Tales of Three Planets	publisher	Canaveral Press
Star Wars: The Old Republic	publisher	Electronic Arts
Hollywood Undercover	publisher	Mainstream Publishing
Snows of Darkover	publisher	DAW Books
Hellblazer Special: Bad Blood	publisher	Vertigo
The Go-Giver	publisher	Penguin Books
Magic Boy	publisher	Empire Interactive
Magic Boy	publisher	JVC
Mobile Suit Gundam: Gundam vs. Gundam Next	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Mobile Suit Gundam: Gundam vs. Gundam Next	publisher	Banpresto
Murder and Magic	publisher	Ace Books
Lord Darcy Investigates	publisher	Ace Books
Bubble Bobble Plus!	publisher	Taito
Tenshi no Solitaire	publisher	G-Mode
Asian Culture	publisher	Singapore Society of Asian Studies
Modern Asian Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Caine Black Knife	publisher	Del Rey Books
Favorite Flies and Their Histories	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Co. Boston and New York
Hard Rock Miner's Handbook	publisher	McIntosh Engineering
The Catholic Miscellany	publisher	Bishop Robert E. Guglielmone
Chameleon: To Dye For!	publisher	Starfish SD
Chameleon: To Dye For!	publisher	UFO Interactive
Chameleon: To Dye For!	publisher	505
Chameleon: To Dye For!	publisher	Tommo Inc.
Rookies	publisher	Shueisha
Desert Assault	publisher	Data East
Journal of Official Statistics	publisher	Statistics Sweden
Man in the Dark	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
The Lucky One	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Sea of Poppies	publisher	John Murray
Fool	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Escape to the Hills	publisher	The Jacques Cattell Press
Universal War One	publisher	Marvel Comics
Universal War One	publisher	Soleil Productions
The Salmon Fly	publisher	Messers. Wyman & Sons, Limited, London
Championship Pony	publisher	Destination Software
UFO: A Day in the Life	publisher	ASCII
Pitstop II	publisher	Epyx
L.O.L.: Lack of Love	publisher	ASCII
Quantum Theory	publisher	Tecmo
A Purple Place for Dying	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Quick Red Fox	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Captain Nemo: The Fantastic History of a Dark Genius	publisher	Pocket Books
Monkey Magic	publisher	Nintendo
The Children's Bach	publisher	McPhee Gribble
A Walk to Remember	publisher	Warner Books
CthulhuTech	publisher	Sandstorm Productions
Journal of Indigenous Studies	publisher	Gabriel Dumont Institute
Journal of Human Capital	publisher	University of Chicago Press
American Massacre	publisher	Knopf
American Massacre	publisher	Vintage
The Shadow Speaker	publisher	Hyperion Book
Club Penguin: Elite Penguin Force	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Bright Orange for the Shroud	publisher	Fawcett Publications
X-Infernus	publisher	Marvel Comics
Nights in Rodanthe	publisher	Warner Books
Golden Balls	publisher	Mindscape
Tales of Magic and Mystery	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters	publisher	Icon
Star Wolves	publisher	1
Darker than Amber	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Journal of Contingencies and Crisis Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Heartland	publisher	Vertigo
Miss Machiko	publisher	Gakken
Fusion	publisher	Electronic Arts
D1GP Arcade	publisher	Taito
The Great Ghost Rescue	publisher	Macmillan Children's Books
Berlitz English Dictionary	publisher	Koch Media
Storm Catchers	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tsurupika Hagemaru	publisher	Shogakukan
C.O.R.E.	publisher	Graffiti Entertainment
Sarah: How a Hockey Mom Turned Alaska's Political Establishment Upside Down	publisher	Epicenter Press
One Fearful Yellow Eye	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Pale Gray for Guilt	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Mass Psychology of Fascism	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Florida's Shipwrecks	publisher	Arcadia Publishing
Sega Race TV	publisher	Sega
Jonny Double	publisher	Vertigo
The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Dress Her in Indigo	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Loving Frank	publisher	Random House
The Long Lavender Look	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Elegance of the Hedgehog	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Devashard	publisher	Fluid Comics
Nordic Journal of Philosophical Logic	publisher	University of Oslo
Between the Assassinations	publisher	Picador
Rotohex	publisher	Nintendo
Pit Crew Panic!	publisher	Hudson Soft
Everybody Is Different	publisher	Autism Asperger Publishing Company
Come Clean	publisher	Harper Collins
A Book on Angling	publisher	Longmans, Green and Company, London
Battle Poker	publisher	Left Field Productions
Welcome to Hoxford	publisher	IDW Publishing
Battlemorph	publisher	Atari
War Is Hell	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tribal College Journal	publisher	American Indian Higher Education Consortium
Turf Battles	publisher	EonicGaming
LittleBigPlanet 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
LittleBigPlanet 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Bomberman Ultra	publisher	Hudson Soft
Feludar Goendagiri	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Coloball 2002	publisher	Enterbrain
Boingz	publisher	RealNetworks
Blue Moon Rising	publisher	UK: Gollancz
Blue Moon Rising	publisher	USA: Penguin/Roc
Cases Journal	publisher	BioMed Central
Journal of West African Languages	publisher	West African Linguistic Society
Back	publisher	Hogarth Press
Icarus at the Edge of Time	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Hrvatska revija	publisher	Matica hrvatska
List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species	publisher	British Ornithologists' Union
The Choice	publisher	North River Press
The Wizard of Oz	publisher	SETA Corporation
LocoRoco 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Best War Ever	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Losers	publisher	Vertigo
Lord of the Rings Adventure Game	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
Novelas ejemplares	publisher	Juan de la Cuesta
Street Fighter V	publisher	Capcom
Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer	publisher	Prentice Hall
One Outs	publisher	Shueisha
Modern Magic Made Simple	publisher	Shueisha
Mediaweek	publisher	Prometheus Global Media
Blacker's Art of Fly Making	publisher	George Nichols, London
Tak and the Guardians of Gross	publisher	THQ
Guinness World Records: The Videogame	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Wonderland	publisher	Vanguard Press
The Lady of the Shroud	publisher	Heinemann
Not Without My Sister	publisher	Harper Element
Island Xtreme Stunts	publisher	Electronic Arts
Island Xtreme Stunts	publisher	Lego Interactive
The Scandal of Empire	publisher	Belknap Press
Iron City	publisher	Masses & Mainstream
Dash! Yonkuro	publisher	Shogakukan
Alternative Energy: Political, Economic, and Social Feasibility	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield, Lanham, Maryland, 2006
The Zoya Factor	publisher	HarperCollins
The Unforgiving Wind	publisher	Hutchinson
The Man-Eater	publisher	Fantasy Press
The Second Samurai	publisher	Image Works
A Tan and Sandy Silence	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Scarlet Ruse	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Turquoise Lament	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Dreadful Lemon Sky	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Empty Copper Sea	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Free Fall in Crimson	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Test	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Shadow Factory	publisher	Doubleday
Cinnamon Skin	publisher	Harper and Row
K	publisher	Darenote Ltd
Burning Valley	publisher	Masses & Mainstream
The Magic Fern	publisher	International Publishers
The Last Olympian	publisher	Disney Hyperion
The Imposter	publisher	Library of America
The Burger and the Hot Dog	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
The Wicked Witch of Oz	publisher	The International Wizard of Oz Club
Discrete and Computational Geometry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Rundelstone of Oz	publisher	Hungry Tiger Press
Letters from a Father to His Daughter	publisher	Allahabad Law Journal Press
Omega: The Last Days of the World	publisher	Ernest Flammarion
Omega: The Last Days of the World	publisher	The Cosmopolitan Publishing Company
3-D Docking Mission	publisher	Programma International
3-D Docking Mission	publisher	The Elektrik Keyboard
Wittgenstein's Nephew	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Sleeping Mountain	publisher	Hutchinson
The Lonely Voyage	publisher	Hurst & Blackett
Blood on the Forge	publisher	Doubleday
Blackgas	publisher	Avatar Press
The Valley of Decision	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Valley of Decision	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
Frost	publisher	Vintage Books USA
Requiem	publisher	The John Day Company
When We Get There	publisher	Bloomsbury
Depth Charge	publisher	The Elektrik Keyboard
Correction	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Forest and the Fort	publisher	Farrar & Rinehart
Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia	publisher	Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences
The Iron Woman	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Clouded Hills	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Something Rotten	publisher	Dial Books
Kikou Seiki Unitron	publisher	SNK Playmore
WarioWare: Snapped!	publisher	Nintendo
Blessed Unrest	publisher	Viking
ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
World Tales	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, Octagon Press
The Good Citizen	publisher	Pillar of Fire Church
Penelope and the Humongous Burp	publisher	Lobster Press
Alternate Presidents	publisher	Tor Books
Sidney	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company
X-Men Origins: Wolverine	publisher	Activision
Company of Heroes: Tales of Valor	publisher	THQ
Company of Heroes: Tales of Valor	publisher	Sega
Philip and His Wife	publisher	Houghton, Mifflin and Company
The Copper Beech	publisher	Orion
Immortal Cities: Nile Online	publisher	Tilted Mill Entertainment
30 Days of Night: Red Snow	publisher	IDW Publishing
Mōryō no Hako	publisher	Kodansha
Mōryō no Hako	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Blood Confession	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Harriet's Halloween Candy	publisher	Carolrhoda Books
Paradox in Oz	publisher	Hungry Tiger Press
A World At War	publisher	GMT Games
Brainwashing: The Science of Thought Control	publisher	Oxford University Press
A Fish Out Of Water	publisher	Beginner Books
A Fish Out Of Water	publisher	Random House
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit	publisher	Konami
Survey Methodology	publisher	Statistics Canada
Chao Dream Touch! Happy Anniversary	publisher	Marvelous Interactive
The Red One	publisher	The Cosmopolitan
NZ Classic Car magazine	publisher	Parkside Media
Martha Speaks	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
NZ Performance Car	publisher	Parkside Media
Policeman Bluejay	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Resistance: The Gathering Storm	publisher	Del Rey Books
SORT	publisher	Institut d'Estadística de Catalunya
The Primal Order	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Longitude	publisher	Walker
REVSTAT	publisher	Instituto Nacional de Estatística
The Loser	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ancients 1: Death Watch	publisher	Epic MegaGames
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves	publisher	Candlewick Press
Shadow Wave	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Journal of Religion and Film	publisher	University of Nebraska at Omaha
The Moneypaper	publisher	The Moneypaper, Inc.
The Myth of Male Power	publisher	Berkley Trade
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	publisher	ReganBooks
Power Rangers Collectible Card Game	publisher	Bandai
The Believers	publisher	Fig Tree, an imprint of Penguin Books
The Flintstones: Surprise at Dinosaur Peak	publisher	Taito
MindRover	publisher	CogniToy
Ole Doc Methuselah	publisher	Theta
Electronic Markets	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Elemental: War of Magic	publisher	Stardock
Elemental: War of Magic	publisher	N3V Games/Auran
Elemental: War of Magic	publisher	1
Psychopathology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Fragoria	publisher	Datcroft Games
Brazilian Journal of Probability and Statistics	publisher	Brazilian Statistical Association
Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery	publisher	Elsevier for the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons
Tone	publisher	Parkside Media
Chicken Hunter	publisher	MumboJumbo
Bruiser and Scratch	publisher	Steel Penny Games
Fire and Fame	publisher	Books On Demand GmbH
The Giant Garden of Oz	publisher	Emerald City Press /
The Giant Garden of Oz	publisher	Books of Wonder
The Philosopher's Pupil	publisher	Chatto & Windus
NZV8 magazine	publisher	Parkside Media
Where There Is No Doctor	publisher	Hesperian Health Guides
Woodcutters	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, a Borzoi Book
A Tale of Love and Darkness	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Lime Works	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, a Borzoi Book
Ironclads: American Civil War	publisher	Totem Games
Ironclads: American Civil War	publisher	Strategy First
Arthur's Knights II: The Secret of Merlin	publisher	Wanadoo Edition
Chicago 1930	publisher	Wanadoo Edition
Le Havre	publisher	Lookout Games
Pinball Quest	publisher	Jaleco
Crusader: Adventure Out of Time	publisher	Europress
Druuna: Morbus Gravis	publisher	Microïds
BPM Racing	publisher	Yuke's
Egypt	publisher	R&P Electronic Media
Egypt 3	publisher	The Adventure Company
The Duchess of Windsor	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson,  Gibson Square
Castle Storm	publisher	Random House UK Corgi Children's Imprint
Pet Pals: Animal Doctor	publisher	Legacy Interactive
Pet Pals: Animal Doctor	publisher	Majesco Games
The Rising Tide	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Awakening of Helena Richie	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Statistical Applications in Genetics and Molecular Biology	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Dominion	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Gargoyles	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Race for the Galaxy	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Extinction	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Elegy for Sam Emerson	publisher	Southern Methodist University Press
Hello Kitty: Big City Dreams	publisher	Empire Interactive
High Voltage Hot Rod Show	publisher	High Voltage Software
Egypte Kids	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Journal of Statistical Computation and Simulation	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Chicagoan	publisher	Martin J. Quigley
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2009	publisher	Activision
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Perihelion	publisher	Bryon Preiss Visual Publications
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Refuge	publisher	Bryon Preiss Visual Publications
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Prodigy	publisher	Bryon Preiss Visual Publications
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Cyborg	publisher	Bryon Preiss Visual Publications
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Suspicion	publisher	Bryon Preiss Visual Publications
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Odyssey	publisher	Bryon Preiss Visual Publications
On the Mountain	publisher	Quartet Books
The Ant and the Elephant	publisher	HMH Books for Young Readers
The Photographer's Mail	publisher	Parkside Media
Harry, A History	publisher	Pocket Books
Handling the Undead	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Cabela's Monster Bass	publisher	Activision Value
Taken	publisher	Dell Publishing
Watchmen: The End Is Nigh	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection	publisher	Sega
The Crimson Labyrinth	publisher	Vertical Inc
Gay Kids	publisher	Abstrakt forlag
Jack the Ripper	publisher	The Adventure Company
Jerusalem: The Three Roads to the Holy Land	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Pompei: The Legend of Vesuvius	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Kaan: Barbarian's Blade	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Kirikou	publisher	Wanadoo
MegaRace 3	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Yes	publisher	University Of Chicago Press
Warm Up	publisher	Microïds
War and Peace: 1796–1815	publisher	Microïds
The Mardi Gras Mystery	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Grave Descend	publisher	Signet Books
Drug of Choice	publisher	Signet Books
Pool Revolution: Cue Sports	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dealing: or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Jasper Johns	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
Dead Rising 2	publisher	Capcom
Fallen	publisher	Dell Publishing
Jaki Crush	publisher	NEC
Five on Kirrin Island Again	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Go Off to Camp	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Get into Trouble	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Fall into Adventure	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five on a Hike Together	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Have Plenty of Fun	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five on a Secret Trail	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Go to Billycock Hill	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five on Finniston Farm	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Go to Demon's Rocks	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Five Have a Mystery to Solve	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Repere Transilvane	publisher	Argo Invest, Zalău
Bogoslovni vestnik	publisher	Faculty of Theology, University of Ljubljana
Neon City Magazine	publisher	Neon City
Not Meant to Be	publisher	Hal Leonard
King's Bounty: Armored Princess	publisher	1
Fat Chance	publisher	Putnam Press
Fat Chance	publisher	Scholastic
Philippine Journal of Allied Health Sciences	publisher	UST Publishing House
Aquanaut's Holiday: Hidden Memories	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
My Little Flufties	publisher	Lexicon Entertainment
The Bumblebee Flies Anyway	publisher	Pantheon Books
Luxor: Quest for the Afterlife	publisher	MumboJumbo
Afterimage	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
The Man Higher Up	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law	publisher	Oxford University Press
Phasor Zap	publisher	The Elektrik Keyboard
Nui!	publisher	Jive
Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Get Medieval	publisher	Monolith Productions
White Like Me	publisher	Soft Skull Press
Farces et moralités	publisher	Fasquelle
Developmental Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Take Me Where the Good Times Are	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Fall-Down Artist	publisher	St Martins Press
A Picture of Her Tombstone	publisher	St Martins Press
Steel City Confessions	publisher	Avon Twilight
Moondust	publisher	Creative Software
The Cheyenne Indians: Their History and Lifeways	publisher	World Wisdom
Journal of Catalysis	publisher	Elsevier
Taishō Baseball Girls	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Taishō Baseball Girls	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Death in the Steel City	publisher	Avon Twilight
The Bugis	publisher	Backwell Publishing
DJMax Technika	publisher	Pentavision
Please Plant This Book	publisher	Richard Brautigan
D-Photo	publisher	Parkside Media
The Ladies' Repository	publisher	Methodist Episcopal Church
Early Childhood Research Quarterly	publisher	Elsevier
The Hidden Prince of Oz	publisher	International Wizard of Oz Club
Communications in Statistics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Swallowing Darkness	publisher	Ballantine Books
N2O: Nitrous Oxide	publisher	Fox Interactive, Console Classics
Thorgal: Curse of Atlantis	publisher	Le Lombard
Ski Park Manager	publisher	Microïds
The New Adventures of the Time Machine	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Speed Demons	publisher	Microïds
The Cameron Files: Secret at Loch Ness	publisher	Wanadoo Edition
The Cameron Files: Secret at Loch Ness	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Opération Teddy Bear	publisher	Flammarion
Road to India	publisher	Microïds
Paris 1313	publisher	Canal+ Multimedia, RMN, Microïds
Open Kart	publisher	Microïds
La Terre	publisher	Microïds
RPM Tuning	publisher	Wanadoo Edition
RPM Tuning	publisher	Valusoft
Odyssey: The Search for Ulysses	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Nostradamus: The Last Prophecy	publisher	Elektrogames, Kheops Studio, Mzone Studio, TOTM Studio, MC2, Encore
Salammbo: Battle for Carthage	publisher	The Adventure Company
Versailles II: Testament of the King	publisher	Réunion des Musées Nationaux
Versailles 1685	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Alien Garden	publisher	Epyx
Skin: Talking About Sex, Class & Literature	publisher	Firebrand Books
Detour for Emmy	publisher	Morning Glory Press
Panda Bear, Panda Bear, What Do You See%3F	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
James Joyce Quarterly	publisher	University of Tulsa
Black Cocktail	publisher	Legend Press
National Law School of India Review	publisher	Student Advocate Committee, National Law School of India University, Bangalore
Saru! Get You! SaruSaru Big Mission	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Moto Racer Advance	publisher	Ubisoft
India's Ancient Past	publisher	Oxford University Press
Indian Feudalism	publisher	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd., 3rd Revised Edition, Delhi
State by State	publisher	Harper Collins
Yonsei Medical Journal	publisher	Yonsei University, College of Medicine
Animal Genetics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Reef	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Kurozuka	publisher	Shueisha
Darkhouse	publisher	HarperCollins
Anarchy Alive!	publisher	Pluto Press
Disquiet Heart	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Polite	publisher	The Cappadocian Society
Cro-Mag Rally	publisher	Pangea Software
One for Sorrow	publisher	Bantam Books
Racing Lagoon	publisher	Square
Through Black Spruce	publisher	Penguin Canada
Tellus A	publisher	Co-action Publishing on behalf of the International Meteorological Institute
Winter Challenge	publisher	Accolade
The Ballad of Matthew's Begats	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Forbidden Fountain of Oz	publisher	International Wizard of Oz Club
Bobo	publisher	Blink Publishers
Bobo	publisher	Kompas Gramedia Group
A House is Built	publisher	George G. Harrap and Co.
Supreme Commander 2	publisher	Square Enix
France Magazine	publisher	French-American Foundation
Old Fort Duquesne	publisher	Peoples Monthly Publishing Company
Return of the Brute	publisher	Wolfhound Press
Return of the Brute	publisher	Mandrake Press
PS Political Science & Politics	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the American Political Science Association
Science and Religion: Some Historical Perspectives	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Review	publisher	Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis
The Antioch Review	publisher	Antioch College
Oil Barons	publisher	Epyx
The Story Bible	publisher	Bartholomew House
Krondor: The Betrayal	publisher	HarperCollins
The Econometrics Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Economic Society
Stover at Yale	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
The Via Veneto Papers	publisher	The Marlboro Press
Tank Racer	publisher	Grolier Interactive
Tank Racer	publisher	R&P Electronic Media
Book of the Black Bass	publisher	Robert Clarke & Co., Cincinnati
Conan the Barbarian	publisher	Marvel Comics
Blood of Bahamut	publisher	Square Enix
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology	publisher	Pocket Books
Underdark	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Call of Duty: World at War	publisher	Activision
Sonic Universe	publisher	Archie Comics
Sonic Universe	publisher	Sega of America
President Elect	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Autism's False Prophets	publisher	Columbia University Press
The Latimers	publisher	George W. Jacobs & Co.
The Delectable Country	publisher	Lee Furman, Inc.
Coming Home	publisher	Viking Press
Miners Hill	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Time Release	publisher	Berkeley Publishing Group
Shadow Image	publisher	Berkeley Publishing Group
Straw Men	publisher	Berkeley Publishing Group
Archform: Beauty	publisher	Tor Books
EA Sports Active	publisher	EA Sports
Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives	publisher	Pantheon Books
Virtual Pinball	publisher	Electronic Arts
Guitar Rock Tour	publisher	Gameloft
Two Cities	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Unknown Witches of Oz	publisher	Galde Press
World Poverty and Human Rights	publisher	Polity, 2008
Oreimo	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Oreimo	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Reuben	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Puzzlegeddon	publisher	Tecmo
Hiding Place	publisher	Avon Books
Sent for You Yesterday	publisher	Avon Books
ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
International Journal of e-Collaboration	publisher	IGI Global
The Journal of Pediatrics	publisher	Elsevier
The Case of Jennie Brice	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Death of a Cad	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death	publisher	St. Martin's Press
102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers	publisher	Times Books
102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Contender	publisher	Harper & Row
The Kings of Clonmel	publisher	Random House
The Journal of Psychology	publisher	Taylor & Francis formerly Heldref Publications
The Ozmapolitan of Oz	publisher	International Wizard of Oz Club
Tropico 3	publisher	Kalypso Media
Tropico 3	publisher	Feral Interactive
Gears of War	publisher	Wildstorm
Team of Rivals	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Petals of Blood	publisher	Heinemann
Petals of Blood	publisher	African Writers Series
Ahead of the Curve	publisher	Penguin Press
Eunoia	publisher	Coach House Books
The Frog Princess	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Fleeting Rome	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The King's Orchard	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Remember the End	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Murder in Amityville	publisher	Belmont Tower Books
The Day Must Dawn	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Rolling Years	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Gown of Glory	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Nightingale	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Richlands	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Outliers	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Black Fury	publisher	Fountainhead Publishers
The Stories of the Sahara	publisher	皇冠出版社
Flyable Heart	publisher	UNiSONSHIFT
Ender's Game	publisher	Marvel Comics
Myśl.pl	publisher	The Bolesław I the Brave Foundation
Resistance	publisher	Wildstorm
Bing Crosby's Last Song	publisher	Picador
The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Maria Light	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Duffy's Rocks	publisher	Dutton
About Us	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Persistent Image	publisher	Dial Press
Venice for Lovers	publisher	Haus Publishing Ltd, London
Final Curtain	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Final Curtain	publisher	Little, Brown
Death at the Bar	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Nursing Home Murder	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
The Phoenix Unchained	publisher	Tor Books
Avotaynu	publisher	Gary Mokotoff
Field Notes from a Catastrophe	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Father Goose: His Book	publisher	George M. Hill Company
The Sword of the Lady	publisher	Roc Books
The Tempering	publisher	Clarion Books
Death of an Outsider	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Journal of Economic Education	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Good-bye, Billy Radish	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Mr. Monk Is Miserable	publisher	Signet Books
Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights	publisher	Random House
By Night in Chile	publisher	Anagrama
By Night in Chile	publisher	New Directions Publishing
The Gladiators from Capua	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Coraline	publisher	D3 Publisher
Coraline	publisher	Vivendi Games
Chuck Rock II: Son of Chuck	publisher	Core Design
By the Candelabra's Glare	publisher	Privately printed
The Rocksburg Railroad Murders	publisher	Saturday Review Press
NCAA Basketball series	publisher	EA Sports
NCAA Basketball series	publisher	Electronic Arts
NCAA Basketball series	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ghostbusters: The Video Game	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Ghostbusters: The Video Game	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
The Pale Criminal	publisher	Viking Press, London
Tom Playfair	publisher	TAN Books & Publishers
The Man Who Liked to Look at Himself	publisher	Saturday Review Press
The Blank Page	publisher	Saturday Review Press
Nazi Literature in the Americas	publisher	Seix Barral
A Fix Like This	publisher	Saturday Review Press
The Man Who Liked Slow Tomatoes	publisher	David R. Godine
Lasertank	publisher	JEK Software
Distant Star	publisher	Anagrama
Distant Star	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Last Evenings on Earth	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Father Goose's Year Book	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Romantic Dogs	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Multiculturalism Without Culture	publisher	Princeton University Press
TV Show King Party	publisher	Ubisoft
The Kingdom of Shadow	publisher	Pocket Books
L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Brides of March	publisher	iUniverse Inc.
Always a Body to Trade	publisher	David R. Godine
Upon Some Midnights Clear	publisher	David R. Godine
Joey's Case	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Sunshine Enemies	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
The Sign of the Chrysanthemum	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Bottom Liner Blues	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Of Nightingales That Weep	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Stereoscopic Displays and Applications	publisher	IS&T
Industrial Gothic	publisher	Vertigo
A Heart So White	publisher	Editorial Anagrama S.A., Barcelona
Written Lives	publisher	New Directions Publishing
The Master Puppeteer	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Dracula the Undead	publisher	Atari
Your Face Tomorrow Volume 2: Dance and Dream	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Rebels of the Heavenly Kingdom	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Even a Monkey Can Draw Manga	publisher	Shogakukan
Your Face Tomorrow Volume 1: Fever and Spear	publisher	New Directions Publishing
When I Was Mortal	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Championship Pool	publisher	Mindscape
Hello, Harvest Moon	publisher	Clarion Books
The Rocketeer	publisher	Bandai
Blackthorn Winter	publisher	Harcourt
Colin McRae: Dirt 2	publisher	Codemasters
Colin McRae: Dirt 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Colin McRae: Dirt 2	publisher	Namco Bandai
Colin McRae: Dirt 2	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	publisher	HarperCollins
Abomination	publisher	Doubleday
Cranks and Shadows	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Good Sons	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Family Values	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Barbie Horse Adventures: Riding Camp	publisher	Activision
Barbie Horse Adventures: Riding Camp	publisher	Vivendi Games
TaleSpin	publisher	Capcom
TaleSpin	publisher	Sega
TaleSpin	publisher	NEC
Brushback	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
MagMax	publisher	Nichibutsu
MagMax	publisher	Fujisankei Communications International
MagMax	publisher	Imagine Software
Come Sing, Jimmy Jo	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Reaction Time	publisher	Quarterly Essay
Regenesis	publisher	DAW Books
Energy and Environmental Science	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Phytopathologia Mediterranea	publisher	Mediterranean Phytopathological Union
The Welsh History Review	publisher	University of Wales Press
Archaeologia Cambrensis	publisher	Cambrian Archaeological Association
Saving Room for Dessert	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Flip-Flop Girl	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Grievance	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Park's Quest	publisher	Dutton Kill
Blood Mud	publisher	The Mysterious Press of Warner Books
Integrative Biology	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
There Is No Alternative: Why Margaret Thatcher Matters	publisher	Basic Books
Vitamin C and the Common Cold	publisher	Freeman
Let's Play Pet Hospitals	publisher	Deep Silver
Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie	publisher	University of Bonn
The Messenger	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Five Greatest Warriors	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Three Golden Rivers	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
The Kill Artist	publisher	Random House
The Kill Artist	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Zeitschrift für die Neutestamentliche Wissenschaft	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Everyday People	publisher	Grove Press
Phantom Dream	publisher	Hakusensha
Eyo	publisher	WordAlive Publishers
The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives	publisher	Metropolitan Books
The Complex: An Insider Exposes the Covert World of the Church of Scientology	publisher	Merlin Publishing
Two-Minute Drill	publisher	Scholastic Inc
Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées	publisher	Furne
Jip, His Story	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Preacher's Boy	publisher	Clarion Books
Bread and Roses, Too	publisher	Clarion Books
The City of Love	publisher	Penguin India
Greenhorn on the Frontier	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
The Candy Butcher's Farewell	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Stranger in the Snow	publisher	The New American Library
Amulet	publisher	Anagrama
Sound of the Beast	publisher	Harper Paperbacks
To Be or Not to Bop	publisher	Doubleday
The Enchanted Island of Oz	publisher	The International Wizard of Oz Club
The Last Holiday Concert	publisher	Simon & Schuster
L – A Mathemagical Adventure	publisher	Association of Teachers of Mathematics
Wilderness Boy	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Beggars Banquet	publisher	Orion Books
Gut	publisher	BMJ Group
History Civil War: Secret Missions	publisher	Activision Value
The Other Side of Truth	publisher	Puffin Books
1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Night of Power	publisher	Baen Books
Sim Greene and Tom the Tinker's Men	publisher	J.C. Winston
Journal of the Academic Association of Koreanology in Japan	publisher	Tenri University
The Paradise Bargain	publisher	Zebra Books
Semper Mars	publisher	HarperCollins
NFL Fever 2002	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Up in the Air	publisher	Doubleday
Long Lost	publisher	Orion Books ,
Long Lost	publisher	Dutton Adult
Hold Tight	publisher	Thorndike Press
Hold Tight	publisher	Orion Books
Hold Tight	publisher	Signet  ,
The Hard Life	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Blazing Dragons	publisher	Crystal Dynamics
Rethinking India's Past	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Flying Girl	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Dolphin Island: Underwater Adventures	publisher	Ubisoft
Kung Fu Panda: Legendary Warriors	publisher	Activision
Phytochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Arrows in the Dark	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
Mrs. Beautiful	publisher	New Horizon Press
The Gates of Aulis	publisher	Dial Press
Mycologia	publisher	Mycological Society of America
Glamour	publisher	Condé Nast
Robbit Mon Dieu	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Pocket MuuMuu	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Dynasty Warriors: Strikeforce	publisher	Koei
Philosophy: The Quest for Truth	publisher	Oxford University Press
A Bend in the Road	publisher	Warner Books
Apocrypha Getter Robot Dash	publisher	Kodansha
Apocrypha Getter Robot Dash	publisher	Hakusensha
Zeitschrift für die Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Evasive Space	publisher	Yuke's
The Republic of the Future	publisher	Cassell & Co.
The Last Town on Earth	publisher	Random House
Ahiru no Sora	publisher	Kodansha
The Immigrants	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Tunes for a Small Harmonica	publisher	Harper and Row
Taking Sides: Clashing Views in Crime and Criminology	publisher	McGraw Hill
Flying Solo	publisher	Clarion Books
Spider Boy	publisher	Clarion Books
Space Tanks	publisher	Alten8, Akella, Pepper Games, Tewi Publishing
Home Is the Exile	publisher	Permanent Press
La Bourse	publisher	Mame-Delaunay
Never Sorry	publisher	Signet Books
WingNuts	publisher	Freeverse Software
Never Preach Past Noon	publisher	Signet Books
Never Kissed Goodnight	publisher	Signet Books
Never Tease a Siamese	publisher	Signet Books
Return to Mysterious Island 2	publisher	Microïds
Indagationes Mathematicae	publisher	Elsevier
Cosmic Balance II	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Snowboard Riot	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dragon Prince	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Caesar's Column	publisher	F. J. Shulte & Co.
Macaroni Boy	publisher	Yearling Books
Fig Pudding	publisher	Clarion Books
IGIZMO	publisher	Dennis Publishing
Addis Zemen	publisher	Ethiopian Press Agency
Hollywood vs. America	publisher	HarperCollins
The Hour of the Star	publisher	José Olympio Editora
The Daring Twins	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The World in Winter	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Uncle Daddy	publisher	Clarion Books
ESPN Final Round Golf 2002	publisher	Konami
Elementary Calculus: An Infinitesimal Approach	publisher	Dover
Through the Eye of the Needle	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Tumtum and Nutmeg	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Tumtum and Nutmeg	publisher	Little, Brown
Came Back to Show You I Could Fly	publisher	Penguin Books
Baifa Monü Zhuan	publisher	Sin Wun Pao
Song of Kali	publisher	Bluejay Books
The Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report	publisher	Kent Paper Company Ltd
Cerebral Cortex	publisher	Oxford University Press
428: Fūsa Sareta Shibuya de	publisher	Sega
428: Fūsa Sareta Shibuya de	publisher	Spike
Nana Upstairs & Nana Downstairs	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Wilderness	publisher	E. Bliss & E. White
Jerusalem Studies in Arabic and Islam	publisher	Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Institute of Asian & African Studies
Rhyme Rider Kerorican	publisher	Bandai
The Olympian	publisher	Harper and Brothers
Musika	publisher	Apple Inc.
Little Wizard Stories of Oz	publisher	Reilly & Britton
God's Helicopter	publisher	Slow Loris Press
Phoebe Daring	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Personal Trainer: Walking	publisher	Nintendo
Mojib-Ribbon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
K.	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Superman: Secret Origin	publisher	DC Comics
At the Villa Rose	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
At the Villa Rose	publisher	The Musson Book Company
At the Villa Rose	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Konga	publisher	Charlton Comics
Xplora1: Peter Gabriel's Secret World	publisher	MacPlay
Animal Fairy Tales	publisher	International Wizard of Oz Club and Opium Books
Hanappe Bazooka	publisher	Shueisha
Karnaaj Rally	publisher	Jaleco Entertainment
The Meaning of Witchcraft	publisher	Various
Book of Artifacts	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Lies Across America	publisher	New Press
Hell and Back	publisher	Maverick
Another Kind of Monday	publisher	Atheneum Books
Godzilla Generations	publisher	Sega
Compass in the Blood	publisher	Atheneum Books
Beaufort	publisher	Zmora Bitan ; Random House
Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Moscow Rules	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
New Amazonia	publisher	Tower Publishing Co.
Nicolas Sarkozy Voodoo Manual	publisher	K&B Editors, Paris
The Deer Hunter	publisher	Exeter Books
Malefiz	publisher	Ravensburger
Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers	publisher	Julian Messner, Inc.
Spider-Man	publisher	Activision
The Keep	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Long Shadows	publisher	HarperCollins
NASCAR Kart Racing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Real Sound: Kaze no Regret	publisher	Sega
Bright Ambush	publisher	John Day Company, New York
Amadeus Revenge	publisher	Systems Editoriale s.r.l.
Living Other Lives	publisher	Warner Books
Jimmy's Stars	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Castlevania: Lords of Shadow	publisher	Konami
The Great Smith House Hustle	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Ruins of Undermountain	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Jane's US Navy Fighters 97	publisher	Electronic Arts
Marshfield Dreams	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Ascent of Money	publisher	Penguin Press
Camera Works	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Buddha and His Dhamma	publisher	Siddhartha College Publications, Mumbai
Night Piece	publisher	Mercury Press
Wave	publisher	Annapurna Media Pvt. Ltd.
Astro Fighter Sunred	publisher	Square Enix
GTI Club+: Rally Côte d'Azur	publisher	Konami
Royal Exile	publisher	HarperVoyager
The Complete Book of Dwarves	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Cover Up	publisher	Knopf Books for Young Readers
Tokyo City Nights	publisher	Gameloft
Tyrant's Blood	publisher	HarperVoyager
Queen Ann in Oz	publisher	Emerald City Press / Books of Wonder
Blood and Memory	publisher	Voyager Books
You're in the Movies	publisher	Codemasters
Polyhedron	publisher	Elsevier
Memento Mori	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Memento Mori	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
I Am Wings	publisher	Atheneum Books
In the Eye of the Sun: Mexican Fiestas	publisher	W.W. Norton & Co Ltd,New York \
Night Below	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Springfield Paper	publisher	The Penda Publishing Company
Emergency Fire Response	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Education of Lev Navrozov	publisher	Harper & Row
A Voyage to Terra Australis	publisher	G. and W. Nicol
The Devil's Advocate	publisher	William Morrow, USA
Unveiling a Parallel	publisher	Arena Publishing Co.
Doki Doki Majo Shinpan 2 Duo	publisher	SNK Playmore
Ordinary Things: Poems from a Walk in Early Spring	publisher	Atheneum Books
Faith In What%3F	publisher	Avisson Press, Inc.
Lore of the Witch World	publisher	DAW Books
Spell of the Witch World	publisher	DAW Books
Innovations	publisher	MIT Press for George Mason University School of Public Policy, John F. Kennedy School of Government, and Legatum Center for Development and Entrepreneurship at MIT
Second Brother	publisher	New American Library
Petz: Dogz 2 and Catz 2	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
Petz: Dogz 2 and Catz 2	publisher	Neko Entertainment
Football Dreams	publisher	Seaview Books
The Autobiography of My Body	publisher	Dutton Penguin
House Work	publisher	Bridge Works Publishing Company
Nature Structural & Molecular Biology	publisher	Nature Research
Children, Youth and Environments	publisher	University of Colorado at Boulder
Realtime Interrupt	publisher	Bantam Books
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2	publisher	Activision
Guitar Hero 5	publisher	Activision
La Provence	publisher	Hachette Filipacchi Medias
The Magic Dishpan of Oz	publisher	Emerald City Press / Books of Wonder
An Iron Rose	publisher	HarperCollins, Australia
There Goes the Neighborhood	publisher	Vintage Books
The Soldier's Return	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Dear Zoe	publisher	Viking Press
Lost in the Garden	publisher	Viking Press
East Liberty	publisher	Banks Channel Books
Scarpetta	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Mystery Case Files: Return to Ravenhearst	publisher	Big Fish Games
Clara Vaughan	publisher	Macmillan & Co.
Make 10: A Journey of Numbers	publisher	Nintendo
Martial Power	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Wing of Night	publisher	Viking Press, Australia
Three Dog Night	publisher	Viking Press, Australia
The Day We Had Hitler Home	publisher	Picador, Australia
Arqtiq	publisher	Privately printed
The English Assassin	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The English Assassin	publisher	Penguin Books
The Road to Samarcand	publisher	Publications by Rupert Hart-Davis
Amazons!	publisher	DAW Books
Prehistorik Man	publisher	Kemco, Titus Interactive
The Deer Park	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
An Occasional Hell	publisher	The Permanent Press
Dead Man Falling	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Barbary Shore	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Relatively Speaking: Poems about Family	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Advertisements for Myself	publisher	Harvard University Press
Yoake no Mariko	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Death of a Gentle Lady	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
How to Break a Terrorist	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Kate Remembered	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Miyori no Mori	publisher	Akita Shoten
Amazons II	publisher	DAW Books
Daughters of Destiny	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Ripley's Believe It or Not!: The Riddle of Master Lu	publisher	Sanctuary Woods
Scribblenauts	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Born to be Riled	publisher	Penguin books
The Book of Negroes	publisher	HarperCollins
Cross-Country Crime	publisher	Pocket Books
K-On!	publisher	Houbunsha
Steel Ghosts	publisher	Berkeley Books
The Man Who Loved Dirty Books	publisher	New American Library
Answer Before Dark	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
The Forbidden Tree	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Juggler of Worlds	publisher	Tor Books
Racial Culture: A Critique	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Times Will Suit Them	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Family Glide Hockey	publisher	Aksys Games
Rhiannon: Curse of the Four Branches	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Rhiannon: Curse of the Four Branches	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Annabel	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Game	publisher	25
The Fate of a Crown	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Buried Alive: The Elements of Love	publisher	Atheneum Books
Basquash!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Juma and the Magic Jinn	publisher	Lothrop, Lee & Shepard
The Christopher Killer	publisher	Penguin Books
Death from the Skies!	publisher	Viking Press
Nocturnes	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Birthday Present	publisher	Viking Press
The Birthday Present	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Portobello	publisher	Hutchinson
Portobello	publisher	Doubleday
The Girl Who Played with Fire	publisher	Norstedts Förlag , Quercus
The Chalk Circle Man	publisher	Hermé
Brain Strainers	publisher	Carousel Software
Brain Strainers	publisher	Coleco
HEAT	publisher	Giramondo Publishing
HEAT	publisher	University of Western Sydney
Attack of the Mutant Underwear	publisher	Holiday House
Attack of the Mutant Underwear	publisher	Puffin Books
Attack of the Mutant Underwear	publisher	Open Road Media
Elasto Mania	publisher	Independent video game development
The Submerged Cathedral	publisher	Vintage Books, Australia
One False Note	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Acting Out	publisher	Stanford University Press
CT Special Forces	publisher	Hip Interactive
White-Washing Race	publisher	The University of California Press
Individualism and Economic Order	publisher	Routledge
Individualism and Economic Order	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Cambrian Medieval Celtic Studies	publisher	Aberystwyth University
The Paradise of Bachelors and the Tartarus of Maids	publisher	Harper's Magazine
Pearl Pink	publisher	Hakusensha
Serious Sam	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Serious Sam	publisher	Gotham Games
Serious Sam	publisher	Global Star Software
Serious Sam	publisher	Devolver Digital
Have You Been to the Beach Lately%3F	publisher	Orchard Books
Cell and Tissue Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Codename: Gordon	publisher	Valve Corporation
A Writing Kind of Day	publisher	Boyds Mills Press
Swords Against Darkness II	publisher	Zebra Books
Heroic Fantasy	publisher	DAW Books
Conversations avec J. M. G. Le Clézio	publisher	Mercure de France,Paris
Haï	publisher	Editions d'art Albert Skira,Les Sentiers de la création, Geneva
Mydriase	publisher	Éditions Fata Morgana, Saint-Clément-la-Rivière,
L'Inconnu sur la Terre	publisher	Gallimard, Paris
Trois Villes saintes	publisher	Gallimard, Paris
Dans la maison d'Edith	publisher	literature today University of Oklahoma.;71, no. 4, 679–682
Ailleurs	publisher	Arléa : Diffusion Le Seuil, Paris
Sur Lautréamont	publisher	Editions Complexe,Collection\
L'Extase matérielle	publisher	Gallimard, Paris and Imprint from colophon by Mayenne : Impr. Floch, 1993.
Une lettre de J. M. G. Le Clézio	publisher	Revue des Deux Mondes, Paris, no.7
Ballaciner	publisher	Editions Gallimard, nrf, Paris
Freedom to Dream and Freedom to Speak	publisher	World Literature Today, University of Oklahoma
On Reading as True Travel	publisher	British Library Serials
The Minds of Marginalized Black Men	publisher	Princeton University Press
Moving Day	publisher	Boyds Mills Press
Pacific Affairs	publisher	University of British Columbia
Just Call Me Stupid	publisher	Penguin Books
Carry Me Across the Water	publisher	Random House
I Want My Mommy	publisher	Zimag
Fixing Global Finance	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Unequal Childhoods	publisher	University of California Press
The Other Side of the Rainbow	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton Ltd
Ireland: Landscapes of God's Peace	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Moments in a Lifetime	publisher	Appletree Press, Belfast
Keltis	publisher	Kosmos
Keltis	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Barmy Burgers	publisher	Blaby Computer Games
Monkey Grip	publisher	McPhee Gribble
Killer Kong	publisher	Blaby Computer Games
Swords Against Darkness	publisher	Zebra Books
Swords Against Darkness III	publisher	Zebra Books
Swords Against Darkness IV	publisher	Zebra Books
Swords Against Darkness V	publisher	Zebra Books
Hawksmoor	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Tamsin	publisher	Roc Books
Fludd	publisher	Viking Press
What's Cooking%3F with Jamie Oliver	publisher	Atari
The Rozabal Line	publisher	Lulu
The Rozabal Line	publisher	Revised Edition: Westland Ltd.
Biochemistry	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Sacred Balance	publisher	Greystone Books
Remix	publisher	Penguin Press
It's a Matter of Survival	publisher	Harvard University Press
Madness	publisher	Gentosha
Mastering Perl	publisher	O'Reilly Media
The Diothas	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Soldiers of Halla	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Soldiers of Halla	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Dragon Quest X	publisher	Square Enix
3D World	publisher	Stuart Anderton
The Room	publisher	Grove Press
NPPL Championship Paintball 2009	publisher	Activision
Hellboy: The Chained Coffin and Others	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Diagnosis of Love	publisher	Delta Trade Paperbacks
The Snow Queen	publisher	LUNA Books
Biochimica et Biophysica Acta	publisher	Elsevier
The Tyranny of the Market	publisher	Harvard University Press
They Call Me Carpenter	publisher	self published
Heroes' Lorebook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood	publisher	The Local History Company
Kawasaki Synthesizer	publisher	Sight & Sound Music Software, Inc.
The Race of the Tiger	publisher	Doubleday
The Race of the Tiger	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Opuscula Mathematica	publisher	AGH University of Science and Technology
IEEE Micro	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Villains' Lorebook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Abra Cadaver	publisher	Signet Books
Hocus Corpus	publisher	Onyx
Walking Trees	publisher	Heinemann
Tragic Wand	publisher	Onyx
Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications	publisher	Elsevier
B.O.D.Y.	publisher	Shueisha
Dynasty of Death	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Sacred Blaze	publisher	Flight-Plan
Evochron Legends	publisher	StarWraith 3D Games
Family Park Tycoon	publisher	Astragon
Le Dernier Verre	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Genes & Development	publisher	Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press
After the War	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
After the War	publisher	Topeka Bindery
Froudacity	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
The History of British India	publisher	London: Baldwin, Cradock and Joy
Circuit no Ōkami	publisher	Shueisha
The Race Card: Campaign Strategy, Implicit Messages, and the Norm of Equality	publisher	Princeton University Press
Forgotten Realms Adventures	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Taking Pictures	publisher	Jonathan Cape
In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Book of Mercy	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Beatmania IIDX 16: Empress	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
I Had Seen Castles	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Lost in the Barrens	publisher	Little, Brown & Co
Hockey Allstar Shootout	publisher	Big Blue Bubble
Gnip Gnop	publisher	Parker Brothers 1971-, Fundex Games 2005-
Great Contemporaries	publisher	Thornton Butterworth Ltd . Odhams press Ltd .
Vassalord	publisher	Mag Garden
Pineapple Army	publisher	Shogakukan
One Day of Life	publisher	Vintage Books
Holy Deadlock	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Great Romance	publisher	Privately printed
Infinity and the Mind	publisher	Birkhäuser
Glass Rose	publisher	Capcom
Alamat ng Gubat	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Wildwood Dancing	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Linda McCartney's Sixties	publisher	Bulfinch
Heart and Soul	publisher	McArthur &amp; Company
Race Rebels: Culture, Politics, and the Black Working Class	publisher	Free Press
The Trial of Martin Ross	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Betrayers of the Truth	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Is the Holocaust Unique%3F	publisher	Westview Press
On the Road to Kandahar	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Image United	publisher	Image Comics
Wide World	publisher	Parker Brothers
Wide World	publisher	Waddingtons
Every Day is Mother's Day	publisher	Chatto and Windus
WSC Real 08: World Snooker Championship	publisher	Koch Media
The Words	publisher	George Braziller
Made in U.S.A.	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
New World Waiting	publisher	The Local History Company
The Insider	publisher	Olma-Press
The Scent of the Roses	publisher	Viking Press
Speaking of Jane Roberts	publisher	Moment Point Press, Inc.
Mr. Wimpy	publisher	Ocean Software
Regional Studies Association	publisher	Routledge
Culdcept Second	publisher	Media Factory
Coonardoo	publisher	Jonathan Cape, England
Hunter's Run	publisher	Eos Books
Hunter's Run	publisher	Voyager Books
Wishful Drinking	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Deceivers	publisher	Creative Arts Book Company
Shadow in the Mirror	publisher	Creative Arts Book Company
The Desperate Hours	publisher	Hats Off Books
Slow Water	publisher	Vintage Books, Australia
The Idea of Perfection	publisher	Picador
A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Thine Is the Glory	publisher	Arbor House
Earth Revisited	publisher	Arena Publishing Co.
Suicide Hill	publisher	The Mysterious Press
Rising Kingdoms	publisher	Black Bean Games
Steel Rose	publisher	Roc Books
Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy	publisher	Doubleday
The Fruits of Fascism	publisher	Cornell University Press
Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater	publisher	Science-Fiction & Fantasy Publications
100 Classic Book Collection	publisher	Nintendo
100 Classic Book Collection	publisher	HarperCollins
Dante's Inferno	publisher	Electronic Arts
Out on a Limb	publisher	Bantam Books
1969: The Year Everything Changed	publisher	Skyhorse Publishing
LoftLife	publisher	Joe Resudek
Church History	publisher	American Society of Church History
Critique	publisher	Illinois State University
Drift and Mastery	publisher	The University of Wisconsin Press, et al
Brain Age Express	publisher	Nintendo
Human Crossing	publisher	Shogakukan
Sub-Coelum	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Pursuit of Laughter	publisher	Gibson Square
Vertigo	publisher	Eichborn
When a Crocodile Eats the Sun	publisher	Picador
Flesh-Colored Horror	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
The Bulwark	publisher	Doubleday
The Book of Lies	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Hastings Center Report	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Feathers	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Casebook	publisher	Big Fish Games
Educating Eve	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group
Benevolent Assimilation	publisher	Yale University Press
Metal Gear Solid Touch	publisher	Konami
Bhuswargo Bhayankar	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Chicks in Chainmail	publisher	Baen Books
Magical Thinking	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Propitious Esculent	publisher	Random House
Lords of Darkness	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Lords of Darkness	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Did You Say Chicks%3F!	publisher	Baen Books
RNA Biology	publisher	Landes Bioscience
Chicks 'n Chained Males	publisher	Baen Books
The Chick is in the Mail	publisher	Baen Books
Gloom	publisher	Atlas Games
Turn the Other Chick	publisher	Baen Books
Bangladesh Journal of Pharmacology	publisher	Bangladesh Pharmacological Society
Yuria 100 Shiki	publisher	Hakusensha
Bad Boy	publisher	Oni Press
Chop Shop	publisher	Howard Books
The 13th Reality	publisher	Shadow Mountain
The 13th Reality	publisher	Shadow Mountain Publishing
The Cambridge History of Ancient China	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Shinobi Life	publisher	Akita Shoten
Daily Champion	publisher	Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu
East Asia Law Review	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Law School East Asian Legal Studies Association
2894	publisher	G. W. Dillingham
Educational Studies in Mathematics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The House that Ate the Hamptons	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Histochemistry and Cell Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society for Histochemistry
IT Fusion	publisher	MachMedia
The Beatles: Rock Band	publisher	MTV
Seiddab Trilogy	publisher	Hewson Consultants
La Ronde et autres faits divers	publisher	Bison Books
Le Livre des fuites	publisher	Gallimard,Le Chemin
Le Livre des fuites	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity	publisher	*1985 \n*1987
Goldsborough	publisher	Paul List Verlag
Call of Duty: World at War – Final Fronts	publisher	Activision
The Milltillionaire	publisher	Privately printed
Blood Promise	publisher	Razorbill
Zzoom	publisher	Imagine Software
The Human Drift	publisher	New Era Publishing Co.
Pedro	publisher	Imagine Software
The Nether World	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Under Siege	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Robocalypse	publisher	Tecmo
Derby Time Online	publisher	SCEI
Spelunker HD	publisher	Irem Software Engineering, Tozai Games
Tamburlaine Must Die	publisher	Canongate Books
Breaking Dawn	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Barack Obama: Der schwarze Kennedy	publisher	Orell Füssli
Conservation Fallout	publisher	University of Nevada Press
Batman	publisher	Ocean Software
The World a Department Store	publisher	Privately printed
Rolan's Curse	publisher	American Sammy
Chicago Syndicate	publisher	Sega
Forward Magazine	publisher	Abdulsalam Haykal
My SAT Coach	publisher	Ubisoft
Shenandoah	publisher	Washington and Lee University
Journal of Nutrition	publisher	American Society for Nutrition
Nutrition and Cancer	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology and Metabolism	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Journal of Ethnopharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Bless You Boys	publisher	Contemporary Books
Acta Paediatrica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Bridge to Nowhere	publisher	Orchard Books
Economic Botany	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media and the New York Botanical Garden Press on behalf of the Society for Economic Botany
The Wild Girls	publisher	Viking Press
Redemption Song	publisher	Liberties Press
The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World	publisher	Atheneum Books
Journal of Mental Health	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Linguistic Review	publisher	Mouton de Gruyter
Annals of the Twenty-Ninth Century	publisher	Samuel Tinsley
Anthropology of Consciousness	publisher	American Anthropological Association
Pride	publisher	Shueisha
World Series Baseball 2K1	publisher	Sega
Army Men: Air Tactics	publisher	The 3DO Company
Army Men II	publisher	The 3DO Company
Army Men: Major Malfunction	publisher	Global Star Software
Trevor McFur in the Crescent Galaxy	publisher	Atari
Journal of Neurology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Year of the Angry Rabbit	publisher	Heinemann
Annals of Tropical Paediatrics	publisher	Maney Publishing
Comprehensive Therapy	publisher	Humana Press, from 2008 American Society of Contemporary Medicine and Surgery
Coral Gardens	publisher	List  Harper Collins
The People of Kau	publisher	List
The People of Kau	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Last of the Nuba	publisher	List
The Last of the Nuba	publisher	US- Harper and Row , St. Martin's Press
Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell, on behalf of the New York Academy of Sciences
Handles	publisher	Viking Press
Critical Reviews in Toxicology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
MLB 09: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Fifty Classic Climbs of North America	publisher	Sierra Club Books
X-Men: Kingbreaker	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Georgia Review	publisher	University of Georgia
Indian Journal of Psychiatry	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Psychiatric Society
Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur	publisher	Mercure de France Collection Bleue,Paris
Voyages de l'autre côté	publisher	Gallimard,Le Chemin,Paris
La Guerre	publisher	Gallimard, Le Chemin
La Guerre	publisher	Atheneum Press
La Guerre	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Le Chercheur d'or	publisher	Gallimard, Folio;Paris
Le Chercheur d'or	publisher	English translation: David R. Godine, Publisher
Wandering Star	publisher	Gallimard
La Quarantaine	publisher	Gallimard, collections \
Poisson d'or	publisher	Gallimard,Folio, Paris
Ourania	publisher	Gallimard,« collection \
Hasard suivi de Angoli Mala	publisher	Gallimard
Révolutions	publisher	Gallimard
Fantômes dans la rue	publisher	Elle, Aubin Imprimeur
Ritournelle de la faim	publisher	Gallimard,Collection Blanche
Getting Near to Baby	publisher	G.P.Putnams Sons\nPenguin Young Readers Corp
Rugrats: Studio Tour	publisher	THQ
Pawana	publisher	Gallimard
Last Night on Earth	publisher	Flying Frog Productions
Vanishing Africa	publisher	List  Harmony
Les Géants	publisher	Gallimard,Le Chemin
Journal for Research in Mathematics Education	publisher	National Council of Teachers of Mathematics
Mondo and Other Stories	publisher	Gallimard, Paris
Mondo and Other Stories	publisher	U of Nebraska P, Lincoln
Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Monsters of Faerûn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Developmental Psychobiology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Society for Developmental Psychobiology
Myanmar Alin	publisher	Ministry of Information
STCC – The Game	publisher	Atari
The Million Pound Bank Note	publisher	Langenscheidt ELT
I Love Katamari	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Promise: God's Purpose and Plan for When Life Hurts	publisher	HarperOne
Reproduction	publisher	Bioscientifica on behalf of the Society for Reproduction and Fertility
Fuzzy Sets and Systems	publisher	Elsevier
Unknown Worlds of Science Fiction	publisher	Curtis Magazines
Once Upon a Nightwish	publisher	Like Kustannus Oy
Once Upon a Nightwish	publisher	Deggael Communications, Bazillion Points Publishing
Journal of Inherited Metabolic Disease	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Mech Platoon	publisher	Kemco
Along for the Ride	publisher	Viking Children’s Books
Disney Sing It! – High School Musical 3: Senior Year	publisher	Disney Interactive
Jeremy Clarkson on Ferrari	publisher	Lancaster Publishing Ltd
Journal of Learning Disabilities	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism	publisher	The Endocrine Society
Near to the Wild Heart	publisher	A Noite Editora
Album of Dinosaurs	publisher	Rand McNally
Extreme Pinball	publisher	Electronic Arts
Britain, Australia and the Bomb	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Reproduction, Fertility and Development	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
Batman	publisher	DC Comics
Batman	publisher	Image Comics
New Delta Review	publisher	Creative Writing Program
New Delta Review	publisher	English Department
New Delta Review	publisher	Louisiana State University
The Dark Tower: The Sorcerer	publisher	Marvel Comics
Don't Miss The Boat	publisher	Parker Brothers
Don't Miss The Boat	publisher	Waddingtons
Journal of Black Psychology	publisher	Association of Black Psychologists
Printemps et autres saisons	publisher	Gallimard
La Fête chantée et autres essais de thème amérindien	publisher	Le Promeneur, Paris
Cœur brûle et autres romances	publisher	Gallimard
Tabataba suivi de pawana	publisher	Ibis rouge éditions
Voyage au pays des arbres	publisher	Gallimard-Jeunesse/Folio Cadet,Paris
Villa Aurore	publisher	Gallimard
Canaan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Canaan	publisher	Bandai Visual
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team	publisher	PlayStation
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team	publisher	Disney Interactive
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team	publisher	PlayStation 2
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Redeemer	publisher	Random House
The Width of Waters	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
OutRun Online Arcade	publisher	Sega
Writers on Comics Scriptwriting	publisher	Titan Books
Counting Heads	publisher	Tor Books
Go to the Head of the Class	publisher	Winning Moves
Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Twin Hawk	publisher	Taito Corporation
Iron Man: Enter the Mandarin	publisher	Marvel Comics
Saving the Appearances: A Study in Idolatry	publisher	Wesleyan, Barfield Press
High Hopes: The Amityville Murders	publisher	Bell
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Punisher	publisher	MAX Comics
Family Guy: Peter Griffin's Guide to the Holidays	publisher	HarperCollins
Things Could Be Worse	publisher	Brown Prior Anderson Pty Ltd
The Wings of Merlin	publisher	Penguin Group
Pirate Freedom	publisher	Tor Books
Cradle of Rome	publisher	D3 Publisher
Beyond Oil	publisher	Hill and Wang
The Secret	publisher	Atria Books
The Secret	publisher	Beyond Words Publishing
The Act of Creation	publisher	Hutchinson
The Act of Creation	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Boy in the Dress	publisher	HarperCollins
FutureU	publisher	Aspyr Media
AMF Bowling World Lanes	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Charmed board games	publisher	Tilsit Editions
Green Arrow: Year One	publisher	DC Comics
Aller Retour New York	publisher	Obelisk Press
Daley Thompson's Decathlon	publisher	Ocean Software
The Spirit	publisher	DC Comics
Year's Best SF 13	publisher	HarperCollins
Cutie Honey FX	publisher	NEC
Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Southern Indiana Review	publisher	University of Southern Indiana
SingStar Queen	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Leaving Springfield	publisher	Wayne State University Press
Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku	publisher	Takeshobo
Quofum	publisher	Del Rey Books
Starring Tracy Beaker	publisher	Doubleday
Angel at the Fence	publisher	Berkley Books
Curious George	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Curious George Takes a Job	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Eye of the Forest	publisher	Orchard Books
Curious George Rides a Bike	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren	publisher	Auflage
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren	publisher	St Martins Press
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren	publisher	Quarter
Wonder under Water	publisher	Herbig , Quartet Books
Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy	publisher	1996
Syren	publisher	HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing
Bare Bones	publisher	William Heinemann London
Australian Journal of Entomology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Poverty of Historicism	publisher	Routledge
Curious George Goes to the Hospital	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Seattle Journal for Social Justice	publisher	Seattle University School of Law
Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate	publisher	Profile Books
Qwirkle	publisher	Mindware
Jours de France	publisher	Marcel Dassault
Burkenroad Reports	publisher	Freeman School of Business at Tulane University
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Seton's Wild Animals	publisher	Shogakukan
Seton's Wild Animals	publisher	Seirindō
The White Road	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Hetalia: Axis Powers	publisher	Gentosha
Hetalia: Axis Powers	publisher	Shueisha
Mystery Case Files: MillionHeir	publisher	Nintendo
Dragonwyck	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Plutonium Files	publisher	The Dial Press
Geneforge 5: Overthrow	publisher	Spiderweb Software
The Code of the Harpers	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Aurora Floyd	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Serpent and the Rainbow	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Current Medical Research and Opinion	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
St. Fidgeta and Other Parodies	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Werewolves of London	publisher	Mastertronic
Werewolves of London	publisher	Ariolasoft
Harmonia Macrocosmica	publisher	Johannes Janssonius
G-Force	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and His Travelling Circus	publisher	Bad Moon Books
A Crystal Age	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
The Endless Forest	publisher	Tale of Tales
Here My Home Once Stood	publisher	Fourth Generation Publishing
An Atlas of Fantasy	publisher	Ballantine Books
Statism and Anarchy	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Green Bible	publisher	Harper Bibles
Pop Cutie! Street Fashion Simulation	publisher	Koei
Reptilia	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Cardiaxx	publisher	Team 17
Stanisław Jastrzębski	publisher	Nortom
Dynamic Heroes	publisher	Kodansha
The Stand: American Nightmares	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tiki Towers	publisher	RealNetworks
Tiki Towers	publisher	GameHouse
The Island of Adventure	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Legacy of Ashes	publisher	Doubleday
Elite Warriors: Vietnam	publisher	Infogrames
Elite Warriors: Vietnam	publisher	Bold Games
Endocrine Journal	publisher	The Japan Endocrine Society
Texas Hold 'Em Poker	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Sunday Leader	publisher	Leader Publications  Limited
NamCollection	publisher	Namco
The Year of the Flood	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Year of the Flood	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Confessor	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Fringe Dwellers	publisher	Heinemann
Magic of Faerûn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Cambridge Quarterly of Healthcare Ethics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Making Peace with the Planet	publisher	Pantheon Books
Railway Modeller	publisher	Peco
CART World Series	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Cabin Faced West	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
New Writings in SF 22	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
South Park 10: The Game	publisher	RealNetworks
New Writings in SF 1	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Music Catch	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Fieldrunners	publisher	Subatomic Studios
Fieldrunners	publisher	Hands-On Mobile
The Journal of Ayn Rand Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
Star Wars Battlefront	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rumors: A Luxe Novel	publisher	HarperCollins
Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Rolando	publisher	Ngmoco
Girl Friends	publisher	Futabasha
Free Food for Millionaires	publisher	Warner Books
American Exorcist: Critical Essays on William Peter Blatty	publisher	McFarland & Company
Bro Code	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Australian Entomologist	publisher	Entomological Society of Queensland
Kinflicks	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Spelunky	publisher	Mossmouth
Iruresa	publisher	Leader Publications  Limited
Death with Interruptions	publisher	Harcourt
Gearheads	publisher	Philips Media
The Crossroads	publisher	Random House
King of the Rattling Spirits	publisher	Scala House Press
Bat-Manga!: The Secret History of Batman in Japan	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Oversoul Seven Trilogy	publisher	Amber Allen
Heart and Soul	publisher	Harcourt Children's Books
Children of Paradise	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
JLA	publisher	DC Comics
A Place Called Freedom	publisher	Pan Macmillan
El Llano en llamas	publisher	Fondo de Cultura Económica
Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Project Torque	publisher	Aeria Games & Entertainment
A.I. Revolution	publisher	Akita Shoten
Logan	publisher	Marvel Knights
Mumsi Meets a Lion	publisher	BJU Press
GAO Journal	publisher	Government Accountability Office
GAO Review	publisher	Government Accountability Office
The Speech: Race and Barack Obama's %22A More Perfect Union%22	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
InsideChips	publisher	Steve Szirom
Lego Rock Band	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Babylon Babies	publisher	Semiotext
Canadian Journal of Sociology	publisher	University of Alberta
Six-legged Soldiers	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Defector	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Doom 3: Maelstrom	publisher	Simon & Schuster
List of canceled Command & Conquer games	publisher	Electronic Arts
Vox Sanguinis	publisher	International Society of Blood Transfusion
Vox Sanguinis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
DJ Max Fever	publisher	PM Studios
Die Nigger Die!	publisher	Dial Press
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Work	publisher	Reilly & Britton
Kristen Iversen	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún	publisher	HarperCollins
The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Broken Soup	publisher	HarperCollins
Energy Work	publisher	Hampton Roads Publishing Company
Warlocked	publisher	Nintendo
Carbon	publisher	Elsevier
A Beautiful Place to Die	publisher	Atria Books A Division of Simon & Schuster, Inc.
Snoopy Tennis	publisher	Infogrames
Lost in Blue: Shipwrecked	publisher	Konami
Inkwell	publisher	Manhattanville College
Rules of Engagement	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Price of Murder	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Ultimates	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sandy Beach	publisher	Konami
Zettai Heiwa Daisakusen	publisher	Hakusensha
Dance Dance Revolution Disney Grooves	publisher	Konami
The Groves of Academe	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
Aunt Jane's Nieces in the Red Cross	publisher	Reilly & Britton
A Person of Interest	publisher	Viking Press
The Jukebox Queen of Malta	publisher	Bantam Press
Ducati Moto	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
MySims Racing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Otaku no Musume-san	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Young Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ordinary Heroes	publisher	Booksurge
Iridion II	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Iridion II	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Pocky & Rocky 2	publisher	Natsume
Star X	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
The Little Mermaid 2: Pinball Frenzy	publisher	Nintendo
European Symposium on Algorithms	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
European Symposium on Algorithms	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Pipo Saru 2001	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Fun! Fun! Minigolf	publisher	Shin'en Multimedia
43 Years with the Same Bird	publisher	Macmillan
Armed Police Batrider	publisher	Eighting
The Hidden Treasure of Glaston	publisher	Bethlehem Books, Scholastic Corporation
Man Eating Bugs	publisher	Random House
Psychology, Public Policy and Law	publisher	American Psychological Association
Hope Summers	publisher	Marvel Comics
New Writings in SF 2	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 3	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Dragontorc	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Son of Interflux	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
New Writings in SF 4	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 5	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 6	publisher	Dennis Dobson
The Kine Saga	publisher	Hamlyn
The Kine Saga	publisher	Muller
Louis Althusser and the Traditions of French Marxism	publisher	Lexington Books
Bad Monkeys	publisher	Harper
Marvel Zombies 4	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fate: Undiscovered Realms	publisher	WildTangent
Fate: Undiscovered Realms	publisher	Encore Software
Head On	publisher	Sega/Gremlin
My Sister, My Love	publisher	Ecco Press
Fundamenta Informaticae	publisher	IOS Press
New Writings in SF 7	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 9	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 8	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 11	publisher	Corgi
New Writings in SF 10	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Law & Justice	publisher	The Edmund Plowden Trust
New Writings in SF 12	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Ultra Cute	publisher	Kodansha
Autonomy	publisher	BBC Books
No Coins, Please	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
Red Blinds the Foolish	publisher	Ohzora Publishing
Spinmaster	publisher	Data East
Spinmaster	publisher	SNK Playmore
Monster Manual 2	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dungeon Master's Guide 2	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Player's Handbook 2	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Frozen Fire	publisher	Oxford University Press
Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Forgotten Realms Player's Guide	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Professor Unrat	publisher	Albert Langen
Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 – Uprising	publisher	Electronic Arts
Review of General Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Riot	publisher	Chicago Labor Printing Company
Flipnote Studio	publisher	Nintendo
Remember Me%3F	publisher	Black Swan
Colosseum	publisher	Days of Wonder
The Krillitane Storm	publisher	BBC Books
Curtain Up	publisher	J. M. Dent & Sons
Lesbian Feminist Circle	publisher	Sisters for Homophile Equality
Harriet Said...	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Harriet Said...	publisher	George Braziller
Love Attack!	publisher	Kodansha
The Girl Who Leapt Through Space	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Girl Who Leapt Through Space	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Siege of Trencher's Farm	publisher	Secker & Warburg
International Journal of Government Auditing	publisher	International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions
La Frontera: The New Mestiza	publisher	Aunt Lute Books
Manifold	publisher	University of Warwick
Swords Against Tomorrow	publisher	Signet Books
The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution	publisher	Free Press
The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution	publisher	Transworld
Journal of the Malaysian Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society	publisher	Malaysian Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society
VIP	publisher	Michael O'Doherty
Major League Baseball 2K9 Fantasy All-Stars	publisher	2
Fugue	publisher	University of Idaho
Reader Rabbit Preschool: Sparkle Star Rescue	publisher	The Learning Company
Ionia	publisher	E. A. Weeks Co.
Conga Bugs	publisher	GameTantra
Easy Money	publisher	Wahlström & Widstrand
Le Silence de la Cité	publisher	Alire
Colossus and the Crab	publisher	Berkley
Rideback	publisher	Shogakukan
TV Now	publisher	Michael O'Doherty
Kiss	publisher	Michael O'Doherty
Conflict of Heroes	publisher	Academy Games
Conflict of Heroes	publisher	Elfinwerks
Stellar	publisher	Michael O'Doherty
We Couldn't Leave Dinah	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Chronic City	publisher	Doubleday
Alexandria	publisher	Century
Alexandria	publisher	Mysterious Press
Synthetic Metals	publisher	Elsevier
Arthur! Ready to Race	publisher	The Learning Company
Trading Faces	publisher	Simon and Schuster
OneChanbara: Bikini Zombie Slayers	publisher	D3 Publisher
Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood	publisher	Ubisoft
Ninja Hayate	publisher	Taito
Ninja Hayate	publisher	Wolf Team
Ninja Hayate	publisher	Renovation Products
Ninja Hayate	publisher	Sega
Ninja Hayate	publisher	Ecseco
La Question	publisher	Éditions de Minuit
Tactical Manager	publisher	Black Legend Software
Conflict of Heroes: Awakening the Bear!	publisher	Academy Games
Conflict of Heroes: Awakening the Bear!	publisher	Elfinwerks
Not the End of the World	publisher	Doubleday
Visitors from London	publisher	J. M. Dent
Albany Government Law Review	publisher	Albany Law School
Ace of Diamond	publisher	Kodansha
Ace of Diamond	publisher	Kodansha
One Corpse Too Many	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Rhondda Leader	publisher	Media Wales
Homunculus	publisher	Ace Books
Swordsmen and Supermen	publisher	Centaur Press
An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Liars in Love	publisher	Delacorte/S. Lawrence
The Worry Website	publisher	Doubleday
Ghosts	publisher	New Directions Publishing
How I Became a Nun	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Island	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
The Radium Woman	publisher	Heinemann
The Secret Magdalene	publisher	Eio Books
Young West	publisher	Arena Publishing Co.
Don't Leave Me Alone, Daisy	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Don't Leave Me Alone, Daisy	publisher	ASCII
Otogi Matsuri: Dark Offering	publisher	Wani Books
Otogi Matsuri: Dark Offering	publisher	Shinchosha
Switch	publisher	Square Enix
River Boy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Restaurant Empire II	publisher	Paradox Interactive
From Lowbrow to Nobrow	publisher	McGill-Queen's University Press
European Science Editing	publisher	European Association of Science Editors
Hammerfight	publisher	Kranx Productions
Hammerfight	publisher	1C Company
Separation of Power	publisher	Pocket Books
The Hacker and the Ants	publisher	AvoNova
Genome Biology	publisher	BioMed Central
Studies in Second Language Acquisition	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Language Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
A Prophetic Romance	publisher	Arena Publishing Co.
A Certain Ambiguity	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Year of the Hare	publisher	Weilin+Göös
House to House	publisher	Free Press
Cross Days	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Violet	publisher	Jeremy Freese
Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
The Women	publisher	Viking Press
Monster Blood Tattoo: Lamplighter	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Student Council's Discretion	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Student Council's Discretion	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Student Council's Discretion	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Frogger: The Great Quest	publisher	Konami
Literature from the %22Axis of Evil%22	publisher	The New Press
Kanamemo	publisher	Houbunsha
Zwei!!	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Zwei!!	publisher	Taito
When Giants Walked the Earth	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
El Día	publisher	Raúl Kraiselburd
Iyyun	publisher	S. H. Bergman Center for Philosophical Studies of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Bit.Trip Beat	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Beat	publisher	Arc System Works
Bit.Trip Beat	publisher	Gaijin Games
Bit.Trip Beat	publisher	Namco Bandai
Walkups	publisher	Conundrum Press
Walkups	publisher	Editions Adage
07 Seconds or Less	publisher	Touchstone
GAA Confidential	publisher	Hodder Headline Ireland
The Great Wheel	publisher	Viking Juvenile
Azdarar	publisher	Harutyun Shmavonyan
GA Geijutsuka Art Design Class	publisher	Heiwa Shuppan
GA Geijutsuka Art Design Class	publisher	Houbunsha
No One Thinks of Greenland	publisher	Picador
Flying Dragon: The Secret Scroll	publisher	Culture Brain
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones	publisher	Scholastic Press
Irish Voice	publisher	Niall O'Dowd
Mini Ninjas	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Mini Ninjas	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Mini Ninjas	publisher	Feral Interactive
Functional Materials	publisher	Institute for Single Crystals of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
The White Tiger	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ukrainian Journal of Physics	publisher	Department of Physics and Astronomy of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Hell's Horizon	publisher	Harper Collins
Israel's Secret Wars	publisher	Grove Press
Amulets & Armor	publisher	United Software Artists
Legends of Valour	publisher	U.S. Gold
Legends of Valour	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Legends of Valour	publisher	Ving Co., Ltd.
Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
O Presidente Negro	publisher	Companhia Editora Nacional
O Presidente Negro	publisher	Editora Globo
Revista H	publisher	Notmusa, Inc.
Paint It Black	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Citizen's Briefing Book	publisher	Obama administration
Iterative Receiver Design	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Computer Networks	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Communications	publisher	Academy Publisher
Valkyria	publisher	Enterbrain
Valkyria	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Valkyria	publisher	Enterbrain
Fifth Planet	publisher	Heinemann
Ossian's Ride	publisher	Heinemann
Do Hard Things	publisher	WaterBrook Multnomah
Corvette	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Corvette	publisher	PS2
Corvette	publisher	Global Star Software
Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics	publisher	American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics
The War Between the Tates	publisher	Random House
The Lost World	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Smash-Up	publisher	Ubisoft
Journey to Mars	publisher	G. W. Dillingham
Trick or Treatment	publisher	Bantam Press
Code to Zero	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Magic Orbz	publisher	Creat Studios
Magic Orbz	publisher	TikGames
The Black Robe	publisher	All the Year Round
The Taking of Chelsea 426	publisher	BBC Books
The Nemonite Invasion	publisher	BBC Audio
Strike Fighters 2	publisher	Third Wire
Beach Volley	publisher	Ocean Software Ltd
The Journal of Korean Studies	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
Bind Us Together	publisher	Thankful Books
The Virgin Book of British Hit Singles	publisher	Virgin Books
Star Trek: Countdown	publisher	IDW Publishing
Delta Force: Xtreme 2	publisher	NovaLogic
Gaku: Minna no Yama	publisher	Shogakukan
Moscow Defense Brief	publisher	Centre for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies
Grand Theft Auto: The Lost and Damned	publisher	Rockstar Games
Black Bird	publisher	Shogakukan
Kanon	publisher	Shogakukan
Journey to Venus	publisher	Arena Publishing Co.
The Mystery of Banking	publisher	Richardson & Snyder
Symposium on Parallelism in Algorithms and Architectures	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Occupational Medicine	publisher	Oxford University press
Wired for War	publisher	Penguin
There's a Girl in My Hammerlock	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dead Man's Ransom	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Secret Service	publisher	Activision Value
Vogue Paris	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Haguregumo	publisher	Shogakukan
Dead Until Dark	publisher	Ace Books
Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Academy of Dermatology
Heaven's Lost Property	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Kemono no Sōja	publisher	Kodansha
Warm Gun	publisher	www.emotionalrobots.com
American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education	publisher	American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy
Poe no Ichizoku	publisher	Shogakukan
Dame Oyaji	publisher	Akebono Shuppan
Dame Oyaji	publisher	Shogakukan
Notari Matsutarō	publisher	Shogakukan
Archiv für das Studium der neueren Sprachen und Literaturen	publisher	Erich Schmidt Verlag
The Lost City of Z	publisher	Doubleday
All Star Cheer Squad 2	publisher	THQ
The Accidental Time Machine	publisher	ACE BOOKS
Journal of Organizational Behavior	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
International Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery	publisher	Elsevier
BMC Cancer	publisher	BioMed Central
Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, and Oral Radiology	publisher	Mosby
ChemPhysChem	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Dark Fire	publisher	Orchard Books, an imprint of Scholastic Inc.
The Lazarus Project	publisher	Riverhead Books
Prayers for Bobby: A Mother's Coming to Terms with the Suicide of Her Gay Son	publisher	HarperCollins
Top Spin 2	publisher	2
Kirinyaga	publisher	The Ballantine Publishing Group, a Del Rey book
Hidamari no Ki	publisher	Shogakukan
Kirakira	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
SWAT and WADS conferences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
SWAT and WADS conferences	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Chalice	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
A Place of My Own	publisher	The Penguin Press
Nature Reviews Drug Discovery	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Nostalgia	publisher	Cartea Româneasca Publishing House
Nostalgia	publisher	Humanitas publishing house
Journal of Human Evolution	publisher	Elsevier
Gary Grigsby's Pacific War	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Toto!: The Wonderful Adventure	publisher	Kodansha
The Alchemy of Desire	publisher	Ecco Press
Jarinko Chie	publisher	Futabasha
Skagboys	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Skagboys	publisher	W. W. Norton
Commentarii Mathematici Helvetici	publisher	European Mathematical Society on behalf of the Swiss Mathematical Society
Kisshō Tennyo	publisher	Shogakukan
Musashi no Ken	publisher	Shogakukan
The Incredible Hercules	publisher	Marvel Comics
Galactic Odyssey	publisher	Berkley Books
The Last Decathlon	publisher	Dell
Paula Spencer	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Paula Spencer	publisher	Viking Press
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon	publisher	Berkley Books
De Nieuwe en Onbekende Weereld	publisher	Jacob van Meurs
Panku Ponk	publisher	Shogakukan
Purple Eyes in the Dark	publisher	Shogakukan
Fork Me, Spoon Me	publisher	Life of Reiley
Portugaliae Mathematica	publisher	European Mathematical Society
Datang Youxia Zhuan	publisher	Ta Kung Pao
The Touch	publisher	Century
The Touch	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pole's Big Adventure	publisher	Sega
Hero of Sparta	publisher	Gameloft
Predator: Bad Blood	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Politics of Reality	publisher	Crossing Press
The Drunken Forest	publisher	Rupert Hart-Davis
The Key to Rebecca	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Key to Rebecca	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Hakirah	publisher	Hakirah, Inc.
A Death in Vienna	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Leaf In A Bitter Wind	publisher	Bantam Books
The Yankee Years	publisher	Doubleday
Foe	publisher	Viking Press
Moonwalk	publisher	Doubleday
I'm the King of the Castle	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
I'm the King of the Castle	publisher	Viking Press
Savvy	publisher	Penguin Group
Gossip from the Forest	publisher	Collins, England and Australia
Picopict	publisher	Nintendo
Sujin Taisen: Number Battles	publisher	Nintendo
My Life in Dog Years	publisher	Dell Publishing
Tuvalu	publisher	Allen and Unwin, Australia
Darlah	publisher	Cappelen Damm
Darlah	publisher	Little, Brown
Reheated Cabbage	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Chase H.Q. 2	publisher	Taito Corporation
Boom Blox Bash Party	publisher	Electronic Arts
Twelve Sky	publisher	Alt1 and Aeria Games and Entertainment
The Galilee Hitch-Hiker	publisher	White Rabbit Press
Deeper	publisher	Chicken House
Living Dead in Dallas	publisher	Ace Books
Orbient	publisher	Nintendo
Club Dead	publisher	Ace Books
Neighborhood Games	publisher	THQ
Amader Shomoy	publisher	In favor of Notun Vision Private LTD
The Boy Who Dared	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Journal of Health and Social Behavior	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association
DJMax Trilogy	publisher	Neowiz Games
Boyfriend	publisher	Shogakukan
Futari Daka	publisher	Shogakukan
Konpeki no Kantai	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Canadian Journal of Earth Sciences	publisher	NRC Research Press
Dogzilla	publisher	Harcourt, Inc.
The Secret Scripture	publisher	Faber and Faber
Need for Speed: Nitro	publisher	Electronic Arts
Need for Speed: Shift	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Ratzinger Report	publisher	Ignatius Press
Need for Speed: World	publisher	Electronic Arts
Grave Sight	publisher	Berkley
For Love & Money	publisher	Picador
The Princess and Curdie	publisher	Strahan & Co
Rambo: First Blood Part II	publisher	Sega
Spindrift	publisher	Penguin Group
Scandinavian Journal of Work, Environment & Health	publisher	Nordic Association of Occupational Safety and Health
Moving the Mountain	publisher	Charlton Co.
Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Freefall	publisher	Chicken House Ltd
Stoner	publisher	Viking Press
My Favorite Carrera	publisher	Shueisha
My Favorite Carrera	publisher	Gentosha
Thirteenth City	publisher	AST
Organizational Research Methods	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Research Methods Division of the Academy of Management
Journal of Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the European Society for Paediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition and the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition
Journal of AOAC International	publisher	AOAC International
Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Molecular Neuroscience	publisher	Humana Press
Bone Marrow Transplantation	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Paediatric and Perinatal Epidemiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Irish Sword	publisher	Military History Society of Ireland
The Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and Molecular Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Still I Rise: A Graphic History of African Americans	publisher	Sterling Publishing
The Last of the Immortals	publisher	Eksmo
African Journal of Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Dermatology Online Journal	publisher	University of California, Davis
The Winds of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
The Chattahoochee Review	publisher	Georgia Perimeter College
Materials Science and Engineering R	publisher	Elsevier
Surface Science Reports	publisher	Elsevier
Headlong	publisher	HarperCollins Voyager
Fresh Pretty Cure!	publisher	Kodansha
Virtuous Leadership	publisher	Scepter Publishers
Journal of Medical Entomology	publisher	Entomological Society of America
FunTown Mahjong	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
European Journal of Work and Organizational Psychology	publisher	European Association of Work and Organizational Psychology
Ritam	publisher	Sportinvest, ROID Vuk Karadžić
Ritam	publisher	Ritam, IP Vuk Karadžić
Ritam	publisher	Ritam, Sorabia Disk
Ritam	publisher	Ritam
Hormone Research in Paediatrics	publisher	Karger Publishers
Clinical Chemistry	publisher	American Association for Clinical Chemistry
American Journal of Kidney Diseases	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the National Kidney Foundation
The Church of Scientology	publisher	Signature Books
Saki	publisher	Square Enix
The Journal of Wealth Management	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
The Journal of Portfolio Management	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
The Journal of Investing	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
The Journal of Structured Finance	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
The Journal of Fixed Income	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Net Ghost PiPoPa	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Horizon	publisher	Eos
March Upcountry	publisher	Baen Books
Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine
Girl Meets Boy	publisher	Canongate Books
Bhorer Kagoj	publisher	Saber Hossain Chowdhury
The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster	publisher	Four Seasons Foundation
The Big Love	publisher	Lancer Books/Warner Books Edition
Crocodile Tears	publisher	Walker Books
World of Warcraft	publisher	WildStorm
Professional Psychology: Research and Practice	publisher	American Psychological Association
Adventure Pinball: Forgotten Island	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Defining Moment	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God	publisher	David C. Cook
Quarrel	publisher	UTV Ignition Entertainment
Bad Science	publisher	Eos
Script and Scribble	publisher	Melville House Publishing
Notes from the Midnight Driver	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Deadly, Unna%3F	publisher	Penguin Books
The Birthday Party	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Alphabet of Dreams	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
We Ski & Snowboard	publisher	Namco Bandai
To Venus in Five Seconds	publisher	A. D. Innes
The Pluto Files	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Battlefield: Bad Company 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Hanada Shōnen Shi	publisher	Kodansha
Neural Networks	publisher	Elsevier
Runes of Magic	publisher	Gameforge
Runes of Magic	publisher	Runewaker Entertainment
Querelle of Brest	publisher	Marc Barbezat - L'Arbalete , Grove Press
Age of Empires	publisher	Microsoft
Journal of Management	publisher	Sage Publications
Onslaught	publisher	Hudson Soft
Wikipedia – The Missing Manual	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Fences and Windows	publisher	Random House
Fences and Windows	publisher	Picador
Classical Medley	publisher	Softbank
Xavier Review	publisher	Xavier University of Louisiana
Yakuman DS	publisher	Nintendo
The Game of Life	publisher	Milton Bradley Company and Winning Moves
Supercar Challenge	publisher	System 3
A Perfect Day for Love Letters	publisher	Kodansha
Dance in the Vampire Bund	publisher	Media Factory
The Shangri-La Diet	publisher	Perigee Books
Battlefield 1943	publisher	Electronic Arts
Virtua Tennis 2009	publisher	Sega
Ghost Pilots	publisher	SNK
My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy	publisher	Hyperion
Granny Was a Buffer Girl	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Wings of Wrath	publisher	DAW Books
Lego Battles	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Express Monopoly	publisher	Parker Brothers
Madness Under the Royal Palms	publisher	Disney Hyperion
A Man Lay Dead	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Enter a Murderer	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Death in Ecstasy	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Overture to Death	publisher	Lee Furman
Artists in Crime	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Death in a White Tie	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Vintage Murder	publisher	Geoffrey Bles
Surfeit of Lampreys	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Death and the Dancing Footman	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Colour Scheme	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Swing Brother Swing	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Opening Night	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Spinsters in Jeopardy	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Scales of Justice	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Singing in the Shrouds	publisher	Collins Crime Club
False Scent	publisher	The Crime Club
Off with His Head	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Hand in Glove	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Dead Water	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Clutch of Constables	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Death at the Dolphin	publisher	Collins Crime Club
When in Rome	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Tied Up in Tinsel	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Black as He's Painted	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Grave Mistake	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Last Ditch	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Photo Finish	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Light Thickens	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Experiments in Fluids	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Hands On! Tangrams	publisher	Storm City Games
Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Welcome to Hard Times	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Second Great Depression	publisher	Booklocker
The New Paul and Virginia	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Akher Saa	publisher	Akhbar El Yom
F1 2000	publisher	EA Sports
Ethnic Cleansing	publisher	Resistance Records
Monster Rancher Explorer	publisher	Tecmo
Chindi	publisher	Ace Books
Al-Mustaqbal	publisher	Arab United Press
The Klutz Book of Paper Airplanes	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
B. Ichi	publisher	Square Enix
Cutthroat Island	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Obama: From Promise to Power	publisher	HarperCollins
Buzz!: Brain of the World	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms	publisher	John Murray
Resolution	publisher	Putnam Adult
Paradigm	publisher	Two Irish Guys Press
Paradigm	publisher	Image Comics
The Mandelbaum Gate	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Mandelbaum Gate	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Mecho Wars	publisher	Oyaji Games
Mecho Wars	publisher	Creat Studios
Ur	publisher	Amazon.com
International Journal of Obesity	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
UmJammer Lammy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Invincible Tiger: The Legend of Han Tao	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
PaRappa the Rapper	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Spirit of the Sun	publisher	Shogakukan
Police Quest: SWAT	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
SWAT: Global Strike Team	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Expert Opinion on Pharmacotherapy	publisher	Informa
La Brière	publisher	Butterworth
Sundown	publisher	Ubisoft
Gone, But Not Forgotten	publisher	Doubleday
Chikkun Takkun	publisher	Gakken
The Unreals	publisher	StoneGarden.net Publishing
The Burning Wild Man	publisher	Shueisha
F	publisher	Shogakukan
F	publisher	Shueisha
Meltdown	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Woman with Birthmark	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Moeyo Pen	publisher	Takeshobo
Moeyo Pen	publisher	Shogakukan
And-Kensaku	publisher	Nintendo
Sengoku Strays	publisher	Square Enix
Marude Dameo	publisher	Kodansha
XXXombies	publisher	Image Comics
Tasuke, the Samurai Cop	publisher	Shogakukan
Guitar Hero Smash Hits	publisher	Activision
Ascent	publisher	Concordia College
Keshikasu-kun	publisher	Shogakukan
Mister Ajikko	publisher	Kodansha
Bengoshi no Kuzu	publisher	Shogakukan
The FASEB Journal	publisher	Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology
The Bandit of Hell's Bend	publisher	A. C. McClurg
The Adventures of Maddog Williams in the Dungeons of Duridian	publisher	Game Crafters
Piercing	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Expert Opinion on Biological Therapy	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Nordy Bank	publisher	Oxford University Press
Expert Opinion on Therapeutic Patents	publisher	Informa
Cross Country USA	publisher	Didatech
Morality	publisher	Esquire, Cemetery Dance, Charles Scribner's Sons
Tufts Historical Review	publisher	Puritan Press
Green Arrow and Black Canary	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Occupational Health Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Aventura	publisher	Kodansha
Killer Gorilla	publisher	Micro Power
Minister Jade	publisher	Cellar Door Publishing
Work & Stress	publisher	Taylor & Francis in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology
Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Iraqi Journal of Physics	publisher	College of Science
Silent Thunder: Breaking Through Cultural, Racial, and Class Barriers in Motorsports	publisher	The Red Sea Press
Grand Slam Tennis	publisher	Electronic Arts
Monopoly: The Mega Edition	publisher	Winning Moves
Crackdown 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces	publisher	American Chemical Society
Bridge of Clay	publisher	Doubleday
Nuclear Jellyfish	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Nuclear Jellyfish	publisher	HarperCollins
Aki Sora	publisher	Akita Shoten
Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure	publisher	Electronic Arts
Disappearance Diary	publisher	East Press
Gods Behaving Badly	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Betrayal	publisher	Pocket Books
G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra	publisher	Electronic Arts
Booster Gold	publisher	DC Comics
BMC Genomics	publisher	BioMed Central
BMC Evolutionary Biology	publisher	BioMed Central
BMC Endocrine Disorders	publisher	BioMed Central
BMC Medicine	publisher	BioMed Central
The Whole Story and Other Stories	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
NBA Jam 2002	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Psychosomatic Medicine	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Psychosomatic Society
Jane's All the World's Aircraft	publisher	Jane's Information Group
Ayana	publisher	Drue Heinz
Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi	publisher	Richard Bentley; London
Grind Stormer	publisher	Tengen
F1 Championship Season 2000	publisher	EA Sports, Feral Interactive
Naked Came the Phoenix	publisher	Minotaur Books
Torikaebaya Monogatari	publisher	various
Prototypes: The History of the IMSA GTP Series	publisher	David Bull Publishing
Trials	publisher	BioMed Central
Kaze no Hana	publisher	MediaWorks
Music & Letters	publisher	Oxford University Press
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny	publisher	Marvel Comics
Art History	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association of Art Historians
The Perfect Mile	publisher	Mariner Books
Legends of the Dark King	publisher	Shinchosha
Arts & Letters	publisher	Georgia College & State University
Australian Family Physician	publisher	Royal Australian College of General Practitioners
Beneath the Surface	publisher	Hodder Children's Books Australia
Sonnanja neyo	publisher	Shogakukan
We Think, Therefore We Are	publisher	DAW Books
Marquette Law Review	publisher	Marquette University Law School
Musō Tōrō	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
The Trouble with Normal	publisher	Free Press
The Prophet Murders	publisher	Serpent's Tail
Star Wars: Darth Bane: Dynasty of Evil	publisher	Del Rey Books
Joust	publisher	Nintendo
Yumekui Kenbun	publisher	Square Enix
The River Why	publisher	Sierra Club Books
Bambino!	publisher	Shogakukan
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Parker Brothers
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Epyx
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Virgin Interactive
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Taxan
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Capcom
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Konami
List of G.I. Joe video games	publisher	Electronic Arts
Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi!	publisher	Shueisha
The Tale of the Unknown Island	publisher	Assirio & Alvim
The Tale of the Unknown Island	publisher	The Harvill Press
The Tale of the Unknown Island	publisher	Harcourt Brace
3 on 3 NHL Arcade	publisher	EA Sports
Thou Art That	publisher	New World Library
Angelology	publisher	Viking Press
Love and Responsibility	publisher	William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd., London and Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Inc., New York City
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space	publisher	Alfred van der Mark
The Flight of the Wild Gander	publisher	New World Library
The Clique: Diss and Make-Up	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Ganbare Goemon Pachisuro	publisher	Konami
The Curry Mile	publisher	Suitcase Press
Someone Named Eva	publisher	Clarion Books
Adams Synchronological Chart or Map of History	publisher	Strobridge & Company, Cincinnati, OH
Cobra Command	publisher	Data East
Fragile Eternity	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of Harper Collins
Doors of Chaos	publisher	SoftBank Creative
Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha	publisher	Usha Wagh
Dead Space: Extraction	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog	publisher	Tundra Books
Korogashi Puzzle Katamari Damacy	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
NecroVisioN	publisher	1
NecroVisioN	publisher	505
NecroVisioN	publisher	Aspyr Media
Mr. Driller W	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Faith & Family	publisher	Bayard, Inc.
B.P.R.D.: Hollow Earth and Other Stories	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Faithful Spy	publisher	Random House
The Silent Man	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons dba Penguin Group
The Ghost War	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Keiji	publisher	Shueisha
Keiji	publisher	Shinchosha
Keiji	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Hellboy: The Right Hand of Doom	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Harvard Girl	publisher	Writers Publishing House
Elementalors	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Haridama Magic Cram School	publisher	Kodansha
Himitsu – Top Secret	publisher	Hakusensha
The Two Sisters	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Two Sisters	publisher	Viking Press
Journal of Medical Ethics	publisher	BMJ Group
Nine Dragons	publisher	Little Brown
Hellboy: Weird Tales	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Chemistry of Materials	publisher	American Chemical Society
Other People	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Our Gods Wear Spandex	publisher	Red Wheel Weiser Conari
The Golden Age of Science Fiction	publisher	Hutchinson
Neozoic	publisher	Red 5 Comics
Oxford University Commonwealth Law Journal	publisher	Taylor and Francis
International Journal for Numerical Methods in Fluids	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse	publisher	Signet Books
Code	publisher	Nintendo
Aquia	publisher	Nintendo
Nemrem	publisher	Nintendo
American Book Review	publisher	Jeffrey R. Di Leo
Kagome Kagome	publisher	Shueisha
Kubos	publisher	Nintendo
Boxlife	publisher	Nintendo
My Life	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
My Life	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Dead to the World	publisher	Ace Books
Earth Defense	publisher	Realtec
Master of the Skies: The Red Ace	publisher	Small Rockets
Indian Summer	publisher	MediaWorks
Iron Wok Jan	publisher	Akita Shoten
Junk Force	publisher	MediaWorks
Junk Force	publisher	Media Factory
Seventeen	publisher	Shueisha
The Changeover	publisher	J. M. Dent & Sons
Cavelord	publisher	Axis Komputerkunst
Border Break	publisher	Sega
The Dressmaker	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
The Dressmaker	publisher	George Braziller
Scotland's Story	publisher	Thomas Nelson and Sons Ltd.
Sora no Manimani	publisher	Kodansha
Kyūkyoku Chōjin R	publisher	Shogakukan
Hellboy Junior	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Progress of Theoretical and Experimental Physics	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Physical Society of Japan
Gold	publisher	Canongate Books
The Linacre Quarterly	publisher	Maney Publishing on behalf of the Catholic Medical Association
The Collector Collector	publisher	Secker & Warburg
The Collector Collector	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Governance	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the IPSA Structure and Organization of Government Committee
Jabberwock Review	publisher	Mississippi State University
Questions of Truth	publisher	Westminster John Knox
USAAF Mustang	publisher	UPL
USAAF Mustang	publisher	Taito
The Dead and the Gone	publisher	Harcourt Children's Books
B.P.R.D.: The Soul of Venice and Other Stories	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Drood	publisher	Little, Brown and Company , Quercus
Muse of Fire	publisher	Subterranean Press
Commander Keen in Keen Dreams	publisher	Softdisk Publishing
Commander Keen in Keen Dreams	publisher	Super Fighter Team
Commander Keen in Keen Dreams	publisher	Hard Disk Publishing
Commander Keen	publisher	Activision
Petpet Park	publisher	Nickelodeon Kids & Family Virtual Worlds Group
Petpet Park	publisher	Viacom
Subtropics	publisher	University of Florida
Knights of the Sky	publisher	MicroProse
Millions	publisher	*
Millions	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Millions	publisher	HarperCollins
Starman	publisher	DC Comics
Starman	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Germs: Biological Weapons and America's Secret War	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Clown	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
Luckypenny	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Georgetown Environmental Law Review	publisher	Georgetown University Law Center
The Fair Bride	publisher	Constable
The Fair Bride	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Stooping Venus	publisher	E. P. Dutton & Company
The Cameron Files: Pharaoh's Curse	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Cameron Files: Pharaoh's Curse	publisher	The Adventure Company
Keyhole	publisher	Millennium Publications
Keyhole	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Terminal World	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Terminal World	publisher	Ace Books
Gimmick!	publisher	Shueisha
Aquatic Botany	publisher	Elsevier
Hellboy: Strange Places	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Rock Band Unplugged	publisher	MTV
Rock Band Unplugged	publisher	Electronic Arts
Four Eyes	publisher	Image Comics
Numen	publisher	Brill Publishers
MotorStorm: Arctic Edge	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hellboy: The Troll Witch and Others	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
ESV Study Bible	publisher	Crossway Bibles; 1ST edition
Mothstorm	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Psychology of Aesthetics, Creativity, and the Arts	publisher	American Psychological Association
Profiles in Folly	publisher	Sterling Publishing
The Legend of Mother Sarah	publisher	Kodansha
Liling-Po	publisher	Shinshokan
999	publisher	Avon Books , Perennial
Parliamentary Affairs	publisher	Oxford University Press for the Hansard Society
Girl in May	publisher	Constable & Co.
Girl in May	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Children of This Earth	publisher	The Macaulay Co
Urban the Ninth	publisher	Constable & Co.
The Divided Lady	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Divided Lady	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Father Hilary's Holiday	publisher	Constable & Co.
Father Hilary's Holiday	publisher	Doubleday
Thoughts of My Cats	publisher	Constable & Co.
Thoughts of My Cats	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
To Every Man a Penny	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
To Every Man a Penny	publisher	Constable
Charlie Brown's Super Book of Questions and Answers	publisher	Random House Children's Books
The Dark Horse Book of...	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Judas Goat	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Crazy Chase	publisher	Philips
Crazy Chase	publisher	Magnavox
ACS Nano	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Spook Who Sat by the Door	publisher	London, UK: Allison & Busby; New York: USA: Richard W. Baron Publishing Co.
Philadelphia Style	publisher	Niche Media
Contract with the World	publisher	Harcourt Brace
The Three Stooges	publisher	Gottlieb
Undefined Fantastic Object	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
All About Lulu	publisher	Soft Skull Press
Make Love & Peace	publisher	Ohzora Shuppan
Gorgon	publisher	Sirius Software
The Sport of the Gods	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Ninpen Manmaru	publisher	Enix
Battery	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Geoff Ryman bibliography	publisher	Grafton
Geoff Ryman bibliography	publisher	Unwin Hyman
Geoff Ryman bibliography	publisher	Harper Collins
Geoff Ryman bibliography	publisher	first published as hypertext fiction on ryman-novel.com
When Dogs Cry	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia
Foreign Land	publisher	Pan Books
Insurgency: Modern Infantry Combat	publisher	New World Interactive
Bold as Love	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Mojacko	publisher	Kodansha
Mojacko	publisher	Shogakukan
America, Empire of Liberty	publisher	Allen Lane
Onihime VS	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Here I Stand	publisher	Othello Associates
Bioconjugate Chemistry	publisher	American Chemical Society
Biomacromolecules	publisher	American Chemical Society
Human Rights Review	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Excitebots: Trick Racing	publisher	Nintendo
All the Colours of Darkness	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Fancy Pants Adventures	publisher	Armor Games( )
Fancy Pants Adventures	publisher	Kongregate( )
Fancy Pants Adventures	publisher	EA 2D( )
Fancy Pants Adventures	publisher	Chillingo( )
Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Crossed	publisher	Avatar Press
New Perspectives on Political Economy	publisher	Published in cooperation with Liberální Institut and The Faculty of Economics and Public Administration, University of Economics, Prague.
Theta	publisher	Nintendo
Monkey High!	publisher	Shogakukan
Monokuro Kinderbook	publisher	Seirindo
Minima!	publisher	Kodansha
The Humbling	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Hellboy	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Chemical Research in Toxicology	publisher	American Chemical Society
Crystal Growth & Design	publisher	American Chemical Society
Energy & Fuels	publisher	American Chemical Society
Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry	publisher	American Chemical Society
Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data	publisher	American Chemical Society
Uncle Robin, in His Cabin in Virginia, and Tom Without One in Boston	publisher	J.W. Randolph Publishers
Omen	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dance Dance Revolution S	publisher	Konami
B.P.R.D.: Plague of Frogs	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Hellboy Christmas Special	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Stone Giant	publisher	Ace Books
Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation	publisher	American Chemical Society
Perl Best Practices	publisher	O'Reilly Media
The Running Man	publisher	Omnibus Books
Air Assault Task Force	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Magician's Quest: Mysterious Times	publisher	Konami
Capoeira Legends	publisher	Donsoft Entertainment
El Mundo	publisher	Cadena Capriles
Nemesis	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Air Conflicts: Aces of World War II	publisher	Graffiti Entertainment
The Demigod Files	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Dark Tower: The Fall of Gilead	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Journal of Membrane Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Riders	publisher	Originally published by Arlington Books Ltd.
The World Beyond the Hill	publisher	Jeremy P. Tarcher Inc.
Challenge	publisher	Routledge
The Caryatids	publisher	Del Rey Books
Télé 7 Jours	publisher	Hachette Filipacchi Médias
Jokes and Their Relation to the Unconscious	publisher	F. Deuticke
Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy, and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Margin	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Grand Guignol Orchestra	publisher	Hakusensha
Every Spy a Prince	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
WWII Aces	publisher	Destineer
Emotionally Weird	publisher	Doubleday
Emotionally Weird	publisher	Picador
The Bud Brothers Series	publisher	Precious Pages Corporation
The Pale King	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Madden NFL 10	publisher	EA Sports
Dokapon Journey	publisher	Sting Entertainment
Dokapon Journey	publisher	Atlus
Tarry Flynn	publisher	The Pilot Press
Waking the Dead	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A Wealth of Fable	publisher	Fanhistorica Press , SCIFI Press
Ratchet & Clank Future: A Crack in Time	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Pharmacological Society
The End of Education	publisher	Vintage
The Dip	publisher	Penguin Group
The Howling Miller	publisher	WSOY
The Missing Peace	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Slot Racers	publisher	Atari
Expert Opinion on Investigational Drugs	publisher	Informa
Expert Opinion on Therapeutic Targets	publisher	Informa
Xandra no Daibōken: Valkyrie to no Deai	publisher	Namco
The Glory of Walküre	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Glass	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
NCAA Football 10	publisher	Electronic Arts
With Her in Ourland	publisher	Charlton Co.
With Her in Ourland	publisher	Greenwood Publishing Group
Red Eyes	publisher	Kodansha
Bahrain Confidential	publisher	Arabian Magazines
Uwasa no Midori-kun!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Hatsuinu	publisher	Issuisya
Forum Qualitative Social Research	publisher	Institute for Qualitative Research and Center for Digital Systems
Cyborg Kuro-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Little Fur Family	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Green Lantern Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
Something Borrowed	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Tap Tap Revenge 2	publisher	Tapulous
Black Rage	publisher	Basic Books
Manga: The Complete Guide	publisher	Del Rey Books
Flight	publisher	Grove Press
Slaves of the Shinar	publisher	Overlook Press
The Mormon Prophet and His Harem	publisher	Riverside Press
For Lust of Knowing	publisher	Penguin Books
Ceville	publisher	Kalypso Media
NG Life	publisher	Hakusensha
Hérodote	publisher	Institut Français de Géopolitique
Emerald City Confidential	publisher	PlayFirst
J.B. Harold Murder Club	publisher	Riverhillsoft
J.B. Harold Murder Club	publisher	Micro Cabin
J.B. Harold Murder Club	publisher	Brøderbund
J.B. Harold Murder Club	publisher	Hudson Soft
J.B. Harold Murder Club	publisher	FonFun
J.B. Harold Murder Club	publisher	SETA Corporation
Sunday vs Magazine: Shūketsu! Chōjō Daikessen	publisher	Konami
The Skating Rink	publisher	Alcala de Henares
The Skating Rink	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Crime	publisher	Jonathan Cape
City of Ashes	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Everything	publisher	2.13
Saboteur	publisher	Z-Man Games
The Magician's Apprentice	publisher	Orbit Books
The Cave Boy of the Age of Stone	publisher	George G. Harrap & Co. Ltd.
The Cave Boy of the Age of Stone	publisher	D. Appleton and Company
Introduction to Economic Analysis	publisher	Flat World Knowledge
The Lost Train of Thought	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Journal of Natural Products	publisher	American Chemical Society
Journal of Proteome Research	publisher	American Chemical Society
Molecular Pharmaceutics	publisher	American Chemical Society
Nano Letters	publisher	American Chemical Society
Organic Process Research & Development	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Universe Maker	publisher	Ace Books
MLA Style Manual	publisher	Modern Language Association
Macromolecules	publisher	American Chemical Society
Texas Hold'em Tournament	publisher	Digital Leisure
The Sacred Blacksmith	publisher	Media Factory
A Boy and His Blob	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Journal of Neurochemistry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Cross Bones	publisher	William Heinemann London
The Fat Tail: The Power of Political Knowledge for Strategic Investing	publisher	Oxford University Press
League of Legends	publisher	Riot Games
Topless in Philadelphia	publisher	Matador Books
Samurai Legend	publisher	Akita Shoten
French History	publisher	Oxford University Press
Expert Opinion on Medical Diagnostics	publisher	Informa
Expert Opinion on Drug Delivery	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Moonbase	publisher	Mindscape
FIFA Online 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
League Bowling	publisher	SNK Playmore
Architectural History	publisher	SAHGB Publications Ltd
Resident Evil 6	publisher	Capcom
Beach Head 2000	publisher	WizardWorks
Beach Head 2000	publisher	MacSoft
Beach Head 2000	publisher	Infogrames
Why Beauty Is Truth	publisher	Basic Books
The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression	publisher	HarperCollins
Stone	publisher	Kodansha
Steal Moon	publisher	Nihonbungeisha
Taimashin	publisher	Scholar
Taimashin	publisher	Sony Magazines
Taimashin	publisher	Gentosha
Tengai Retrogical	publisher	Mag Garden
Flower of the Deep Sleep	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Telepathic Wanderers	publisher	Kodansha
Testarotho	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Flashgal	publisher	Sega
Mikroglottika	publisher	Peter Lang
Bass Ackwards and Belly Up	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cesare	publisher	Kodansha
Letting Go of Lisa	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers
Loved Ones	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
A Theology of Love	publisher	Beacon Hill Press
Wings	publisher	HarperTeen
Wings	publisher	HarperCollins
Menzoberranzan	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Kamiyadori	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
EWB Baseball	publisher	Eddie Dombrower
Star Trek: Starship Creator Warp II	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Histoire des sciences médicales	publisher	Editions De Médecine Pratique
The Asian Banker Journal	publisher	The Asian Banker
NanoTek Warrior	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Handle with Care	publisher	Atria Books
It's Just a Plant	publisher	Self Published
Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Archives of Disease in Childhood	publisher	BMJ Group
SpongeBob vs. The Big One: Beach Party Cook-Off	publisher	Play THQ
Online Chess Kingdoms	publisher	Konami
Great Olympic Encyclopedia	publisher	Olimpia Press
Gaia's Toys	publisher	Tom Doherty Associates, Inc.
Koe de Oshigoto!	publisher	Wani Books
Bruce Lee Lives	publisher	The Software Toolworks
Tales from the Town of Widows	publisher	Fourth Estate
Antifanaticism: A Tale of the South	publisher	Lippincott, Grambo & Co
I Kill Giants	publisher	Image Comics
Asobi ni Iku yo!	publisher	Media Factory
Worlds of the Federation	publisher	Pocket Books
In Other Rooms, Other Wonders	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Boozer Challenge	publisher	Penguin Group
Harvard Journal on Legislation	publisher	Harvard Law School
Taito Legends Power-Up	publisher	Square Enix
Serious Sam: Next Encounter	publisher	Global Star Software
Overqualified	publisher	ECW Press
Ultra Baseball Jitsumeiban	publisher	Culture Brain
Sway	publisher	Illusion Labs
Asr-e Evaz	publisher	Abd ul Aziz Khezri, Ahmad Khezri and Board of Directors
The Immortals	publisher	Doubleday
Mighty Flip Champs!	publisher	WayForward Technologies
The Graveyard	publisher	Valve Corporation
The Graveyard	publisher	Apple Inc.
Critical Reviews in Microbiology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Tap Tap Revenge	publisher	Tapulous
Unfriendly Fire	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Cutaneous and Ocular Toxicology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Drug and Chemical Toxicology	publisher	Informa
RNA	publisher	Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press  on behalf of the RNA Society
Star Trek DAC	publisher	Paramount Digital Entertainment
Catching Fire	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
A Civil Action	publisher	Random House
Canyons	publisher	Delacorte Press
MLB '98	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Batman: Battle for the Cowl	publisher	DC Comics
Professor Layton and the Last Specter	publisher	Nintendo
Experimental Cell Research	publisher	Elsevier
Menopause	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Molecular and Cellular Biochemistry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Bad for Democracy	publisher	University of Minnesota Press
Second	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Inhalation Toxicology	publisher	Informa
Gingersnaps	publisher	Puffin
Nyan Koi!	publisher	Flex Comix
Nyan Koi!	publisher	Comic Meteor
Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories	publisher	Fourth Estate
Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories	publisher	Villard
M or F%3F	publisher	Penguin
Batman and Robin	publisher	DC Comics
Just David	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Co
Dungeon Siege III	publisher	Square Enix
Slayers Royal 2	publisher	Entertainment Software Publishing
Slayers Royal 2	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Local Fields	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Colour	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Journal of Receptors and Signal Transduction	publisher	Informa
Toxin Reviews	publisher	Informa
The Courier	publisher	European Commission
Army of Two: The 40th Day	publisher	Electronic Arts
Anesthesia & Analgesia	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of Immunotoxicology	publisher	Informa
Toxicology Mechanisms and Methods	publisher	Informa
Immunopharmacology and Immunotoxicology	publisher	Informa
The Naked Civil Servant	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Slap	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Slap	publisher	Penguin
Doraemon	publisher	Hudson Soft
Musashi no Ken – Tadaima Shugyō Chū	publisher	Taito Corporation
Advanced Banter	publisher	Faber and Faber
Truxton II	publisher	Toaplan, Ving
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10	publisher	Electronic Arts
Adventure Island: The Beginning	publisher	Hudson Soft
Widener Law Review	publisher	Widener University School of Law
Oo-Topos	publisher	Polarware
Medical & Biological Engineering & Computing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf  of the International Federation of Medical and Biological Engineering
Hydrogeology Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Materials Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Journal of Fracture	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Typewriter in the Sky	publisher	Gnome Press
Computational Mechanics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Khalil and Majnun	publisher	Salaam Press
Good Bones	publisher	Coach House Books
Tokyo Juliet	publisher	Shogakukan
The Joy of Pregnancy	publisher	The Harvard Common Press
Don't Tell Me the Truth About Love	publisher	Fourth Estate
Inspector Ghote Hunts the Peacock	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Tori Koro	publisher	Hobunsha
Tori Koro	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Tsurikichi Sanpei	publisher	Kodansha
Paths of Glory	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The New Heart of Wisdom	publisher	Tharpa Publications
V.B. Rose	publisher	Hakusensha
Vindictus	publisher	Nexon Co. Ltd.
Vindictus	publisher	TianCity
Vindictus	publisher	Garena
The Scarlet Empire	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Blue Bloods	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Master of Martial Hearts	publisher	Futabasha
JellyCar	publisher	Walaber
JellyCar	publisher	Microsoft
JellyCar	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
JellyCar	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Mr Darwin's Shooter	publisher	Random House Australia
Xenon	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Xenon	publisher	Kodansha
Falling from Grace	publisher	Holiday House
Lego Rock Raiders	publisher	Lego Media
Glubbslyme	publisher	Corgi Yearling
Berlin Embassy	publisher	E.P. Dutton & Co
English Journal	publisher	National Council of Teachers of English
Discrete Mathematics	publisher	North-Holland Publishing Company
Cult and Ritual Abuse	publisher	Greenwood Publishing Group
Player's Option: Combat & Tactics	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Option: Skills & Powers	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dungeon Master Option: High-Level Campaigns	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Great Eight	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Maigret and the Yellow Dog	publisher	Fayard
Halo Wars	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Beelzebub	publisher	Shueisha
Beelzebub	publisher	Shueisha
Café Magazine	publisher	Aller Media AB
Detatoko Princess	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Girl Friend	publisher	Shueisha
Hot Shots Golf 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Broken Anchor	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
A Voice in the Wind	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
An Echo in the Darkness	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Universal Compassion	publisher	Tharpa Publications
The Car	publisher	Harcourt Children's Books
Timoleon Vieta Come Home	publisher	Canongate Books
Battle Frenzy	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Action!	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
NthWORD	publisher	Robert Frigault
Spore: Galactic Adventures	publisher	Electronic Arts
No Two Alike	publisher	W.W. Norton
Cla$$war	publisher	Com.x
Zeni Geba	publisher	Shogakukan
Skiing	publisher	Activision
Ninja Hattori-kun	publisher	Hudson Soft
Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Journal of Enzyme Inhibition and Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	Informa
The Mind of Adolf Hitler	publisher	Basic Books
Business Ethics Quarterly	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Magical Record Lyrical Nanoha Force	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Noctum	publisher	Wicked World Games 1.1 until May 2008
Noctum	publisher	Mongoose Publishing from May 2008
Shifters	publisher	The 3DO Company
My Life at First Try	publisher	Counterpoint Press
Psychic World	publisher	Sega
Whispered Words	publisher	Media Factory
Chains: Lesser Novels and Stories	publisher	Horace Liveright
Amnesia	publisher	Hyperion Books
Lizzie Zipmouth	publisher	Corgi Books
Ai City	publisher	Futabasha
Sweet Blue Flowers	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Treason Keep	publisher	HarperCollins
Harshini	publisher	HarperCollins
Lion of Senet	publisher	HarperCollins
Eye of the Labyrinth	publisher	HarperCollins
The Bush Garden: Essays on the Canadian Imagination	publisher	House of Anansi
Journal of Cardiovascular Translational Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Dr. Brain: Action Reaction	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Barbarian II: The Dungeon of Drax	publisher	Palace Software , Epyx
Cyber Core	publisher	Information Global Service
The Sword Thief	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Arena: Maze of Death	publisher	Sega
Morning and Noon	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Steeltown Rockers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Redline Racer	publisher	Ubisoft
Augustinian Studies	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Fiery Angel	publisher	Scorpion
Loading Mercury with a Pitchfork	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Asti Spumante Code	publisher	Time Warner Books
Crowns of Power	publisher	Rampid Interactive, LLC
Four Steps to Death	publisher	Kids Can Press
Inspector Ghote's First Case	publisher	Allison & Busby
Annual Bulletin	publisher	American Bar Association, via International Print. Co.
Without You	publisher	Simon & Schuster
BattleBlock Theater	publisher	Microsoft Studios
BattleBlock Theater	publisher	The Behemoth
Pictures of Fidelman	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Ancient Near East Monographs	publisher	Society of Biblical Literature
Ancient Near East Monographs	publisher	CEHAO
Scat	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
F*INK	publisher	*
F*INK	publisher	Martin Kean
F*INK	publisher	Caroline McCaw
Burn Zombie Burn	publisher	Doublesix
The Mighty Book of Boosh	publisher	Canongate Books
Superman: World of New Krypton	publisher	DC Comics
Make My Video	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Make My Video	publisher	Sega
Tayutama: Kiss on my Deity	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Cinema of Obsession	publisher	Limelight Editions
Meccania	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Nano Today	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society
Samtiden	publisher	Aschehoug
Do Good Design	publisher	Pearson Education
Do Good Design	publisher	Peachpit Press
Mummy Laid an Egg	publisher	Red Fox
The Modern Amazons	publisher	Limelight Editions
Pocket God	publisher	iOS
Pocket God	publisher	Bolt Creative
Pocket God	publisher	Android
Pocket God	publisher	Windows Phone
Pocket God	publisher	Ngmoco
Pocket God	publisher	Facebook
Pocket God	publisher	Frima studio
Elephant Run	publisher	Hyperion Books
Barbie: Groom and Glam Pups	publisher	THQ
Barbie: Groom and Glam Pups	publisher	Little Orbit
The Three-Eyed One	publisher	Kodansha
AFL Premiership 2007	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Golos Truda	publisher	Union of Russian Workers
Golos Truda	publisher	Anarcho-Syndicalist Propaganda Union / Golos Truda group
AFL Premiership 2006	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
AFL Premiership 2005	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Wordsworth Circle	publisher	Editorial Institute
Romanticism	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
What Becomes of the Broken Hearted%3F	publisher	Vintage
The Concubine's Children	publisher	Penguin Books
Superstitious	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Wikipedia Revolution	publisher	Hyperion
The Wikipedia Revolution	publisher	Aurum Press
Ending Aging	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Historical Atlas of World Mythology	publisher	Alfred van der Marck, Harper and Row
Torch of Freedom	publisher	Baen Books
Treating Survivors of Satanist Abuse	publisher	Routledge
The Cleft	publisher	HarperCollins
Bloody Fun Day	publisher	Kongregate
Grey's Anatomy: The Video Game	publisher	Ubisoft
The Joy of Gay Sex	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Žurnal24	publisher	Styria Media Group
Shadow's Edge	publisher	Orbit Books
The Atlantis Prophecy	publisher	Pocket Books
Raising Atlantis	publisher	Pocket Books
Arcade Smash Hits	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Tempted	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Might and Magic Mobile II	publisher	Gameloft
Historical Journal of Film, Radio and Television	publisher	Routledge
Acorna's Rebels	publisher	Harper
Gay Comix	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Gay Comix	publisher	Bob Ross
British Journal of Aesthetics	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Path	publisher	Tale of Tales
The Path	publisher	TransGaming Technologies
The Path	publisher	TopWare
The Path	publisher	1
The Path	publisher	Zoo Corporation
The Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society for Aesthetics
Journal of Wildlife Management	publisher	The Wildlife Society
IL-2 Sturmovik: Birds of Prey	publisher	'''PlayStation 3, Xbox 360
IL-2 Sturmovik: Birds of Prey	publisher	Microsoft Windows'''
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier	publisher	Ubisoft
Syn og Segn	publisher	Det Norske Samlaget
With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War	publisher	Blackie and Son Ltd., London
Patriots	publisher	Ulysses Press
Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1	publisher	Wildside Press
Star Wars: Battlefront	publisher	LucasArts
Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics & Informatics, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
Puyo Puyo 7	publisher	Sega
R.U.S.E.	publisher	Ubisoft
Hunted	publisher	St. Martin's
Estuaries and Coasts	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Underneath	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
Generation A	publisher	Random House Canada
The Psychoanalytic Study of the Child	publisher	Yale University Press
The International Journal of Psychoanalysis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks	publisher	Nintendo
The Atlas of Creation	publisher	Global Yayıncılık
Bowling Green Studies in Applied Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Air and Angels	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson
Thorn Castle	publisher	Omnibus Books
The Early Long	publisher	Doubleday
Herpetological Monographs	publisher	Herpetologists' League
Romiette and Julio	publisher	Simon Pulse
Puyo Puyo BOX	publisher	Compile
Coca-Cola Kid	publisher	Sega
Elven Legacy	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Daughter of Venice	publisher	Random House Inc.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: My Life as a Darklord	publisher	Square Enix
British Journal of Ophthalmology	publisher	BMJ Publishing Group
Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases	publisher	BMJ Group
British Journal of Sports Medicine	publisher	BMJ Group
Evidence-Based Mental Health	publisher	BMJ Group
Radical Philosophy Review	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Sexually Transmitted Infections	publisher	BMJ Group
Signifying Rappers	publisher	Ecco Press
Injury Prevention	publisher	BMJ Publishing Group
Occupational and Environmental Medicine	publisher	BMJ Group
Acupuncture in Medicine	publisher	BMJ Group
Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health	publisher	BMJ Group
Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life	publisher	HarperCollins
Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life	publisher	Canongate Books
The New Meditation Handbook	publisher	Tharpa Publications
Close to Home	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Grange at High Force	publisher	Oxford University Press
Beyond the Grave	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
World Series Baseball '95	publisher	Sega
The Fire Kimono	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Takeover	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Sir Nobonk and the Terrible Dreadful Awful Naughty Nasty Dragon	publisher	Hobbs
Sir Nobonk and the Terrible Dreadful Awful Naughty Nasty Dragon	publisher	Michael Joseph
Annals of Statistics	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Reports and Transactions, Cardiff Naturalists' Society	publisher	Cardiff Naturalists Society
Imperial Ambitions	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Dragonball Evolution	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
An Account of Capers	publisher	Robert Hale and Company
An Account of Capers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Pharmaceutical Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Fantastic Four: Unstable Molecules	publisher	Marvel Comics
Revista del Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental	publisher	Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental Dr. Abraham Rosenvasser, University of Buenos Aires
Does God Play Dice%3F	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Crabgrass Frontier	publisher	Oxford University Press
Pet Club: Inu Daisuki!	publisher	Sega
Cops 'n' Robbers	publisher	Atlantis Software
The Muppet Show	publisher	Boom! Studios
The Muppet Show	publisher	Disney Publishing Worldwide
The Muppet Show	publisher	Marvel Comics
Pandaemonium	publisher	Little Brown
The Tyrant Falls in Love	publisher	Kaiōsha
Lake Effect	publisher	Penn State Erie, The Behrend College
Dalhousie Journal of Legal Studies	publisher	Schulich School of Law
Dance Chronicle	publisher	Routledge
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010	publisher	THQ
Age of Pirates 2: City of Abandoned Ships	publisher	Playlogic
Up from Dragons	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Those Who Love	publisher	Doubleday
The Sensuous Man	publisher	Lyle Stuart
Suburbia Highschool	publisher	Delfinium Prints
Miles to Go	publisher	Hyperion Books
Katamari Forever	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
White Acre vs. Black Acre	publisher	J.W. Randolph Publishers
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary	publisher	Shadow Mountain
1869	publisher	Max Design
Cortex System	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions
Midnight	publisher	Doubleday
Dirty Weekend	publisher	Macmillan, London
Dirty Weekend	publisher	Donald I. Fine, New York
Life at the South; or, %22Uncle Tom's Cabin%22 as It Is	publisher	Geoffrey H. Derby & Co.
Bonsai Barber	publisher	Nintendo
The North and the South; or, Slavery and Its Contrasts	publisher	Crissy & Markley
The Real Cool Killers	publisher	Avon
SingStar ABBA	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Military Madness: Nectaris	publisher	Hudson Soft
In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Animal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Plant	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Chocolate Castle	publisher	Lexaloffle
Hush: An Irish Princess' Tale	publisher	Atheneum
The New Policeman	publisher	The Bodley Head
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash: The Nightmare Warriors	publisher	Wildstorm
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash: The Nightmare Warriors	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
New Zealand Law Reports	publisher	LexisNexis New Zealand Ltd., a division of LexisNexis
Cancer Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Japanese Cancer Association
Chemico-Biological Interactions	publisher	Elsevier
House of Tarot	publisher	Sega
City of Glass	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Frank Freeman's Barber Shop	publisher	Charles Scribner Publishers
The Old Boys' Network	publisher	Short Books
Nemesis	publisher	Minotaur Books
The Greenhouse	publisher	Collins Harvill
Daffy Duck for President	publisher	Warner Bros. Worldwide Publishing
Dear Nobody	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Legend of Deathwalker	publisher	Bantam Books
Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!	publisher	Akita Shoten
Astro Tripper	publisher	PomPom Games
Jack and Jill: A Village Story	publisher	Roberts Brothers
Murder on the Mississippi	publisher	Activision
Murder on the Mississippi	publisher	Jaleco
Ironclads: High Seas	publisher	Totem Games
The Lace Reader	publisher	HarperCollins
The Haunted Woman	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
The Devil's Secret	publisher	Libre Publishing
Biological Procedures Online	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Puyo Pop	publisher	Sega
The Mum Minder	publisher	Doubleday
Injury Time	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Injury Time	publisher	George Braziller
Girl's Garden	publisher	Sega
The Moon and the Sandals	publisher	Houbunsha
Shin Nekketsu Kōha: Kunio-tachi no Banka	publisher	Technos Japan Corp.
Tales of VS.	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Shibumi	publisher	Outlet
Marble Saga: Kororinpa	publisher	Hudson Soft
Host Master and the Conquest of Humor	publisher	Double Fine Productions
The Prophet from Ephesus	publisher	Orion Books
When the Birds Fly South	publisher	The Wings Press
The Penguin History of the United States of America	publisher	Penguin Books
Silent Hill: Shattered Memories	publisher	Konami
The Sunken Billions	publisher	Joint publication by the World Bank and the FAO
Help Wanted	publisher	Hudson Soft
Amagami	publisher	Enterbrain
Amagami	publisher	Hakusensha
Amagami	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Amagami	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Super Ultra Baseball 2	publisher	Culture Brain
Annales médico-psychologiques	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Société médico-psychologique
The Woggle-Bug Book	publisher	Reilly & Britton
The Shroud of the Thwacker	publisher	Miramax Books
Into Hot Air	publisher	Weinstein Company
NASCAR Revolution	publisher	EA Sports
NASCAR Revolution	publisher	Electronic Arts
Explodemon	publisher	Curve Studios
Eufloria	publisher	Headup Games
The Cabin and Parlor; or, Slaves and Masters	publisher	T. B. Peterson Ltd.
The Kabocha Wine	publisher	Kodansha
The Kabocha Wine	publisher	Seirindo
The Kabocha Wine	publisher	Akita Shoten
Bomber Aircrew in World War II	publisher	Pen & Sword Aviation
Tenshi no Frypan	publisher	Kodansha
National Library of Wales Journal	publisher	National Library of Wales
The Journal of Welsh Religious History	publisher	University of Wales Press
Learning How to Learn	publisher	Harper & Row
Learning How to Learn	publisher	Penguin Books
Learning How to Learn	publisher	Octagon Press
The Ultimate	publisher	Scholastic Press
Red Moon and Black Mountain	publisher	Allen & Unwin
South Carolina Law Review	publisher	University of South Carolina School of Law
The Flash Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
Killer's Payoff	publisher	Permabooks
Crossroad	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Invention of Everything Else	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Yūkan Club	publisher	Shueisha
The Beacon	publisher	William Beauchamp
La Nazione	publisher	Poligrafici Editoriale
Il Resto del Carlino	publisher	Poligrafici Editoriale
Backlash	publisher	Del Rey Books
Champion Boxing	publisher	Sega
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet	publisher	Ballantine Books
Seito Shokun!	publisher	Kodansha
Seito Shokun!	publisher	Kodansha
Columbia Journal of European Law	publisher	European Legal Studies Center, Columbia Law School
Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Hi Izuru Tokoro no Tenshi	publisher	Hakusensha
Heroes of Tobruk	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Showa: A History of Japan	publisher	Kodansha
Shura no Mon	publisher	Kodansha
Ichigenme... The First Class is Civil Law	publisher	Biblos
Toy Story Mania!	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Toy Story Mania!	publisher	Activision
Beyond Protocol	publisher	Dark Sky Entertainment
The Left Hand of the Electron	publisher	Doubleday
Graceling	publisher	Harcourt
The Green Felt Jungle	publisher	Trident Press
The Black Circle	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Got the Life	publisher	William Morrow
The Suburban	publisher	Michael Sochaczevski
Womenomics	publisher	Harper Collins
Ford County	publisher	Doubleday
Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism	publisher	Hudson & Goodwin
Rabbids Go Home	publisher	Ubisoft
Kindling	publisher	Tor Books
Where the Streets Had a Name	publisher	Pan Macmillan Australia Pty Ltd
The Rugrats Movie	publisher	THQ
Skulduggery Pleasant: The Faceless Ones	publisher	HarperCollins
Night Train to Lisbon	publisher	Carl Hanser Verlag
The Lofty and the Lowly, or Good in All and None All Good	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Cancer Prevention Research	publisher	American Association for Cancer Research
Merlin's Ring	publisher	Ballantine Books
The London Eye Mystery	publisher	David Fickling Books
The Modern Home Physician	publisher	Wm. H. Wise & Company
True Singapore Ghost Stories	publisher	Angsana Books, Flame Of The Forest Publishing
Super Cauldron	publisher	Titus Software
Slake's Limbo	publisher	Atheneum Books
'Splosion Man	publisher	Microsoft Games Studios
Mr. Frank, the Underground Mail-Agent	publisher	Lippincott, Grambo & Co
Irredeemable	publisher	Boom! Studios
Are U 4 Real%3F	publisher	Penguin Group
Water Warfare	publisher	Hudson Soft
Inside the Whale and Other Essays	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Biznes Segodnya	publisher	Grigoriy Demidovtsev
Killing Zone	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Killing Zone	publisher	Naxat Soft
The American Democrat	publisher	H. & E. Phinney
Little House on the Prairie	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Redcap	publisher	Severn House Publishers
The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy	publisher	Pillar of Fire Church
Incredibots	publisher	Grubby Games
AFL Live	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
The Productions of Time	publisher	Signet Books
The Coachman Rat	publisher	Baen Books
Journal of Formalized Reasoning	publisher	University of Bologna
Green Grass, Running Water	publisher	--03-04
Dead Space 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Annual Review of Sex Research	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality
Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Drifting Net Cafe	publisher	Futabasha
Klansmen: Guardians of Liberty	publisher	Pillar of Fire Church
Pro Evolution Soccer 2010	publisher	Konami
Assegai	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Living Reviews in Relativity	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Philosophical Quarterly	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Living Reviews in Solar Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Bribery, Corruption Also	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Cyclecraft	publisher	Unwin Paperbacks
Into the Slave Nebula	publisher	Lancer Books
The Twelve Kingdoms: Skies of Dawn	publisher	Kodansha
Iron & Blood: Warriors of Ravenloft	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Ordered to Die	publisher	Greenwood Publishing
Obsession	publisher	Ballantine Books
Therapy	publisher	Ballantine Books
Rage	publisher	Ballantine Books
Definitely Dead	publisher	Penguin Group
Bones	publisher	Ballantine Books
Makai Wars	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Hurry Down Sunshine	publisher	Other Press
Dead as a Doornail	publisher	Ace Books
Archie's TV Laugh-Out	publisher	Archie Comics
Timestorm 2009–2099	publisher	Marvel Comics
Brighty of the Grand Canyon	publisher	Rand McNally
Brighty of the Grand Canyon	publisher	Aladdin
Wolverine: Weapon X	publisher	Marvel Comics
Wake	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ragnagard	publisher	Saurus
Ragnagard	publisher	SNK
Die Anarchisten	publisher	Karl Friedrich Henckell
Journal of Qur'anic Studies	publisher	Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Centre for Islamic Studies at the School of Oriental and African Studies.
Painkiller: Resurrection	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Knowing How to Know	publisher	Octagon Press
Resonance of Fate	publisher	Sega
University of Western Sydney Law Review	publisher	Western Sydney University School of Law
Sydney Law Review	publisher	Law Book Co and Sydney Law School
The Observers	publisher	Tom Doherty
The Servants	publisher	HarperCollins
All Together Dead	publisher	Ace Books
Machinarium	publisher	Amanita Design
From Dead to Worse	publisher	Ace Books
Dead and Gone	publisher	Ace Books
Cornucopia	publisher	Berrin Torolsan
Ninja: Shadow of Darkness	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Ignition City	publisher	Avatar Press
Black Prophecy	publisher	Gamigo AG
The Gathering Storm	publisher	Tor Books
The Gathering Storm	publisher	Orbit Books
Dungeon Hero	publisher	Gamecock Media Group
Death Duel	publisher	Punk Development
Year's Best SF 14	publisher	HarperCollins
Assassin's Creed II	publisher	Ubisoft
Uzu Keobukseon	publisher	Samsung
The Missing Gospels	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Giants, Monsters & Dragons	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Evil Empire: 101 Ways That England Ruined the World	publisher	Quirk Books
Journal of Advanced Nursing	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Story of Colors	publisher	Cinco Puntos Press
The Unknown War	publisher	Navuka i Tehnika
Tōkidenshō Angel Eyes	publisher	Tecmo
Baka and Test	publisher	Enterbrain
Baka and Test	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pirate Latitudes	publisher	HarperCollins
Super Star Force: Jikūreki no Himitsu	publisher	Tecmo
Robbo	publisher	LK Avalon
Robbo	publisher	Epic MegaGames
Final Star Force	publisher	Tecmo
Marvel Divas	publisher	Marvel Comics
American Mineralogist	publisher	Mineralogical Society of America
Synthetic Communications	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Dispatches	publisher	Simba Gill
We Interrupt This Broadcast	publisher	Sourcebooks
Tale of the Toa	publisher	Scholastic Paperbacks
Rin-ne	publisher	Shogakukan
The White Giraffe	publisher	Orion Children's Books
Water Research	publisher	Elsevier
Heterocycles	publisher	The Japan Institute of Heterocyclic Chemistry
Current Organic Chemistry	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
And Then There Was No One	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Great Wall of Mexico	publisher	Harper & Row
Bad Moon Rising: An Anthology of Political Forebodings	publisher	Harper & Row
Mixed Messages	publisher	Activision
Hellboy: Darkness Calls	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Seeker After Truth	publisher	Octagon Press
The Saxon Shore	publisher	Viking Canada
Acta Zoologica Academiae Scientiarum Hungaricae	publisher	Hungarian Natural History Museum and the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Archie Giant Series	publisher	Archie Comics
Zombie Massacre	publisher	Epic Marketing
Droplitz	publisher	Atlus
Trouble Shooter	publisher	Vic Tokai
Head Buster	publisher	Masaya
The Cat Who Came for Christmas	publisher	Little Brown & Co
Charisma	publisher	Stephen Strang/Charisma Media
Solanin	publisher	Shogakukan
Welcome to the Jungle	publisher	Del Rey Books
Welcome to the Jungle	publisher	Dabel Brothers Publishing
Don't Say Anymore, Darling	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Love Pistols	publisher	Biblos
Love Pistols	publisher	Libre Publishing
Four Quartets	publisher	Harcourt
Solfege	publisher	Hakusensha
Solfege	publisher	Houbunsha
Ōoku: The Inner Chambers	publisher	Hakusensha
Philosophical Writings	publisher	Durham University
'76	publisher	Image Comics
Hussein, An Entertainment	publisher	Oxford University Press
Exalted	publisher	UDON
Montezuma's Ferrari	publisher	1999
Journal of Applied Economics	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Universidad del CEMA
What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815–1848	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Race Beat	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A Nation under Our Feet	publisher	Belknap Press
An Army at Dawn	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Freedom from Fear: The American People in Depression and War, 1929–1945	publisher	Oxford University Press
Al Khaleej	publisher	Dar Al Khaleej
All Rounder Meguru	publisher	Kodansha
The Hunter	publisher	Emote Games
The Hunter	publisher	Expansive Worlds
The Hunter	publisher	Avalanche Studios
Journal of Medical Economics	publisher	Informa
River God	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Order of War	publisher	Square Enix
An Excellent Mystery	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Seance	publisher	Random House
Dark Side of the Morgue	publisher	Leisure Books
The Suicide Collectors	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Garden Dreams	publisher	Shinshokan
Bravo Two Zero	publisher	Bantam Press
Zen Pinball	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment , Zen Studios
DT Carnage	publisher	Agetec
The One That Got Away	publisher	Century
Lovers in the Night	publisher	Biblos
Lovers in the Night	publisher	Libre Publishing
Truly Kindly	publisher	Biblos
SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Fireteam Bravo 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Prodigal Summer	publisher	Perennial HarperCollins
Jewels	publisher	Delacorte Press
Abasebenzi	publisher	University of Cape Town, Wages Commission, Student's Representative Council
Acta Germanica	publisher	Peter Lang Publishing Group on behalf of Germanistenverband im Südlichen Afrika
Not Since Carrie	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin; 1st Pbk. Ed edition
Marquette Sports Law Review	publisher	Marquette University Law School
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Slayer	publisher	Strategic Designs
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Slayer	publisher	T&E Soft
Unwind	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Clinical Pathology	publisher	BMJ Group
Shizukanaru Don – Yakuza Side Story	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
GodHand Teru	publisher	Kodansha
And a Star to Steer Her By	publisher	Street & Smith
Last Duel	publisher	Capcom
Gangstar 2: Kings of L.A.	publisher	Gameloft
Warhammer: Battle for Atluma	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Cthulhu's Dark Cults	publisher	Chaosium
The Dermis Probe	publisher	Octagon Press
No Thanks!	publisher	Amigo Spiele
International Journal of Bank Marketing	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
The Eternity Artifact	publisher	Tor Books
Perquackey	publisher	Cardinal Games
Perquackey	publisher	Long Island City, NY
Mascot Madness!	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Pencil of Doom!	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many	publisher	Odonian Press
The Master: An Adventure Story	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Master: An Adventure Story	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Warhammer 40,000: Glory in Death	publisher	THQ
Star Wars: Jedi Arena	publisher	Parker Brothers
The Grifters	publisher	Regency Books
Star Voyager	publisher	Imagic
Two Lives	publisher	Viking Press
Dexter Is Delicious	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Fallout: New Vegas	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Olive Kitteridge	publisher	Random House
Dr. Mario Express	publisher	Nintendo
Fortunate Son	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Sag Harbor	publisher	Doubleday
Sag Harbor	publisher	Anchor Books
Genesis	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Leaf Trombone: World Stage	publisher	Smule
Turbo Duck	publisher	Strawdog Studios
Raycatcher	publisher	Thinking Studios
Blades of Vengeance	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Enemy	publisher	Puffin Books
The Enemy	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier	publisher	Puffin Books
The Hundred Tales of Wisdom	publisher	Octagon Press
Don't Care High	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
The Pollyanna Principles	publisher	a Renaissance Press
Boys' Ranch	publisher	Harvey Comics
1635: The Dreeson Incident	publisher	Baen Books
Neuroinformatics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Physiology & Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Monk's Hood	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Witness	publisher	Black Mountain Institute
Witness	publisher	University of Nevada, Las Vegas
A Push and a Shove	publisher	Alyson Books
Inspector Ghote Goes by Train	publisher	Doubleday
Marionette Generation	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
NBA Live 10	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Nebraska Review	publisher	University of Nebraska
Creature of the Night	publisher	Bodley Head
The Years of Extermination	publisher	HarperCollins
Twilight	publisher	Avon Books
Mobile Suit Gundam École du Ciel	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Merchants' War	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
F1 2010	publisher	Codemasters
Cape Coral Barometer	publisher	Eric Taubert
MySims Agents	publisher	Electronic Arts
Handes Amsorya	publisher	Mechitarists
Slavery by Another Name	publisher	Anchor Books
Driven to Distraction	publisher	Pantheon Books
Cartridges of the World	publisher	Gun Digest Books
Orosa-Nakpil, Malate	publisher	Louie Mar's Publications
The World of Cars Online	publisher	The Walt Disney Company
Genji Monogatari	publisher	Shogakukan
Viking	publisher	Image Comics
Bulletin of Engineering Geology and the Environment	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International Association of Engineering Geology and the Environment
Guitar Hero: Van Halen	publisher	Activision
Reign in Hell	publisher	DC Comics
Ikigami: The Ultimate Limit	publisher	Shogakukan
Modern Healthcare	publisher	Fawn Lopez
The Boy Who Taught the Beekeeper to Read	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Mirror of Love	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Emerald Dawn	publisher	DC Comics
Spitting Image	publisher	Domark
Nioh	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Symbiocom	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Nine Inch Nails Revenge	publisher	Tapulous
The Blythes Are Quoted	publisher	Viking Canada
Inspector Ghote Plays a Joker	publisher	Collins Crime Club
Bomberman 2	publisher	Hudson Soft
Vampirates: Black Heart	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bone Black	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Political Repression in Modern America	publisher	University of Illinois Press
The Third World War	publisher	Pan Books
Haunted	publisher	HarperTeen
Solar Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Annual Review of Biophysics	publisher	Annual Reviews
Paleoceanography	publisher	American Geophysical Union
Nuclear Physics	publisher	Elsevier
Breaking the Spell: My Life as a Rajneeshee and the Long Journey Back to Freedom	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association	publisher	BMJ Group
Middle East Critique	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Love, etc	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Love, etc	publisher	Knopf
Die Sprache	publisher	Harrassowitz Verlag
Spellfire	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Guzmán de Alfarache	publisher	Várez de Castro, Madrid ; Pedro Craasbeck, Lisbon
Bloodhound	publisher	Random House
Cornell Paper	publisher	Cornell Modern Indonesia Project
Mommywood	publisher	Simon Spotlight Entertainment
Turbo	publisher	Sega
Airfix Dogfighter	publisher	EON Digital Entertainment
28 Days Later	publisher	BOOM! Studios
American Literature	publisher	Duke University Press and the Modern Literature Association
The New Turkey	publisher	Granta Books
Koolaids: The Art of War	publisher	Picador
The Boys on the Rock	publisher	St Martins Press
The Boys on the Rock	publisher	St Martins Griffin
Incidents	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Choper, Coffee, Gilson	publisher	Aspen Publishers
God Drug	publisher	Marietta Publishing
Dark Heresy	publisher	Black Industries
Dark Heresy	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
The Modular Man	publisher	Bantam Books
Racing Hero	publisher	Sega
Journal of the Southwest	publisher	Southwest Center, University of Arizona
Space Ark	publisher	Strawdog Studios
The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life	publisher	Quercus Publishing
Pet Club: Neko Daisuki!	publisher	Sega
Bad Faith	publisher	Strident Publishing
Eternal Legend	publisher	Sega
Marooned on Mars	publisher	Winston Science Fiction
The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better	publisher	Allen Lane
The Tears of My Soul	publisher	William Morrow and Co.
The Partisan Leader	publisher	Duff Green
Wednesday Comics	publisher	DC Comics
We Cheer 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Glut: Mastering Information Through the Ages	publisher	Joseph Henry Press
My Year of Meats	publisher	Viking Press
Soulcalibur: Broken Destiny	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Killing Floor	publisher	Tripwire Interactive
Dead to Rights: Retribution	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Howling III: Echoes	publisher	Hamlyn
Big Trouble in Little China	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
European Biophysics Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Flick NBA Basketball	publisher	Freeverse
The Troubled Man	publisher	Leopard förlag
Thomas the Rhymer	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Wacky World of Sports	publisher	Sega
Sector 41	publisher	Scimitar Games
Watchmensch	publisher	Brain Scan Studios
Queen Millennia	publisher	Sankei Shimbun
Queen Millennia	publisher	Nishinippon Shimbun
Queen Millennia	publisher	Fusosha Publishing
Queen Millennia	publisher	Shueisha
Queen Millennia	publisher	Bunka Fashion College
The Commanding Self	publisher	Octagon Press
The Last Dickens	publisher	Random House
X-Men Forever	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Lost Fleet: Relentless	publisher	Ace Books
New Man	publisher	Stephen Strang
Silent Hill: The Escape	publisher	Konami
Jake Ransom and the Skull King's Shadow	publisher	Harper Collins
Todd McFarlane's Spawn: The Video Game	publisher	Sony Electronic Publishing
American Journal of Physiology	publisher	American Physiological Society
Journal of the American Geriatrics Society	publisher	Blackwell Science
Clinical and Experimental Pharmacology and Physiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology	publisher	Elsevier
Aliqtisadi	publisher	Abdulsalam Haykal
Shadowfire	publisher	Beyond Software
Zoeken naar Eileen W	publisher	Uitgeverij Knipscheer
ICarly	publisher	Activision
Young Pioneers	publisher	Longmans, Green and Co.
Engaging the Muslim World	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Stronghold Builder's Guidebook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Schuyler's Monster	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Flight Control	publisher	Namco
Sherlock Holmes Versus Jack the Ripper	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
The Village	publisher	Harper & Row
Frogger	publisher	Konami
The Word For Today	publisher	Bob Gass Ministries
The Word For Today	publisher	United Christian Broadcasters
Keep the Giraffe Burning	publisher	Panther Books
Commando: Steel Disaster	publisher	Lexicon Entertainment
Commando: Steel Disaster	publisher	XS Games
The Bigs 2	publisher	2
The Invisible Hook	publisher	Princeton University Press
Defending Australia in the Asia Pacific Century: Force 2030	publisher	Department of Defence
Trash Panic	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Envy: A Luxe Novel	publisher	HarperCollins
Unbowed: A Memoir	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Australasian Journal of Bone & Joint Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
The Islands of Unwisdom	publisher	Doubleday , 1949
The Islands of Unwisdom	publisher	Cassell , 1950
Eighth Grade Bites	publisher	Speak
The Four Seasons of Mary Azarian	publisher	David R Godine
Aurora in Four Voices	publisher	Dell Magazines
Hearts Grown Brutal	publisher	Random House
Cosmic Nitro	publisher	Galcon
Football Tycoon	publisher	Dynamo Sports
Wanting	publisher	Knopf, Australia
Arisa	publisher	Kodansha
Soldiers and Slaves	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Nostalgia 1907	publisher	Brother Kougyou
Nostalgia 1907	publisher	Sur de Wave
Scientia Iranica	publisher	Sharif University of Technology
Nordic Journal of English Studies	publisher	University of Gothenburg
Munchman	publisher	Grandstand
Combinatorica	publisher	Springer for the János Bolyai Mathematical Society
The Exeter Blitz	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Mini-Munchman	publisher	Grandstand
Transformers: The Veiled Threat	publisher	Del Rey Books
Samurai Shodown Anthology	publisher	SNK Playmore
FIFA 10	publisher	EA Sports
The White Rabbit	publisher	Evans Brothers
The White Rabbit	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Mudbound	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill
Mudbound	publisher	HarperCollins
Mudbound	publisher	Heinemann
Penguins & Friends: Hey! That's My Fish!	publisher	Nintendo
Australia in the Korean War 1950–53	publisher	Australian War Memorial and the Australian Government Publishing Service
Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad	publisher	Tripwire Interactive
Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad	publisher	1
World War One	publisher	Ascaron Entertainment
Poet Lore	publisher	Writer's Center
Mei-chan no Shitsuji	publisher	Shueisha
Fairytale Fights	publisher	Playlogic Entertainment
Geoscientific Model Development	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union
Popeye: Beach Volleyball	publisher	Technōs Japan
Organised Sound	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Brain Exercise with Dr. Kawashima	publisher	Namco Bandai
The Peculiar Exploits of Brigadier Ffellowes	publisher	Walker
Inspector Ghote's Good Crusade	publisher	Collins
Vectorman	publisher	Sega
Kung Fu Kid	publisher	Sega
Hoshi wo Sagashite...	publisher	Sega
Only Fade Away	publisher	Constable & Co Ltd
Only Fade Away	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
MLB World Series 2009	publisher	MLB Advanced Media
The Bishop	publisher	Constable & Co.
The Bishop	publisher	Doubleday
IT Manager 3: Unseen Forces	publisher	Intel Corporation
Journey Under the Midnight Sun	publisher	Shueisha
Journey Under the Midnight Sun	publisher	Little, Brown Book Group
AFL Challenge	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
AFL Challenge	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Life with Archie	publisher	Archie comics
Bananagrams	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Court Historian	publisher	The Society for Court Studies
Galaxy Wars	publisher	Taito
Bumper Stars	publisher	Large Animal Games
Everything's Archie	publisher	Archie Comics
Archie's Pals 'n' Gals	publisher	Archie Comics
MLB Dugout Heroes	publisher	GamesCampus
Civil War II	publisher	Marvel Comics
Why Men Marry Bitches	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Biological Inorganic Chemistry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Death Guard	publisher	Hutchinson
Trinity Universe	publisher	Idea Factory
Trinity Universe	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Landscape for a Good Woman	publisher	Rutgers University Press
Molecular Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Bacon: A Love Story	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Época	publisher	Editora Globo
The Street	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
The Seer	publisher	Eos Books
The Key to the Kingdom	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Tell-All	publisher	Doubleday
Contra ReBirth	publisher	Konami
Vancouver 2010	publisher	Sega
Laser & Photonics Reviews	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Expert Opinion on Drug Safety	publisher	Informa
Expert Opinion on Emerging Drugs	publisher	Informa
Nanotoxicology	publisher	Informa
Free Land	publisher	Longmans, Green, and Co.
Dicing Knight Period	publisher	Qute
Journal of the Optical Society of America	publisher	The Optical Society
Island Peril	publisher	Atlantean Interactive Games
Global Times	publisher	People's Daily
Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Seattle Review	publisher	University of Washington
Bejeweled Twist	publisher	PopCap Games
Check the Technique	publisher	Villard Books
Check the Technique	publisher	Random House
Changes	publisher	Roc Books
The Fort at River's Bend	publisher	Viking Press
Octavius	publisher	Various
Three Cards to Midnight	publisher	Big Finish Games
Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics	publisher	Laurence King
Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics	publisher	Harper Design
Behavioural Brain Research	publisher	Elsevier
LocoMania	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
The Butt	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
The Iciest Sin	publisher	Hutchinson
Being Nikki	publisher	Point
Like	publisher	Virago
Like	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Inner Worlds	publisher	Sleepless Software
Spectrobes: Origins	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Rutgers Law Review	publisher	Rutgers School of Law–Newark
Eden*	publisher	Ichijinsha
Sparkling Rain	publisher	New Victoria Publishers, Inc.
Wednesday Is Indigo Blue	publisher	MIT Press
Grace After Midnight	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
The Pinch	publisher	University of Memphis
The Journal of Higher Education	publisher	Ohio State University Press on behalf of the Association for the Study of Higher Education
Dave Barry's History of the Millennium	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
International Journal of Conflict and Violence	publisher	Public Knowledge Project
Gastroenterology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Gastroenterological Association
Expert Opinion on Drug Discovery	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Expert Opinion on Drug Metabolism & Toxicology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
The Gallifrey Chronicles	publisher	Virgin Publishing
The Gallifrey Chronicles	publisher	BBC Books
Acta Scientiarum Mathematicarum	publisher	János Bolyai Mathematical Institute
Acta Scientiarum Mathematicarum	publisher	University of Szeged
Test Drive Cycles	publisher	Infogrames North America
Sensei	publisher	First Comics
Honeymoon in Hell	publisher	Bantam Books
Great Science-Fiction	publisher	Three Star Books
King Kong 2: Yomigaeru Densetsu	publisher	Konami
Push	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ashes Cricket 2009	publisher	Codemasters
Ashes Cricket 2009	publisher	Namco Bandai Partners
The Stronghold	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Space Demons	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Journal of Logic, Language and Information	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Gastroenterological Association
Journal of Applied Biomedicine	publisher	University of South Bohemia
The Gamble	publisher	Penguin Group
There's a God on the Mic	publisher	Da Capo Press / Thunder’s Mouth Press
La Semaine de Suzette	publisher	Gautier & Languereau
American Gothic	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Championship Manager 2009 Express	publisher	Eidos Interactive Ltd.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars – Republic Heroes	publisher	LucasArts
The Little White Car	publisher	Canongate Books
Seduced by Bacon	publisher	The Lyons Press
Otto of the Silver Hand	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Text & Talk	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Transplantation Proceedings	publisher	Elsevier
Clutch Hitter	publisher	Sega
The Principalities of Glantri	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Microsurgeon	publisher	Imagic
Might & Magic: Clash of Heroes	publisher	Ubisoft
Might & Magic: Clash of Heroes	publisher	Capybara Games
Enchanted, Inc.	publisher	Ballantine Books
Ark	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
NRL Mascot Mania	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
AFL Mascot Manor	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Family Pirate Party	publisher	Aksys Games
A Valley Grows Up	publisher	Oxford University Press
Hello Sunshine	publisher	Akashic Books
The Fountain	publisher	Blue Dome, Inc.
Child of the Wolves	publisher	Yearling Books
Astro Boy: The Video Game	publisher	D3 Publisher
Livia	publisher	Faber & Faber
Absolutely, Positively Not	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Up	publisher	THQ
The Fox Cub Bold	publisher	Hutchinson
Franken Fran	publisher	Akita Shoten
Rugby League Challenge	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Rugby League Challenge	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Third God	publisher	Bantam Books UK, a division of Random House
Electronic Journal of Theoretical Physics	publisher	Aracne Editrice
Ristorante Paradiso	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Ristorante Paradiso	publisher	Ohta Publishing
NHL 10	publisher	Electronic Arts
Globetrotter 2	publisher	IQ Entertainment
The Poet of Tolstoy Park	publisher	Ballantine Books
Hey Rub-a-Dub-Dub	publisher	Horace Liveright
The Siege of White Deer Park	publisher	Hutchinson
In the Path of the Storm	publisher	Hutchinson
Prisoner of the State: The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Battle for the Park	publisher	Hutchinson
Syberia III	publisher	Microïds
Bubble and Squeak	publisher	Audiogenic Software
Rise of a Merchant Prince	publisher	Voyager Books
Batman: Streets of Gotham	publisher	DC Comics
Conqueror A.D. 1086	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Maid Deka	publisher	SoftBank Creative
Maid Deka	publisher	Flex Comix
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami
Mechademia	publisher	University of Minnesota Press
Happy World!	publisher	Shueisha
Wolf Hall	publisher	Fourth Estate
The Umbrella Academy: Apocalypse Suite	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Help Yourself	publisher	Penguin Group
Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Critter Crunch	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Critter Crunch	publisher	Starwave
Linguistics and Philosophy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Simon	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Bimini Run	publisher	Nuvision Entertainment
Gotham City Sirens	publisher	DC Comics
Shadow of the Scorpion	publisher	Tor Books
Fang: A Maximum Ride Novel	publisher	Little, Brown And Company
Johnny Thunders...In Cold Blood	publisher	Cherry Red Books
How We Decide	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors	publisher	Ballantine Books
War Leaders: Clash of Nations	publisher	Akella
War Leaders: Clash of Nations	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Journeys to the End of the World	publisher	Penkelly Books
The Lump of Coal	publisher	HarperCollins
Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study	publisher	Octagon Press Ltd
Sorcer Striker	publisher	Electronic Arts Victor
Sorcer Striker	publisher	Eighting
Performance Research	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Tears of a Lamb	publisher	Hakusensha
Zoids Infinity	publisher	Taito
Dragon Quest Wars	publisher	Square Enix
The Inferior	publisher	David Fickling Books
Jesus, Interrupted	publisher	HarperCollins
Don't Be Such a Scientist	publisher	Island Press
Carry Me Down	publisher	Canongate Books
Magic: History, Theory and Practice	publisher	Anthropos-Verlag
PUMMEL	publisher	Polymancer Studios Inc.
Submarine Telecoms Forum	publisher	Wayne Nielsen
Me and the Devil Blues	publisher	Kodansha
Blur	publisher	Activision
The Wild Geese	publisher	Bantam Books
In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Arthroscopy	publisher	Elsevier
Archie at Riverdale High	publisher	Archie Comics
Story of a Girl	publisher	Little, Brown
Story of a Girl	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Cavern of the Fear	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Last Guardian	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
The Official Razzie Movie Guide	publisher	Time Warner Book Group
Gun Arvidssen	publisher	NAEPALM Industries
Hollywood Causes Cancer	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Africa Development	publisher	CODESRIA
Jimmy Zhingchak	publisher	Virgin Comics
The Fated Sky	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Urban Upstart	publisher	Richard Shepherd Software
Aliens vs. Predator	publisher	Sega
Zed Blade	publisher	Neo Geo
With Kitchener in the Soudan	publisher	Blackie and Son Ltd., London
For the Union Dead	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Insane	publisher	Codemasters
Uno	publisher	Mattel
Mass Effect Galaxy	publisher	Electronic Arts
We Rock: Drum King	publisher	505
Hana to Akuma	publisher	Hakusensha
Algorithmica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Research on Language and Computation	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Phoenix Dynasty Online	publisher	Ingle Games Ltd
Blood Reign: Curse of the Yoma	publisher	Shueisha
Collezione Farnesina Experimenta	publisher	Gangemi Editore
St. Dragon Girl	publisher	Shueisha
Coco and Igor	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Wisdom of the Idiots	publisher	Octagon Press
Silly Beggar	publisher	Aurora Metro
The Earth After Us	publisher	Oxford University Press
Heaven and Earth	publisher	Connor Court Publishing
TNN Motorsports Hardcore Heat	publisher	ASC Games
Exploration	publisher	Software 2000
Hina-chan no Nichijo	publisher	Sankei Shimbun
Sex Warrior Pudding	publisher	Shogakukan
Critical Reviews in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
B.P.R.D.: Garden of Souls	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Ruby in her Navel	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Wagon Train to the Stars	publisher	Pocket Books
Belle Terre	publisher	Pocket Books
Rough Trails	publisher	Pocket Books
UFO Robot Grendizer vs. Great Mazinger	publisher	Kodansha
The Flaming Arrow	publisher	Pocket Books
Osomatsu-kun: Hachamecha Gekijō	publisher	Sega
Original Rude Boy	publisher	Aurum Press
The N Word: One Man's Stand	publisher	Magabala Books
The Case for Latvia	publisher	Rodopi Publishers
The Summoning	publisher	HarperCollins
Eradicator	publisher	Accolade Inc.
Dæmonomania	publisher	Bantam Books
After the Software Wars	publisher	Lulu
A Wish of my Sister	publisher	Akaneshinsha
Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
No Hero	publisher	Avatar Press
Special Illumination: The Sufi Use of Humour	publisher	Octagon Press Ltd
Mario Party 9	publisher	Nintendo
Wolfenstein RPG	publisher	EA Mobile
The Green Book: A Guide to Members' Allowances	publisher	The House of Commons
Sub Battle Simulator	publisher	Epyx
Education Update	publisher	Pola Rosen
Hey Arnold!: The Movie	publisher	THQ
The Prince of Tides	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Snowman	publisher	Aschehoug
Tournament of Legends	publisher	Sega
Beatmania IIDX 17: Sirius	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Current Issues in Comparative Education	publisher	Teachers College, Columbia University
Colorado Review	publisher	Center for Literary Publishing
Colorado Review	publisher	Colorado State University
Roman Construction Sites	publisher	Gangemi Editore
Africa Today	publisher	Indiana University Press
Canadian Journal of African Studies	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Canadian Association of African Studies
Failed States: The Abuse of Power and the Assault on Democracy	publisher	Metropolitan Books
Thin Air	publisher	Pocket Books
A Lost Paradise	publisher	Kodansha
Probability Surveys	publisher	Bernoulli Society
Probability Surveys	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Medieval Kings Chess II	publisher	Magmic Games
Statistics Surveys	publisher	American Statistical Association
Statistics Surveys	publisher	Bernoulli Society
Statistics Surveys	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Statistics Surveys	publisher	Statistical Society of Canada
House of Cards	publisher	Doubleday
Heck: Where the Bad Kids Go	publisher	Random House, Yearling
Drawn to Life: The Next Chapter	publisher	THQ
Behind the Beat	publisher	Gingko Press
Ideal Maniac	publisher	Ideal Toy Company
Winter Rose	publisher	Ace Books
Challenger	publisher	Pocket Books
Grand Theft Auto: The Ballad of Gay Tony	publisher	Rockstar Games
Army Men: Sarge's Heroes	publisher	The 3DO Company
I.M. Meen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Modern African Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Politique africaine	publisher	Éditions Karthala on behalf of the  Association des chercheurs de Politique Africaine
Quest	publisher	Afrika-Studiecentrum, Leiden
Putty Squad	publisher	Ocean Software
Putty Squad	publisher	Maximum Games
Journal of Coatings Technology and Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the American Coatings Association and the Oil and Colour Chemists' Association
Review of African Political Economy	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Africa Yearbook	publisher	Brill Publishers
Toy Story Racer	publisher	Activision
Homefront	publisher	THQ
The Million Dollar Putt	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children
Star Wars Battlefront: Elite Squadron	publisher	LucasArts
Too Much Happiness	publisher	Douglas Gibson Books
Uchu Enban Daisenso	publisher	Kodansha
Uchu Enban Daisenso	publisher	Akita Shoten
Old Ghosts of New England	publisher	The Countryman Press
Ramage and the Drumbeat	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Set in Stone	publisher	David Fickling Books
Rayman Designer	publisher	Ubi Soft
Lips: Number One Hits	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Space Cavern	publisher	Games by Apollo
Spacechase	publisher	Games by Apollo
Angel Beats!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Angel Beats!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Physics Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Trinity: Souls of Zill O’ll	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Physica Status Solidi	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Muscle March	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine	publisher	Sega
The Assignment	publisher	Diogenes Verlag
Animal Academy: Hakobune Hakusho	publisher	Mag Garden
Clandestine	publisher	Avon Books
The Lord of the Rings: Aragorn's Quest	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing	publisher	Sega
Journal of Microscopy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Microscopical Society
American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Book of Atrix Wolfe	publisher	Ace Books
International Journal of Foundations of Computer Science	publisher	World Scientific
The Cambridge History of Iran	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Def Jam Rapstar	publisher	Konami
Driver's Eyes	publisher	Namco
Winning Run	publisher	Namco
Columbine	publisher	Twelve
Brink	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Flight of the Fire Thief	publisher	Kingfisher
Shaun White Snowboarding: World Stage	publisher	Ubisoft
Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments	publisher	Harper & Brothers of New York
Race & Class	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Institute of Race Relations
Manhattan Is My Beat	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Trauma Team	publisher	Atlus
From TV Animation - One Piece: Grand Battle! 2	publisher	Bandai
European Journal of Cardio-Thoracic Surgery	publisher	Oxford University Press for the European Association for Cardio-Thoracic Surgery and the European Society of Thoracic Surgeons
Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues	publisher	LucasArts
Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Demon's Lexicon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Decoding the Heavens	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd.
Bryn Mawr Classical Review	publisher	Bryn Mawr College
Bryn Mawr Classical Review	publisher	University of Pennsylvania
Legacy	publisher	Random House
1Q84	publisher	Shinchosha
College English	publisher	National Council of Teachers of English
The Ghost Drum	publisher	Faber and Faber
Advances in Electrical and Computer Engineering	publisher	Ştefan cel Mare University of Suceava
Devious	publisher	Poppy Publishing
Death of a Blue Movie Star	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Master Key System	publisher	Psychology Publishing
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha ViVid	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Nier	publisher	Square Enix
DecAthlete	publisher	Sega
Rift	publisher	Trion Worlds
Journal of the History of the Neurosciences	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Put the Book Back on the Shelf	publisher	Image Comics
I, Alex Cross	publisher	Little, Brown
Oil 101	publisher	Wooden Table Press
Crimson Spell	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Zenonia	publisher	Gamevil
Level C	publisher	Biblos
Annals of Surgery	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Pippi Longstocking	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Harry and the Wrinklies	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
World Journal of Gastroenterology	publisher	Baishideng Publishing Group
Annals of Anatomy	publisher	Elsevier
Show of Evil	publisher	Villard
Reign in Hell	publisher	Villard
Brown's Requiem	publisher	Avon Books
Final Draft	publisher	AST
Proceedings of the Association of American Physicians	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Freesky Online	publisher	Internet Gaming Gate
Dementium II	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Dementium II	publisher	Digital Tribe Games
The Tunnel	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Strain	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Brides of Wildcat County	publisher	Alladin Paperbacks
Museologia Scientifica e Naturalistica	publisher	University of Ferrara
Skyscrapers of Oz	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
unlimited codes	publisher	Capcom
Jetstrike	publisher	Rasputin Software
How the Grinch Stole Christmas!	publisher	Redbook
How the Grinch Stole Christmas!	publisher	Random House
Wings of Death	publisher	Thalion Software
Legend of the Amazon Women	publisher	U.S. Gold
Legend of the Amazon Women	publisher	Mastertronic
Lego Harry Potter: Years 1–4	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Harry Potter: Years 1–4	publisher	Feral Interactive
Front Mission Evolved	publisher	Square Enix
Mexico Unconquered	publisher	City Lights
Left 4 Dead 2	publisher	Valve Corporation
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance	publisher	Konami
Halo: Reach	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Mass Effect	publisher	Electronic Arts
Psycho Armor Govarian	publisher	Shogakukan
Tales of Monkey Island	publisher	Telltale Games
The Simple Solution to Rubik's Cube	publisher	Bantam Books
Shadow Complex	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Shadow Complex	publisher	Epic Games
Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research	publisher	Elsevier
Oh the Things Mommies Do! What Could Be Better Than Having Two%3F	publisher	Create Space Publishing
Ollie King	publisher	Sega
Born Confused	publisher	Scholastic Press
Moon Child	publisher	Hakusensha
My Steve	publisher	Simon & Schuster Australia
Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker	publisher	Konami
World of Zoo	publisher	THQ
The General Danced at Dawn	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
New Super Mario Bros. Wii	publisher	Nintendo
Golden Sun: Dark Dawn	publisher	Nintendo
Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Minis March Again!	publisher	Nintendo
Super Mario Galaxy 2	publisher	Nintendo
C.O.P. The Recruit	publisher	Ubisoft
FlingSmash	publisher	Nintendo
Metroid: Other M	publisher	Nintendo
Wii Fit Plus	publisher	Nintendo
Six Suspects	publisher	Minotaur/Thomas Dunne Books
Sammy & Sue Go Green Too!	publisher	Beaufort Books
Witch & Wizard	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Final Fantasy XIV	publisher	Square Enix
ModNation Racers	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Laser Ghost	publisher	Sega
Harvest Moon: Frantic Farming	publisher	Namco Networks
The Last Dive	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The Last Dive	publisher	Harper Perennial
Ghostbusters II	publisher	Activision
Ben 10 Alien Force: Vilgax Attacks	publisher	D3 Publisher
Pit Pony	publisher	Gage Educational Publishing Company
Moekan	publisher	Enterbrain
The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn	publisher	Ubisoft, Gameloft
Xenomorph	publisher	Pandora
The Evolution of God	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cloak	publisher	Pocket Books
Buzz!: Quiz World	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tornado Outbreak	publisher	Konami
One World: A Global Anthology of Short Stories	publisher	New Internationalist
Click	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Gravity Crash	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Concho River Review	publisher	Angelo State University
Concho River Review	publisher	Department of English and Modern Languages
Butterfly	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Journal of Neurosurgery	publisher	American Association of Neurological Surgeons
The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane	publisher	Hyperion
The Good Thief	publisher	Dial Press
Invizimals	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
All Together Now	publisher	Berrett-Koehler Publishers
The Sower	publisher	Scribd
Ninth Grade Slays	publisher	Speak
Test Drive 2001	publisher	Infogrames
Bedside Tales of Sultan	publisher	Kybele Art
Hustle Kings	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Anime Explosion!	publisher	Stone Bridge Press
Critical Reviews in Biotechnology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Silver Star Chess	publisher	Agetec
Silver Star Chess	publisher	Electronic Arts
Critical Reviews in Clinical Laboratory Sciences	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Despera	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Orc Attack	publisher	Creative Sparks
Pic Pic	publisher	505
Pokémon Rumble	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Colline	publisher	Éditions Grasset
SpongeBob's Truth or Square	publisher	THQ
Dead Reign	publisher	Palladium Books
The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud	publisher	Random House
Lockjaw and the Pet Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Thérèse Desqueyroux	publisher	Grasset
The Nudist on the Late Shift	publisher	Random House
A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
HERmione	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Journal of Clinical Neuroscience	publisher	Churchill Livingstone
Annals of Neurology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Red Robin	publisher	DC Comics
Artrocker	publisher	Volcano Publishing
Assassin's Creed: Bloodlines	publisher	Ubisoft
Ellen; or, The Fanatic's Daughter	publisher	S.H. Goetzel & Co.
A Capable Man	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Little Butterfly	publisher	Kaiōsha
Bosnian Journal of Basic Medical Sciences	publisher	Association of Basic Medical Sciences of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Misato Katsuragi's Reporting Plan	publisher	Namco Bandai
Hastings & St. Leonards Observer	publisher	Johnston Press
Swimmer	publisher	Centuri
Gifted	publisher	Viking Press
Hunter in the Dark	publisher	Clarke, Irwin & company
Strato Fighter	publisher	Tecmo
Seeing Voices	publisher	University of California Press
Battle Tanks	publisher	Gameloft
White Heat	publisher	Mitchell Beazley
Rogue	publisher	Pocket Books
Abyss	publisher	Pocket Books
Shadow	publisher	Pocket Books
Journal of Business Ethics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Lincoln Unmasked	publisher	Crown Forum
Oriental Magic	publisher	Octagon Press Ltd
The Mighty Swordsmen	publisher	Lancer Books
The Mighty Barbarians	publisher	Lancer Books
Tecmo World Cup '90	publisher	Tecmo
Billy Phelan's Greatest Game	publisher	The Viking Press
Mobius Dick	publisher	Picador
Lee's Lieutenants: A Study in Command	publisher	C. Scribner's Sons
Carmen Sandiego's ThinkQuick Challenge	publisher	The Learning Company
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs	publisher	Ubisoft
Encyclopedic Dictionary of Vietnam	publisher	Vietnam's Encyclopedia Publishing House
Topatoi	publisher	BAL Holding Ltd.
A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament	publisher	George Bell & Sons
Car Warriors	publisher	Epic Comics
Race Life of the Aryan Peoples	publisher	Funk & Wagnalls
The Secret Lore of Magic	publisher	Octagon Press Ltd
Operation Creature Feature	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Girl Who Heard Dragons	publisher	Tor Books
Get Off the Unicorn	publisher	Del Rey Books
World Archaeology	publisher	Routledge
Business & Information Systems Engineering	publisher	Gabler Verlag
Green Day: Rock Band	publisher	MTV
Corvette Evolution GT	publisher	Valcon Games
Corvette Evolution GT	publisher	Black Bean Games
Barabanba	publisher	Scola Inc.
The Middle East in London	publisher	London Middle East Institute
Smash Cars	publisher	Metro3D, Inc., Whiptail Interactive
Mesmerize	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Translation Guide to 19th-Century Polish-Language Civil-Registration Documents	publisher	Jewish Genealogical Society of Illinois
Two Thrones	publisher	Strategy First
Pyongyang Sinmun	publisher	Workers' Party of Korea Pyongyang Municipal Committee
Legend of Faerghail	publisher	ReLINE Software
Pharmaceutical Biology	publisher	Informa
The Civic Culture	publisher	Sage Publications, Inc
Fell	publisher	Amulet Books
Journal of Microencapsulation	publisher	Informa
Rising Up and Rising Down	publisher	McSweeney's Books
Rising Up and Rising Down	publisher	Ecco Press
Journal of Beckett Studies	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The United Methodist Hymnal	publisher	United Methodist Publishing House
The History of British Political Parties	publisher	Politico's Publishing Ltd
Coral Gardens and Their Magic	publisher	Routledge
Battlefield 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pharmaceutical Development and Technology	publisher	Informa
CellFactor: Psychokinetic Wars	publisher	Ubisoft
At Play in the Fields of the Lord	publisher	Random House
Eat This, Not That	publisher	Galvanized Media
Doom Resurrection	publisher	id Software
CA	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the American Cancer Society
NBA Jam 2001	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Ceremony	publisher	Delacorte Press
NHL 2K10	publisher	2
Steins;Gate	publisher	5
Studies in African Music	publisher	Oxford University Press
Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human	publisher	Profile books
Man Gone Down	publisher	Grove Press
Cuboid	publisher	TikGames
Cuboid	publisher	Creat Studios
Cuboid	publisher	I-Free
Mahjong Tales: Ancient Wisdom	publisher	Creat Studios
Mahjong Tales: Ancient Wisdom	publisher	TikGames
Who's Your City%3F	publisher	Basic Books
Who's Your City%3F	publisher	Random House
International Encyclopedia of Human Geography	publisher	Elsevier
Acta Physica Polonica	publisher	Acta. Phys. Pol. A
Acta Physica Polonica	publisher	Institute of Physics of the Polish Academy of Sciences
Acta Physica Polonica	publisher	Acta. Phys. Pol. B
Acta Physica Polonica	publisher	Jagiellonian University
South African Journal of Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic Society of South Africa.
The Ask and the Answer	publisher	Walker Books
Journal of Drug Targeting	publisher	Informa
Asking Questions	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Nancy Drew Dossier: Lights, Camera, Curses	publisher	Big Fish Games
Nancy Drew Dossier: Lights, Camera, Curses	publisher	Her Interactive
Real Racing	publisher	Firemonkeys Studios
Dreadnought	publisher	Simulations Publications, Inc.
The Life and Death of Democracy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Hammer of the Gods	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Conspiracy Encyclopedia	publisher	Penguin Books
Mujigen Hunter Fandora	publisher	Kodansha
Destination Mecca	publisher	Rider
Destination Mecca	publisher	Octagon Press Ltd
Cyber Org	publisher	Square Co., Ltd.
The Munchables	publisher	Namco Bandai
Senjyo	publisher	Tehkan
Exposure	publisher	Walker Books
United Kingdom Election Results	publisher	D. Boothroyd
Kamen Rider: Climax Heroes	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
War Final Assault	publisher	Atari Games
Columns II	publisher	Sega
Mare Liberum	publisher	Lodewijk Elzevir
Westward	publisher	Sandlot Games
Dragon and Thief	publisher	Starscape
European Radiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
RealSports Boxing	publisher	Atari
Shrink Yourself	publisher	Wiley
Mia's Math Adventure: Just in Time!	publisher	Kutoka Interactive
Demon Flowers	publisher	Shinshokan
Don't Look Back	publisher	Kongregate
Skate Boardin'	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
Faerie Solitaire	publisher	Subsoap
EA Sports MMA	publisher	EA Sports
Boing! Docomodake DS	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Roogoo Attack	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Days Between Stations	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Spore Hero	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Bells of Nagasaki	publisher	Kodansha International
Midori no Makibaō	publisher	Shueisha
Fortified Zone	publisher	Jaleco
Orly's Draw-A-Story	publisher	Brøderbund
Satan's Hollow	publisher	Bally Midway
Mixed Vegetables	publisher	Shueisha
Sir Harold of Zodanga	publisher	Baen Books
Heist Society	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Stargazer	publisher	HarperTeen
The Everafter War	publisher	Amulet Books
After I Win	publisher	Houbunsha
Alcohol, Shirt and Kiss	publisher	Libre Publishing
All Nippon Air Line	publisher	Magazine Magazine
Author's Pet	publisher	Magazine Magazine
Mia's Science Adventure: Romaine's New Hat	publisher	Kutoka Interactive
Crazy Balloon	publisher	Taito
Trail of Cthulhu	publisher	Pelgrane Press
Natural Bridge	publisher	University of Missouri–St. Louis
Battle of Britain	publisher	Personal Software Services
After the Wreck, I Picked Myself Up, Spread My Wings, and Flew Away	publisher	HarperTeen
Venus & Braves	publisher	Namco
Landslide	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Byzantinische Zeitschrift	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
The Snow Tiger	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Journal of Transatlantic Studies	publisher	Routledge for the Transatlantic Studies Association
High Citadel	publisher	House of Stratus
The Tightrope Men	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Vivero Letter	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Spoilers	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Freedom Trap	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Juggernaut	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Night of Error	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Raskulls	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The True Furqan	publisher	Wine Press Publishing, Enumclaw, WA
Jatta	publisher	Scholastic Australia
The Honour of the Knights	publisher	Self-published
Prophets of Regulation	publisher	Belknap
Line of Sight: Vietnam	publisher	Infogrames
Line of Sight: Vietnam	publisher	Atari
Yume Nikki	publisher	Takeshobo
Mayhem!	publisher	Image Comics
Encounter	publisher	Synapse Software
Encounter	publisher	Novagen Software
Pin Bot	publisher	Nintendo
The Raging Quiet	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Captain America: Reborn	publisher	Marvel Comics
Annals of Oncology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Surgical Endoscopy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Pediatric Radiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
PHM Pegasus	publisher	Electronic Arts
Africa Education Review	publisher	Pretoria : Unisa
Africa Media Review	publisher	African Council for Communication Education
In Vivo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wittgenstein's Beetle and Other Classic Thought Experiments	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
A Great Fall	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Eagle's Prey	publisher	Headline
The Eagle's Prey	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Oxford Literary Review	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Canadian Journal of Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Odd Man Out: A Year on the Mound with a Minor League Misfit	publisher	Viking Press
DUX	publisher	HUCAST.Net
Mysterious Journey II	publisher	The Adventure Company
The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition	publisher	American Society for Nutrition
Storm: Frontline Nation	publisher	SimBin Studios
The Hell in Vietnam	publisher	City Interactive
Primitive Wars	publisher	Arxel Tribe
Dragon's Rock	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tomehane! Suzuri Kōkō Shodōbu	publisher	Shogakukan
The Bourne Objective	publisher	Orion Books
The Bourne Objective	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Bombing Islands	publisher	Kemco
Bog Child	publisher	David Fickling Books
Silver Star Reversi	publisher	Agetec
The Girl from Hollywood	publisher	Macaulay Co.
Roger Burrows	publisher	Running Press
Gretzky NHL 2005	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Anime Encyclopedia	publisher	Stone Bridge Press
The Anime Encyclopedia	publisher	Titan Books
Can't Win with You!	publisher	Houbunsha
Cut	publisher	Biblos
Mindplayers	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Don't Blame Me	publisher	Houbunsha
Moments of Being	publisher	Harvest Books
The Way to Heaven	publisher	Biblos
The Guilty	publisher	Movic
The Guilty	publisher	Frontier Works
Blake: Prophet Against Empire	publisher	Dover Publications
Ambient	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Double Dunk	publisher	Atari
Modeste Mignon	publisher	Chlenowski
Boken till Dig	publisher	Ab Ruter Press Laholm
Chu-Bra!!	publisher	Futabasha
Xi	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Xi	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Flip's Twisted World	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
August	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Seaquest	publisher	Activision
Mortal Kombat	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Under a Monsoon Cloud	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Tit for Tat	publisher	Garret & Co.
First Girl	publisher	Shogakukan
The Search for the Red Dragon	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Indigo King	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Shadow Dragons	publisher	Simon & Schuster
European Journal of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Rockman EXE Operate Shooting Star	publisher	Capcom
Nationalities Papers	publisher	Routledge
International Finance	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Technologized Desire	publisher	Guide Dog Books
Uten Enten	publisher	Shinchosha
Star Trek: The Promethean Prophecy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion	publisher	DC Comics
Wild Geese	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Wild Geese	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
A Conspiracy of Kings	publisher	Greenwillow Books/ HarperCollins
Family Mini Golf	publisher	Aksys Games
Drill Sergeant Mindstrong	publisher	Xseed Games
Phineas and Ferb	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Breaking Point	publisher	HarperCollins Children’s Books
Human Biology	publisher	Wayne State University Press
The 27s: The Greatest Myth of Rock & Roll	publisher	Samadhi Creations
Evermore	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Satan's Harvest Home	publisher	Published for the editor
Allergy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Skin Tight	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Nature Methods	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Gray Matter	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Musou Orochi Z	publisher	Koei
The Little Grey Men	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Megablast	publisher	Taito
Amnesiascope	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Hoopster	publisher	Disney Hyperion
List of Stargate games	publisher	None
The Broken Melody	publisher	Publicity Press
The Broken Melody	publisher	Jackson and O'Sullivan
Mots d'Heures	publisher	Grossman Publishers
ChemBioChem	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
International Conference on Computer Vision	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Eden of the East	publisher	Media Factory
Eden of the East	publisher	Media Factory
Super Cosplay War Ultra	publisher	Team FK
Nexus: The Infinite City	publisher	Daedalus Games
Mafia Wars	publisher	Zynga
The Charioteer	publisher	Longman
Tatakau Shisho	publisher	Shueisha
Fight Ippatsu! Jūden-chan!!	publisher	Wani Books
The Fate of the Earth	publisher	Knopf
Hip Hop High School	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Chinese Science Bulletin	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of Science in China Press
Sub Command	publisher	Strategy First
Skin Trade	publisher	Berkley Books
The Court of the Air	publisher	Voyager Books
PEN America	publisher	PEN American Center
Aldynes	publisher	Hudson Soft
Fancy Nancy	publisher	HarperCollins
The Orchard on Fire	publisher	Heinemann
The Orchard on Fire	publisher	Moyer Bell
Metropolitan Home	publisher	Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S.
Ultimate Requiem	publisher	Marvel Comics
Agent	publisher	Rockstar Games
Play Ball: Stories of the Ball Field	publisher	Emery & Hughes
Atlas of Victorian Birds	publisher	Dept of Conservation, Forest and Lands, Victoria; and Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union
The Punisher	publisher	LJN
Return Fire 2	publisher	Ripcord Games
Jigyaku no Uta	publisher	Kobunsha
Jigyaku no Uta	publisher	Takeshobo
Drifters	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
Undercurrent	publisher	Kodansha
Studies in Applied Mathematics	publisher	Wiley–Blackwell
Palimpsest	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Devouring	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest	publisher	Norstedts Förlag , MacLehose Press, an imprint of Quercus
Fearful Symmetry	publisher	Princeton University Press
Lucha Libre AAA: Héroes del Ring	publisher	Konami
Adventures of Tron	publisher	Mattel
Spore Hero Arena	publisher	Electronic Arts
On the Water	publisher	Amstel Uitgevers
On the Water	publisher	Faber and Faber
Guilty: Liberal %22Victims%22 and Their Assault on America	publisher	Crown Forum
Airlock	publisher	Data Age
Super Farm	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Mystery of the Missing Man	publisher	Egmont Books
MX Unleashed	publisher	THQ
Acta Chimica Slovenica	publisher	Slovenian Chemical Society
Angelaki	publisher	Routledge
Air Raiders	publisher	Mattel
ACS Chemical Neuroscience	publisher	American Chemical Society
Hush Little Baby	publisher	Scholastic Paperback
Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters	publisher	ACS Publications
Reincarnation and Biology	publisher	Praeger Publishers
The Discovery of Global Warming	publisher	Harvard University Press
International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of the Neurological Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
The Mystery of the Strange Messages	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Journal of Cell Biology	publisher	Rockefeller University Press
FEBS Letters	publisher	Wiley on behalf of FEBS
Anno: Create A New World	publisher	Ubisoft
RC Revenge	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Red Book	publisher	Philemon Foundation and
The Red Book	publisher	W. W. Norton & Co.
CrimeCraft	publisher	THQ Inc.
MotoGP 2	publisher	THQ
MotoGP 2	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
More!	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
Bomberman Touch: The Legend of Mystic Bomb	publisher	Hudson Soft
Transformers Revenge of the Fallen: Autobots	publisher	Activision
The Canadian Amateur	publisher	Radio Amateurs of Canada
Crunch	publisher	Berrett-Koehler Publishers
NAM	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Henry and the Paper Route	publisher	William Morrow and Company
3DiTeams	publisher	Duke University Medical Center and Virtual Heroes, Inc.
Dear Esther	publisher	The Chinese Room
Dear Esther	publisher	Curve Digital
Shatter	publisher	Sidhe Interactive
Columns Crown	publisher	Sega
Columns Crown	publisher	THQ
CT Special Forces 2: Back in the Trenches	publisher	Hip Interactive
Malarky	publisher	Patch Products
BattleSport	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Malarkey	publisher	Parker BrothersHersch and Company
Gem Smashers	publisher	Metro3D, Inc.
Gem Smashers	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Gem Smashers	publisher	Thumbstar Games
Gem Smashers	publisher	Funbox Media
Space Impact	publisher	Nokia
Nineteen Eighty-Four	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light	publisher	Square Enix
The Coming Insurrection	publisher	Semiotext
WWE Encyclopedia: The definitive guide to World Wrestling Entertainment	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
Something More	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Bulletins of American Paleontology	publisher	Paleontological Research Institution
Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith	publisher	American Scientific Affiliation
Army Men: Air Attack 2	publisher	3
Army Men: Air Attack	publisher	The 3DO Company
Dragon Keeper	publisher	HarperVoyager
The Halo Effect	publisher	The Free Press
Yama Onna Kabe Onna	publisher	Kodansha
Worms 2: Armageddon	publisher	Team17
Gears of War: Jacinto's Remnant	publisher	Del Rey Books
NCAA Basketball 10	publisher	Electronic Arts
DNA Research	publisher	Oxford University Press for the Kazusa DNA Research Institute
Myconet	publisher	Umeå University, later The Field Museum
We Few	publisher	Baen Books
March to the Sea	publisher	Baen Books
March to the Stars	publisher	Baen Books
The Comparatist	publisher	University of North Carolina Press
Biotechnology and Bioprocess Engineering	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Ransom My Heart	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Nose from Jupiter	publisher	Tundra Books
Hybris	publisher	Discovery Software
MiG-29 Fulcrum	publisher	NovaLogic
Dark Sun	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dark Sun	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Durarara!!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Durarara!!	publisher	Square Enix
Durarara!!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ecology and Law	publisher	Bellona – St. Petersburg
Journal of African Cultural Studies	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Cardiovascular Electrophysiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Heart Rhythm	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of African Economies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journal of African Law	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Catastrophe	publisher	HarperCollins
Land of Marvels	publisher	Hutchinson
The Sin Eaters	publisher	BBC Audiobooks
FIST	publisher	Imagineer
Report about Case Srebrenica	publisher	Republika Srpska Government Bureau for Relations with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia
Warbreaker	publisher	Tor Books
Human Genetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Molecular Cell	publisher	Cell Press
Homeboyz	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Molecular Physics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Superstars V8 Racing	publisher	Black Bean Games
Superstars V8 Racing	publisher	Codemasters
Driift Mania	publisher	Konami
Groundswell	publisher	Harvard Business Press
Konsthistorisk tidskrift	publisher	Routledge for Konsthistoriska sällskapet
Acta Zoologica Mexicana	publisher	Instituto de Ecologia
AACN Nursing Scan in Critical Care	publisher	NURSECOM for American Association of Critical-Care Nurses
Chew	publisher	Image Comics
An American Trilogy	publisher	Da Capo Press
Journal of Folklore Research	publisher	Indiana University Press
Happiness Recommended	publisher	Houbunsha
Karneval	publisher	Ichijinsha
Hey, Sensei%3F	publisher	Biblos
Hot Limit	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Hot Steamy Glasses	publisher	Taiyoh Tosho
Broken Helix	publisher	Konami
Army Men: Operation Green	publisher	3
Ether Saga Odyssey	publisher	Perfect World Entertainment
Ether Saga Odyssey	publisher	Gameastor
Kaiouki	publisher	Kodansha
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 3	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Dream Chronicles	publisher	PlayFirst
Gravity Games Bike: Street Vert Dirt	publisher	Midway Games
The Complaints	publisher	Orion Books
Omega Fighter	publisher	UPL, American Sammy
Mistakes Were Made	publisher	Harcourt
Rogue	publisher	Random House
Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America	publisher	Tor Books
Billy Bat	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Development Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Happy Happy Clover	publisher	Shogakukan
Princess Lucia	publisher	Mag Garden
The Courage of Sarah Noble	publisher	Scribner and Sons
Lips: Canta en Español	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Tecmo World Cup '93	publisher	Tecmo
The House in the Night	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Train Simulator	publisher	Dovetail Games
Princess Lover!	publisher	Media Factory
Idealistic Studies	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Vacillations of Poppy Carew	publisher	Macmillan
Honor Thyself	publisher	Random House
A Good Woman	publisher	Random House
King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table	publisher	Puffin Books
One Day at a Time	publisher	Random House
H.A.V.E. Online	publisher	SK iMedia \n\nRock Hippo Productions Ltd. \nWeezor Productions
Heracles Chariot Racing	publisher	Midas Interactive
Philosophy and Real Politics	publisher	Princeton University Press
Kiddy Girl-and	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Umimachi Diary	publisher	Shogakukan
Journal of Pragmatics	publisher	Elsevier
Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics	publisher	Elsevier
The Philosophical Forum	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Rolando 2	publisher	Ngmoco
Mutation Research	publisher	Elsevier
A Step From Heaven	publisher	Casemate Publishers
Secrets of the Clans	publisher	HarperCollins
Code of the Clans	publisher	HarperCollins
The Rise of Scourge	publisher	HarperCollins
Gods, Demons and Others	publisher	Viking Press
Gods, Demons and Others	publisher	Heinemann
G3	publisher	Square Peg Media
Free: The Future of a Radical Price	publisher	Hyperion Books
Where the Blind Horse Sings	publisher	Skyhorse Publishing
Widdershins	publisher	Tor Books
European Journal of Information Systems	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Needless	publisher	Shueisha
Frogger Advance: The Great Quest	publisher	Konami
The Quivering	publisher	Alternative Software
Vision Research	publisher	Elsevier
Perception	publisher	Sage, formerly Pion
African Journal of International and Comparative Law	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
STORM: The Infinity Code	publisher	Penguin Young Readers
Comparative Critical Studies	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Brain and Cognition	publisher	Academic Press
By Heresies Distressed	publisher	Tor Books
Voluntary Socialism	publisher	Basic Books
Claim to Fame	publisher	Simon & Schuster
3Xtreme	publisher	989
Nancy Drew Dossier: Resorting to Danger	publisher	Her Interactive
Kit's Wilderness	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Command & Conquer 4: Tiberian Twilight	publisher	Electronic Arts
The White Darkness	publisher	Oxford University Press
On the Jellicoe Road	publisher	Harpercollins
The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Century's Daughter	publisher	Virago Press
Anedoki	publisher	Shueisha
The Man Who Wasn't There	publisher	Virago Press
Another World	publisher	Viking Press
Double Vision	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Life Class	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
MechWarrior Online	publisher	2011
HDL System	publisher	Tremorworks, LLC
Hidden Empire	publisher	St Martin's/Tor
Monopoly City	publisher	Hasbro
Monopoly City	publisher	Parker Brothers
Relentless	publisher	Bantam Books
Karate Phants: Gloves of Glory	publisher	SnapDragon Games
ColorZ	publisher	Exkee
Kamen Rider Battle: Ganbaride	publisher	Bandai
Not That Sort of Girl	publisher	Macmillan
The Jeepney Magazine	publisher	Urban Opportunities for Change Foundation
The Wise Man's Fear	publisher	DAW Books Hardcover
Wondrous Strange	publisher	Harper Collins Canada
Menace	publisher	Psygnosis
The Several Journeys of Reemus	publisher	Newgrounds
Gateway to Strangeness	publisher	Amazing Stories
Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Selected Works of T. S. Spivet	publisher	Penguin Press
Krista Purana	publisher	Rachol Seminary
Krista Purana	publisher	Goa
The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl	publisher	Orion Publishing
Stainless Longganisa	publisher	Visprint, Inc.
Computers in Biology and Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Fight Night	publisher	Accolade
Fight Night	publisher	U.S. Gold
The Enclosure	publisher	Hutchinson
Do Me a Favour	publisher	Hutchinson
Wasteland Racers 2071	publisher	Triotech
Mrs de Winter	publisher	Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd
Gentleman and Ladies	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Demolition Racer	publisher	Infogrames
Demolition Racer	publisher	Atari
A Change for the Better	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Heaven's Will	publisher	Shogakukan
I Love You, Beth Cooper	publisher	Ecco
Historical Statistics of the United States	publisher	Cambridge University Press
In the Springtime of the Year	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Mist in the Mirror	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson
Twin Research and Human Genetics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Beware of the Dog	publisher	Reynal & Hitchcock
Magnificent Corpses	publisher	Da Capo Press
Dieu	publisher	J. Hetzel
The Service of Clouds	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Various Haunts of Men	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Risk of Darkness	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Pure in Heart	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Cortex	publisher	Elsevier
Hōzuki Island	publisher	Square Enix
InterCourses	publisher	Terrace Publishing
The Resistance	publisher	Wildstorm
Brothers in Arms: Hour of Heroes	publisher	Gameloft
Journal of Music Theory	publisher	Duke University for the Yale Department of Music
Journal of Scottish Philosophy	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The Declaration	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
The Resistance	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Atala	publisher	Migneret/Librairie Dupont
Ant Nation	publisher	Konami
Dolores	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell/Transworld Publishers Limited
Incoming!	publisher	JV Games
One Second After	publisher	Tor Books
Harnessing Peacocks	publisher	Macmillan
Ideas on the Nature of Science	publisher	Goose Lane Editions
Analytical and Bioanalytical Chemistry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The History of Independent Cinema	publisher	BearManor Media
Secret Ceremonies	publisher	* William Morrow & Co \n* Island Books
Dungeons & Dragons Computer Fantasy Game	publisher	Mattel
Atari Video Cube	publisher	Atari
Muqarnas	publisher	Brill Publishers
Journal of Chemical Technology & Biotechnology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Silicon	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Catalysis Letters	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Arthur Rex	publisher	Dell Publishing
Le Sang noir	publisher	Robert M. McBride & Co
Psychiatrist Irabu series	publisher	Bungeishunjū
Mia's Reading Adventure: The Bugaboo Bugs	publisher	Kutoka Interactive
Nature Cell Biology	publisher	Nature Research
Music Analysis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Philadelphia Record	publisher	William M. Singerly
The Philadelphia Record	publisher	J. David Stern
Pneuma	publisher	Brill
General History of the Zhuang	publisher	Guangxi National Press
Africa Renewal	publisher	United Nations
Africa Update	publisher	Central Connecticut State University, African Studies Program
Africa Research Bulletin	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
African and Asian Studies	publisher	Brill Publishers
Journal of Lipid Research	publisher	American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Anglo-Saxon England	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Leeds Studies in English	publisher	School of English Studies, University of Leeds
JumpStart Adventures 6th Grade: Mission Earthquest	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Bosque	publisher	Southern University of Chile
Samurai Shodown	publisher	SNK
Race Walking Record	publisher	Race Walking Association
The Heart of a Distant Forest	publisher	W.W. Norton & Co.
Mormonism: Shadow or Reality%3F	publisher	Utah Lighthouse Ministry
Vimana	publisher	Romstar
Vimana	publisher	Tecmo
Hero Heel	publisher	Biblos
Hero Heel	publisher	Libre Publishing
Coach K College Basketball	publisher	EA Sports
The Rising Night	publisher	BBC Audio
The Navajo People and Uranium Mining	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party 3	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Free Software, Free Society	publisher	GNU Press
Journal for the History of Astronomy	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Asylum Seeker	publisher	Nijgh & Van Ditmar
The Fires of Merlin	publisher	Penguin
The Mirror of Merlin	publisher	Penguin Books
G.I. Joe	publisher	IDW Publishing
Hybrid Child	publisher	Seiji Biblos
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear%3F	publisher	Julia MacRae Books
Les Rayons et les Ombres	publisher	Charpentier et Fasquelle
The Blood of Others	publisher	Gallimard
Bougainville	publisher	Querido
Burda Style	publisher	Aenne Burda
Pollux	publisher	Atlus
Treasure World	publisher	Aspyr
Martin Walls	publisher	Tiger Bark Press
Broken Blade	publisher	Flex Comix
Broken Blade	publisher	COMIC Meteor
That's So Raven: Psychic on the Scene	publisher	Buena Vista Games
Dungeon of Death	publisher	Instant Software
Rip in Time	publisher	Fantagor Press
Komrij's patentwekker	publisher	De Bezige Bij
Young Gun Carnaval	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Young Gun Carnaval	publisher	Flex Comix
Five Go Down to the Sea	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Baseball	publisher	RCA
American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine	publisher	American Thoracic Society
Irish Journal of Medical Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland
Mohawk	publisher	Vintage Books
Mia's Language Adventure: The Kidnap Caper	publisher	Kutoka Interactive
Darkworld Detective	publisher	Bantam Books
Immortals	publisher	Ace Books
Clones	publisher	Ace Books
Timegates	publisher	Ace Books
Grade	publisher	24
Black Butterfly	publisher	Simon & Schuster Ltd
Journal de la Société des Américanistes	publisher	Société des Américanistes
Molecular Endocrinology	publisher	The Endocrine Society
Journal of Biochemistry	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Japanese Biochemical Society
A Cruel God Reigns	publisher	Shogakukan
Instant Piano	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Sublime Object of Ideology	publisher	Verso Books
The Embalmer	publisher	Shodensha
Sea of Red	publisher	Image Comics
Hysteria Hospital: Emergency Ward	publisher	Oxygen Games
Colloid and Polymer Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Applied Electrochemistry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Thermal Analysis and Calorimetry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Radioanalytical and Nuclear Chemistry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Seven Lamps of Architecture	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
A History of Political Theory	publisher	Dryden Press, fourth edition revised by Thomas Landon Thorson
The Shape of Time	publisher	Yale University Press
Britten and Brülightly	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Sun Shines Bright	publisher	Doubleday
Strobe Edge	publisher	Shueisha
Gridiron	publisher	Upper Deck
Counting the Eons	publisher	Doubleday
Mass Effect: Redemption	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Characters of Shakespear's Plays	publisher	Rowland Hunter with Charles and James Ollier
Ghost Town	publisher	Adventure International
Tulane Law Review	publisher	Tulane University Law School
Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey	publisher	Atlus
Looking for Rachel Wallace	publisher	Delacorte Press
Polymer Bulletin	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of the American Oil Chemists' Society	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Social Indicators Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
African Natural History	publisher	Iziko Museums
The Tragedy of the Moon	publisher	Doubleday
Early Childhood Education Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Performance Evaluation	publisher	Elsevier
African Crop Science Journal	publisher	African Crop Science Society
African Entomology	publisher	Entomological Society of Southern Africa
African Health Sciences	publisher	Makerere University Medical School
African Journal for the Psychological Study of Social Issues	publisher	African Journals OnLine
African Human Rights Law Reports	publisher	JUTA Law on behalf of the Centre for Human Rights
The Zombies That Ate The World	publisher	Les Humanoïdes Associés
Report on Probability A	publisher	New Worlds
A Poet's Bible	publisher	Hyperion
The Gutting of Couffignal	publisher	Black Mask
The Whole Shebang: A State-of-the-Universe	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Didi & Ditto	publisher	Kutoka Interactive
The Yellow Journal	publisher	University of Virginia
Talk	publisher	TCG
Valkyria Chronicles II	publisher	Sega
Valkyria Chronicles II	publisher	Enterbrain
The Wife's Story	publisher	Pendragon Press
LittleBigPlanet	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
African Journal of Aquatic Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Southern African Society of Aquatic Scientists
Necratoholic	publisher	Libre Publishing
Cars Race-O-Rama	publisher	THQ
African Journal of Economic Policy	publisher	African Journals OnLine
African Journal of Infectious Diseases	publisher	African Journals OnLine
African Journal of International Affairs	publisher	Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa
Nancy Drew: Warnings at Waverly Academy	publisher	Her Interactive
The Looney: An Irish Fantasy	publisher	Hobbs
The Looney: An Irish Fantasy	publisher	Michael Joseph
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days	publisher	Amulet Books
Genomics Digital Lab	publisher	Spongelab Interactive
Atheist Delusions	publisher	Yale University Press
Chasing the Bear	publisher	Penguin Group
A Thousand Barrels a Second	publisher	McGraw Hill
The Harvard Review of Philosophy	publisher	Dept of Philosophy, Harvard University
American Indian Quarterly	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Ruff Love	publisher	Nihonbungeisha
Outlaws of the Lost Dynasty	publisher	Data East
Samurai from Outer Space	publisher	Open Court Publishing Company
Match Girl	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Ruby Slippers, Golden Tears	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Black Thorn, White Rose	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Snow White, Blood Red	publisher	William Morrow & Company
Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Elektronika	publisher	Association of Polish Electrical Engineers
My Girlfriend's a Geek	publisher	Enterbrain
Methland	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Ripped: How the Wired Generation Revolutionized Music	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Apaimanee Saga	publisher	NED Comics
Puyo Puyo DA!	publisher	Sega
Deep Economy	publisher	Henry Holt & Company
Proceedings of A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute	publisher	A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute
Patsy of Paradise Place	publisher	currently by Random House
Annales Academiae Scientiarum Fennicae. Mathematica	publisher	Finnish Academy of Science and Letters
Citizen Jane	publisher	Onyx Publishing
Vampire's Portrait	publisher	Oakla Publishing
White Brand	publisher	Houbunsha
Return to the Hundred Acre Wood	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Return to the Hundred Acre Wood	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Pluk van de Petteflet	publisher	Querido
Tokyo Zombie	publisher	Seirinkogeisha
Tower of the Future	publisher	Hakusensha
Program: Electronic Library and Information Systems	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Sexual Addiction & Compulsivity	publisher	Routledge
Breaking the Surface	publisher	Plume
The Silent Sea	publisher	Putnam
Wild Butterfly	publisher	Oakla Publishing
You Make My Head Spin!	publisher	Biblos
Children of the Sea	publisher	Shogakukan
Looney Tunes: Cartoon Conductor	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Dragon Throne: Battle of Red Cliffs	publisher	Strategy First
Tony Hawk's Underground 2: Remix	publisher	Activision
Lego Knights' Kingdom	publisher	THQ
Programming Languages: Application and Interpretation	publisher	Self-published
Iron Empires	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Karaoke Revolution	publisher	Konami
Air Charter	publisher	Waddingtons
Perfectly Reasonable Deviations from the Beaten Track	publisher	Basic Books
Missouri Historical Review	publisher	State Historical Society of Missouri
Vulcan's Forge	publisher	Onyx
Charon's Landing	publisher	Onyx
The Medusa Stone	publisher	Onyx
Rollback	publisher	Tor Books
This Is Your Brain on Music	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Pandora's Curse	publisher	Onyx
The Knight	publisher	Tor Books
My Horizontal Life	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Bay of Souls	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
African Journal of Library, Archives and Information Science	publisher	AJOL
African Journal of Legal Studies	publisher	Martinus Nijhoff Publishers
African Journal of Marine Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis and NISC
African Journal of Neurological Sciences	publisher	Pan African Association of Neurological Sciences
African Journal of Paediatric Surgery	publisher	Medknow Publications
African Journal of Range & Forage Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis and the National Inquiry Services Centre on behalf of the Grassland Society of Southern Africa
African Studies	publisher	Routledge
Reports from the Holocaust: The Story of an AIDS Activist	publisher	St. Martin's Press
HLA	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Federation for Immunogenetics
Possible Side Effects	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Inspector Canardo	publisher	Casterman
Annals of Mathematical Statistics	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
The Princeton Theological Review	publisher	Princeton Theological Seminary
Ice Claw	publisher	Penguin Books Ltd.
Petz Rescue: Ocean Patrol	publisher	Ubisoft
African Archaeological Review	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Old Telly Time	publisher	Hendan Publishing
The Illusionist	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson
The Lollipop Shoes	publisher	Doubleday
Destroyer of Worlds	publisher	Tor Books
Analytical Biochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Hanasakeru Seishōnen	publisher	Hakusensha
Speak of the Devil	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Catholic University Law Review	publisher	Columbus School of Law
Summertime	publisher	Harvill Secker
Indiana Jones and the Peril at Delphi	publisher	Bantam Books
The Robert Heinlein Interview and other Heinleiniana	publisher	Pulpless.com
The Greeks Have a Word For It	publisher	Hutchinson
Waking Dream	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Ved Vejen	publisher	Det Schubotheske Forlag
Dragon Oath	publisher	Sohu
Street Legal	publisher	Activision
Brother Cadfael's Penance	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Molecular Pharmacology	publisher	American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics
Epic Mickey	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
How Wikipedia Works	publisher	No Starch Press
Castlevania: The Arcade	publisher	Konami
Jumping the Queue	publisher	Macmillan
Far Cry 3	publisher	Ubisoft
Ultimate Comics: Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Constance	publisher	Faber & Faber
Quinx	publisher	Faber & Faber
Mammalian Genome	publisher	Springer-Verlag
The Selfish Genius	publisher	Icon books Ltd
La Brava	publisher	Arbor House
Group S Challenge	publisher	Capcom
Don't Tell Alfred	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Broken Compass	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group Ltd.
Blue Toad Murder Files	publisher	Relentless Software
Deep Fire Rising	publisher	Onyx
River of Ruin	publisher	Onyx
Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Cheminformatics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Book of est	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
A Little House Traveler	publisher	HarperCollins
Divine Misdemeanors	publisher	Ballantine Books
Allal	publisher	Rolling Stone
Numblast	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Last Song	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Mount Analogue	publisher	Vincent Stuart Ltd.
Infernal: Hell's Vengeance	publisher	Playlogic Entertainment
Fever Crumb	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Culture of Corruption	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Journal of Medical Genetics	publisher	BMJ Group
The Revenant	publisher	Desperado Publishing
British Journal of Mathematical and Statistical Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell and the British Psychological Society
Orbis	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Foreign Policy Research Institute
Monsters vs. Aliens	publisher	Activision
It's OK, I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers	publisher	Piccadilly Press
Tarr Chronicles	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Tarr Chronicles	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
VS	publisher	Akita Shoten
Spider-Man J	publisher	Kodansha
Ratha's Courage	publisher	Imaginator Press
Beyond the Shadows	publisher	Orbit Books
Heroes of the Valley	publisher	Hyperion Books
Space Bust-a-Move	publisher	Taito
Triple Play 99	publisher	EA Sports
The Last Valley	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Forest King	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Indiana Jones and the Seven Veils	publisher	Bantam Books
Mighty Warriors	publisher	Games Workshop
HB Arcade Cards	publisher	HB Studios
Sexy Poker	publisher	Gameloft
Kapitan Sino	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Audition	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Audition	publisher	Penguin Books
The Sims 3: World Adventures	publisher	Electronic Arts
International conference on Physics of Light–Matter Coupling in Nanostructures	publisher	Wiley-VCH Physica Status Solidi and Elsevier Superlattices and Microstructures
Leaderboard	publisher	Access Software
Academy of Management Learning and Education	publisher	Academy of Management
Up Till Now	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Sexual Abuse	publisher	SAGE Publications
Kings County Record	publisher	Brunswick News Inc.
Fight Club	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Freedom	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Disney Think Fast	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Forest of Hands and Teeth	publisher	Random House
Uncle	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Uncle and Claudius the Camel	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Uncle and the Treacle Trouble	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Uncle and the Battle for Badgertown	publisher	Jonathan Cape
In the President's Secret Service	publisher	Crown Publishing
Christina's Ghost	publisher	Scholastic inc
Dancing the Dream	publisher	Doubleday
British Journal of Neurosurgery	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Splendor: A Luxe Novel	publisher	HarperCollins
Who We Are: A Citizen's Manifesto	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
Witness Against the Beast	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Miami Vice	publisher	Ocean Software
Thirteen Reasons Why	publisher	Penguin Books
Servant of the Dragon	publisher	Saint Martin's Press
No Rules: Get Phat	publisher	TDK Mediactive
Ōkami Kakushi	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ōkami Kakushi	publisher	Kodansha
Ōkami Kakushi	publisher	Shogakukan
Spirit of Speed 1937	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Spirit of Speed 1937	publisher	LJN
Spirit of Speed 1937	publisher	Taito
Spirit of Speed 1937	publisher	MicroProse
African Journal of Urology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Pan African Urological Surgeons' Association
Acta Classica	publisher	Classical Association of South Africa
Africa & Asia: Göteborg Working Papers on Asian and African Languages and Literatures	publisher	Göteborg University
Djinn	publisher	Dargaud
Journal of Oncology Practice	publisher	American Society of Clinical Oncology
European Physical Journal B	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Zeitschrift für Physik	publisher	Springer Berlin Heidelberg
Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Journal of Biophotonics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Cater Street Hangman	publisher	Ballantine Books
Iron Aces	publisher	Xicat Interactive
Rediscovery	publisher	DAW Books
Azrael	publisher	DC Comics
Alice: An Interactive Museum	publisher	Synergy Interactive Crop.
Africa Bibliography	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Selected Manifestations	publisher	1985
African Book Publishing Record	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
African Economic History	publisher	African Studies Program, University of Wisconsin–Madison
African Economic Outlook	publisher	African Development Bank and OECD Development Centre
African Historical Review	publisher	Routledge and UNISA Press
International Journal of African Historical Studies	publisher	African Studies Center, Boston University
African Identities	publisher	Routledge
The Death of Bunny Munro	publisher	Canongate Books
The Death of Bunny Munro	publisher	Faber & Faber
Journal of Nanoparticle Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Communications in Mathematical Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Birds of Prey	publisher	Electronic Arts
British Museum Quarterly	publisher	British Museum
Sabato's Crystal Ball	publisher	University of Virginia Center for Politics
The Echo	publisher	Newsquest Media Group
Molecular & Cellular Proteomics	publisher	American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Hardcore 4X4	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Hardcore 4X4	publisher	ASC Games
Living with Koestler	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Tricks	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Getting to Yes	publisher	Penguin Group
Bugs Bunny & Lola Bunny: Operation Carrot Patch	publisher	Infogrames
Perspecta	publisher	MIT Press for the Yale School of Architecture
Trials HD	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Trials HD	publisher	Ubisoft
The Heel of Achilles: Essays 1968–1973	publisher	Hutchinson
The Business of Dying	publisher	Bantam Books
The Business of Dying	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Infinities	publisher	Picador
Star Paws	publisher	Software Projects
SpaceStationSim	publisher	GSP
Marvel Super Hero Squad	publisher	THQ
Marvel Super Hero Squad	publisher	Vivendi Games
Foundation	publisher	Oxford University Press
Doctor Who and the Mines of Terror	publisher	Micro Power
Einstein's Monsters	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Pretzel	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Blue Sheep Reverie	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Soldier of the Mist	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Soldier of the Mist	publisher	Tor Books
Blood Lines	publisher	Hutchinson
Blood Lines	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
When the Legends Die	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Crack'd Pot Trail	publisher	PS Publishing
Crack'd Pot Trail	publisher	Tor Books
This River Awakens	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Indian Journal of Sexually Transmitted Diseases and AIDS	publisher	Medknow Publications
Ape Escape	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Wonder Woman Chronicles	publisher	DC Comics
Birthday Party Bash	publisher	2
Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bronx Is Burning	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Realms of Darkness	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Arthur Koestler	publisher	Frederick Ungar  and Oswald Wolff
The Other Side: The Secret Relationship Between Nazism and Zionism	publisher	Dar Ibn Rushd
List of Bakugan Battle Brawlers video games	publisher	Activision
List of Bakugan Battle Brawlers video games	publisher	Activision, Inc.
Wings of War	publisher	Gathering of Developers
A Dubious Legacy	publisher	Bantam Press
Arthur Koestler: The Story of a Friendship	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Umi Monogatari	publisher	Mag Garden
Umi Monogatari	publisher	Futabasha
Champions of Europe	publisher	TecMagik
International Journal of Sexuality and Gender Studies	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Andean Geology	publisher	National Geology and Mining Service
Kimagure Orange Road	publisher	Shueisha
CSI: Deadly Intent	publisher	Ubisoft
Bit.Trip Core	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Core	publisher	Gaijin Games
Working!!	publisher	Square Enix
Freddy Rides Again	publisher	A. A. Knopf
Freddy Rides Again	publisher	The Overlook Press
Freddy Rides Again	publisher	Recorded Books
Freddy Rides Again	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Between Hope and History	publisher	Random House
Annals of Transplantation	publisher	International Scientific Information on behalf of the Polish Transplantation Society
Dead to Rights	publisher	Namco
Putt & Putter	publisher	Sega
African Newsletter on Occupational Health and Safety	publisher	Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Journal of Legal Pluralism	publisher	Taylor & Francis
African Leaders State of Africa Report	publisher	African Presidential Archives and Research Center
African Leaders State of Africa Report	publisher	Boston University
M.I.A.: Mission in Asia	publisher	Game Factory Interactive
African Population Studies	publisher	Union for African Population Studies
African Research Review	publisher	International Association of African Researchers and Reviewers
The Virgin in the Ice	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Rock N’ Roll Climber	publisher	Nintendo
European Journal of Pharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Grid Runner	publisher	Virgin Interactive
European Journal of Immunology	publisher	Wiley-VCH
The American Journal of Pathology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Society for Investigative Pathology
The American Journal of Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
The Early Stories: 1953–1975	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
American Journal of Emergency Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Molecular Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan	publisher	Shueisha
World Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs & Prehistoric Creatures	publisher	Lorenz Books
Dinosaurs	publisher	Random House
Bluestar's Prophecy	publisher	HarperCollins
Feathered Dinosaurs: The Origin of Birds	publisher	CSIRO Press and Oxford University Press
Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History	publisher	Columbia University Press
Mammoths, Sabertooths, and Hominids	publisher	Columbia University Press
Atlas of the Prehistoric World	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Dinosaur Encyclopedia	publisher	DK Publishing
In the Presence of Dinosaurs	publisher	Time Life Medical
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tsūshin Taisen Mahjong Touryūmon	publisher	AQ Interactive
The Conveni 200X	publisher	Hamster Corporation
Leeds African Studies Bulletin	publisher	Leeds University Centre for African Studies
African Studies Review	publisher	African Studies Association
Massive Assault Network 2	publisher	Wargaming.net
Star Trek: Voyager – Elite Force	publisher	Activision
Star Trek: Voyager – Elite Force	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Dance Dance Revolution X2	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
African Studies Quarterly	publisher	Center for African Studies, University of Florida
The Castle of Adventure	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Matters of the Heart	publisher	Random House
African Study Monographs	publisher	Research Committee for African Area Studies, Kyoto University
African Symposium	publisher	African Educational Research Network
Hungry: A Mother and Daughter Fight Anorexia	publisher	Berkley Books
What They Did to Princess Paragon	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Comparative Literature Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
Blue Moon	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dragons of the Hourglass Mage	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mind Siege	publisher	Word Publishing
Ross School of Business	publisher	Stephen M. Ross School of Business
A Catskill Eagle	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Catskill Eagle	publisher	Dell Publishing
Death Troopers	publisher	Del Rey Books
My Soul Is Rested	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Shooting Love, 200X	publisher	Triangle Service
Chemical Vapor Deposition	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Higher Education	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Football Manager 2010	publisher	Sega
Australian Journal of Physics	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
Death to Spies: Moment of Truth	publisher	1
Macromolecular Rapid Communications	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Physics and Chemistry of Minerals	publisher	Springer Verlag
Mineralium Deposita	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Firestorm: Thunderhawk 2	publisher	Core Design
Asiamoney	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Boundary-Layer Meteorology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Bulletin of Volcanology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Wizard of Mars	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
The Idea of Justice	publisher	Allen Lane
The Idea of Justice	publisher	Harvard University Press
Journal of Statistical Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
ACM Transactions on Database Systems	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Cambodia, Pol Pot, and the United States	publisher	Praeger Publishers
Freddy and the Baseball Team from Mars	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Freddy and the Baseball Team from Mars	publisher	The Overlook Press
Infrared Physics and Technology	publisher	Elsevier
The Artist's Widow	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Artist's Widow	publisher	Moyer Bell Ltd.
Time Tunnel	publisher	US GOLD
Scum of the Earth	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Canyon Bomber	publisher	Atari, Inc
Turtles	publisher	Stern
Turtles	publisher	Sega
The Lamplighter	publisher	John P. Jewett and Company
Line Rider 2: Unbound	publisher	InXile Entertainment
Line Rider 2: Unbound	publisher	Genius Products
Line Rider 2: Unbound	publisher	Deep Silver
Atari Football	publisher	Atari
Battlefield Online	publisher	Neowiz Games
Advanced Engineering Materials	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
3-2-1, Rattle Battle!	publisher	Koei Tecmo
The Man from Pomegranate Street	publisher	Orion Books
Amazing Grace	publisher	Random House
Southern Lights	publisher	Random House
Iron Commando: Koutetsu no Senshi	publisher	Poppo
Family Slot Car Racing	publisher	Aksys Games
Bungalow 2	publisher	Random House
H.R.H.	publisher	Random House
Coming Out	publisher	Random House
Sisters	publisher	Random House
The Spook's Sacrifice	publisher	The Bodley Head, an imprint of Random House Children's Books
The House	publisher	Random House
Family Ties	publisher	Delacorte Press
Prehistoric Journey: A History of Life on Earth	publisher	Fulcrum Publishing
Miracle	publisher	Random House
Toxic Bachelors	publisher	Random House
Adrian Mole: The Prostrate Years	publisher	Michael Joseph
Kanji Sonomama Rakubiki Jiten DS	publisher	Nintendo
Impossible	publisher	Random House
Echoes	publisher	Random House
The Dinosauria	publisher	University of California Press
Safe Harbour	publisher	Random House
National Geographic Prehistoric Mammals	publisher	National Geographic Society
National Geographic Dinosaurs	publisher	National Geographic Society
Oceans of Kansas	publisher	Indiana University Press
Ransom	publisher	Random House
Grace and Truth	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Star Command	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Superleague Formula 2009: The Game	publisher	Self published by Image Space Incorporated
Babe	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Metal Saga: Season of Steel	publisher	Success
European Physical Journal E	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Rugby League 3	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
The Killer	publisher	Casterman
The Killer	publisher	Archaia Studios Press
Brave: A Warrior's Tale	publisher	Evolved Games
Brave: A Warrior's Tale	publisher	SouthPeak Interactive
Rack 'Em	publisher	Accolade
Hot Springs	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Last Pope	publisher	Saída de Emergência
Through the Valley of the Nest of Spiders	publisher	Magnus Books
Martian Time-Slip	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Art of Keeping Cool	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
Prophecy: The Fall of Trinadon	publisher	Activision
Gothic 3: Forsaken Gods	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
The Magicians	publisher	Viking Press
The Magicians	publisher	Penguin Books
Jambo! Safari	publisher	Sega
SWAT Elite Troops	publisher	Vivendi
Journal of the International Phonetic Association	publisher	Cambridge University Press  on behalf of the International Phonetic Association
A Sensible Life	publisher	Bantam Press
The Unwritten	publisher	Vertigo
Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems	publisher	Elsevier
Kaze ga Gotoku	publisher	Akita Shoten
Samorost 2	publisher	Amanita Design
Heroes of Newerth	publisher	Frostburn Studios
Metro 2033	publisher	THQ
Metro 2033	publisher	Deep Silver
International Journal of Sexual Health	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the World Association for Sexual Health
Drum	publisher	Janus Society
BS Super Mario USA Power Challenge	publisher	Nintendo
Cabela's Trophy Bucks	publisher	Activision
Book of Rhymes	publisher	Basic Civitas Books
Full Metal Daemon: Muramasa	publisher	Nitroplus
The British Film Catalogue	publisher	Routledge
The Marvels Project	publisher	Marvel Comics
César Birotteau	publisher	Charles-Béchet
Zero4 Champ RR	publisher	Media Rings
Pennsylvania Manual	publisher	Pennsylvania Department of General Services
Scooby-Doo! First Frights	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Starship Hector	publisher	Hudson Soft
Conan the Outcast	publisher	Tor Books
The Secret Saturdays: Beasts of the 5th Sun	publisher	D3 Publisher
Superman: The Game	publisher	First Star Software
Superman: The Game	publisher	Beyond Software, Telecomsoft, Prism Leisure
Johnny Bazookatone	publisher	U.S. Gold Ltd.
Active Life: Extreme Challenge	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
A Troubled Peace	publisher	HarperCollins
Gridrunner Revolution	publisher	Llamasoft
The Great Nebraska Sea	publisher	Galaxy Science Fiction
Zero4 Champ RR-Z	publisher	Media Rings Corporation
Submarine TITANS	publisher	Strategy First
European Journal of Clinical Pharmacology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Emarat Al Youm	publisher	Dubai Media Incorporated
Panzer General: Allied Assault	publisher	Ubisoft
Shipwreck	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Guardian	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Macromolecular Chemistry and Physics	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Pocket Bomberman	publisher	Nintendo
Amber and Blood	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Silent Hunter 5: Battle of the Atlantic	publisher	Ubisoft
Astro Battle 2009	publisher	Bally Manufacturing
The Quest of Kadji	publisher	Belmont Books
Worlds of Weber	publisher	Subterranean Press
Worlds of Weber	publisher	Baen Books
Worlds of Weber	publisher	Baen Ebooks
PictureBook Games: Pop-Up Pursuit	publisher	Nintendo
A Horse's Tale	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Transformers Revenge of the Fallen: Decepticons	publisher	Activision
Transformers Revenge of the Fallen: Decepticons	publisher	DreamWorks
Transformers Revenge of the Fallen: Decepticons	publisher	Paramount Pictures
Transformers Revenge of the Fallen: Decepticons	publisher	Hasbro
23 Hours	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Vampire Zero	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Lily Hoy Price	publisher	Brindle & Glass
Pavane for a Dead Girl	publisher	Mag Garden
Competitors	publisher	AST
Aftab Yazd	publisher	Mojtaba Vahedi
AquaZone: Life Simulator	publisher	Frontier Groove
My Horse & Me 2	publisher	Atari
The Wallypug of Why	publisher	Hutchinson & Co.
Gene	publisher	Elsevier
The World that was Ours	publisher	Persephone Books
Up Country	publisher	Warner Books
The Last Mission	publisher	Opera Soft
11eyes: Tsumi to Batsu to Aganai no Shōjo	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Saplings	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Portrait of Jennie	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Portrait of Jennie	publisher	The Ryerson Press
Physica	publisher	Elsevier
Physica	publisher	North-Holland
Dexter's Laboratory: Deesaster Strikes!	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Dust 514	publisher	CCP Games
Dust 514	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Genomics	publisher	Academic Press
The Depths of Time	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Atlas Black: Managing to Succeed	publisher	Flat World Knowledge
What Dreams May Come	publisher	Doubleday
Johnsonia	publisher	Museum of Comparative Zoology
Napoleon: Total War	publisher	Sega
Napoleon: Total War	publisher	Typhoon Games
Napoleon: Total War	publisher	Feral Interactive
Fable III	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Handbook of Porphyrin Science	publisher	World Scientific
Canadian Journal of Linguistics	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Canadian Linguistic Association
International Economic Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Fire Truck	publisher	Atari
Half a Life	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
The Raistlin Chronicles	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Dogs Bark	publisher	Random House
Jinnah: India, Partition, Independence	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Iron Man 2	publisher	Sega
Iron Man 2	publisher	Gameloft
Where Time Stood Still	publisher	Ocean Software
Crusade	publisher	Macmillan
Un début dans la vie	publisher	La Législature
Pyracurse	publisher	Hewson Consultants
CrimeWave	publisher	Eidos Interactive
CrimeWave	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Mantronix	publisher	Probe Software
Star Trek	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bobby Bearing	publisher	The Edge Software
99 Fables	publisher	1960
Revolution	publisher	U.S. Gold
Victoria II	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Blueprint for Disaster: The Unraveling of Chicago Public Housing	publisher	University Of Chicago Press
Journal of Computer and System Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Age of Heroes	publisher	Ras Games
Alien Highway	publisher	Vortex Software
Jupiter's Travels	publisher	Hamilton
Glider Rider	publisher	Quicksilva
Jason Jupiter	publisher	PC Plus
Killer Loop	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Hydrofool	publisher	Faster Than Light
A Touch of Dead	publisher	Ace Books
World of Warcraft: Cataclysm	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Sweevo's World	publisher	Gargoyle Games
Smiles to Go	publisher	Harper Collins
Tunnel Runner	publisher	CBS Electronics
My Heartbeat	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
October Island	publisher	Little, Brown
October Island	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Forum Mleczarskie	publisher	Nathusius Investments
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
An Imaginative Experience	publisher	Bantam Press
Annals of Saudi Medicine	publisher	King Faisal Specialist Hospital
ARMA 2: Operation Arrowhead	publisher	505
ARMA 2: Operation Arrowhead	publisher	Meridian 4
Journal of Neuroscience, Psychology, and Economics	publisher	American Psychological Association
Code of the Krillitanes	publisher	BBC Books
ACM Transactions on Networking	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and Association for Computing Machinery
Risa no Yōsei Densetsu	publisher	Konami
Minigore	publisher	Electronic Arts
MiG-29 Fulcrum	publisher	Domark
Western Folklore	publisher	Western States Folklore Society
Razing Storm	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Oberon Old and New	publisher	Hutchinson
Rollaround	publisher	Mastertronic
Three Dollars	publisher	Picador
ReBoot	publisher	Electronic Arts
ReBoot	publisher	Rainmaker Entertainment
Apache	publisher	Digital Integration
Kirel	publisher	Addictive Games
Marrakech	publisher	Zoch Verlag
Marrakech	publisher	Gigamic
Marrakech	publisher	Kaissa Chess & Games
SingStar Take That	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Phantom Club	publisher	Ocean Software
Molecule Man	publisher	Mastertronic
International Journal of Transgenderism	publisher	Routledge
Xatax	publisher	Pixel Painters
Saint Peter's Fair	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Look at the Birdie	publisher	Delacorte Press
Play for Your Life	publisher	Your Sinclair
Cytogenetic and Genome Research	publisher	Karger Publishers
Mel Kano	publisher	Shogakukan
Taking On the System	publisher	Penguin Group
Arnhem	publisher	SSI , CCS
Over the Reich	publisher	Avalon Hill
Knight Crusader	publisher	Oxford University Press
Prison Break: The Conspiracy	publisher	Deep Silver
Mindfighter	publisher	Activision
Fairlight II	publisher	The Edge Software
Daaku	publisher	New Star Books Ltd.
Diogenes	publisher	SAGE Publications
Battle Command	publisher	Ocean Software
Teppu	publisher	Kodansha
The Wizard of Linn	publisher	Ace Books
Gnome Ranger	publisher	Level 9
Ingrid's Back	publisher	Level 9
Jewels of Darkness	publisher	Rainbird Software
Gangstar: West Coast Hustle	publisher	Gameloft
Time and Magik	publisher	Mandarin Software
Batman: The Widening Gyre	publisher	DC Comics
Paper Toss	publisher	Backflip Studios
Of Walking In Ice	publisher	Free Association
Knight Orc	publisher	Rainbird Software
Paper Toss: World Tour	publisher	Backflip Studios
Fairy Tales Told for Children. First Collection.	publisher	C. A. Reitzel
Rica 'tte Kanji!%3F	publisher	Anise
Dead Nation	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Twitter Power	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
When It Was Dark	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
The Adventures of Jack Ransom	publisher	Altman Publishing
Part of the Furniture	publisher	Bantam Press
Agronomy for Sustainable Development	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media, on behalf of the Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique
The Addams Family	publisher	Sunsoft
The Addams Family	publisher	Ocean Software
The Addams Family	publisher	MC2-Microïds
ZooKeys	publisher	Pensoft Publishers
The Dukes of Hazzard: Racing for Home	publisher	SouthPeak Games
The Dukes of Hazzard: Racing for Home	publisher	Ubisoft
Virtual Pool	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Insectivorous Plants	publisher	John Murray
Thunderstrike	publisher	Millennium Interactive
Journal of Anthropological Archaeology	publisher	Elsevier
Falcon Patrol II	publisher	Virgin Interactive
South of Broad	publisher	Doubleday
Campaign II	publisher	Empire Interactive
Angel Time	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Emerald Isle	publisher	Level 9 Computing
Lancelot	publisher	Mandarin Software
Scapeghost	publisher	Level 9
F-16 Combat Pilot	publisher	Digital Integration
F-16 Combat Pilot	publisher	Action Sixteen Premier
F-16 Combat Pilot	publisher	Electronic Arts
Acta Entomologica Musei Nationalis Pragae	publisher	National Museum
Alzheimer Disease and Associated Disorders	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Online	publisher	Information Today, Inc.
Bored of the Rings	publisher	Delta 4, CRL Group
The Boggit	publisher	CRL Group
Undead Knights	publisher	Tecmo Koei
American Atheist Magazine	publisher	American Atheists, Inc
Black Tears	publisher	Lancer Books
Oncogene	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
NHL 11	publisher	EA Sports
Cancer	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the American Cancer Society
Iowa Law Review	publisher	University of Iowa College of Law
The Mahabharata	publisher	Heinemann
The Mahabharata	publisher	Viking Press
The Ramayana	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Lair of the Ice Worm	publisher	Lancer Books
The Emerald Route	publisher	Indian Thought Publications
Farside Cannon	publisher	Baen Books
My Dateless Diary	publisher	Indian Thought Publications
Professional Ski Simulator	publisher	Codemasters
Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne	publisher	Tor Books
Big Brain Wolf	publisher	Frima Studio
Dream Club	publisher	D3 Publisher
Next Sunday	publisher	Pearl Publications
Macroeconomic Dynamics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
A Writer's Nightmare	publisher	Penguin Books
The Tomorrow People	publisher	Pyramid
SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing	publisher	Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Papa Was a Preacher	publisher	Abingdon Press
Reluctant Guru	publisher	Orient Paperbacks
Far Out	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Rapala Fishing Frenzy 2009	publisher	Activision
Frankenstein	publisher	CRL Group
Jack the Ripper	publisher	CRL Group
Dracula	publisher	CRL Group
Je voudrais pas crever	publisher	Jean-Jacques Pauvert
MegaTraveller 1: The Zhodani Conspiracy	publisher	Paragon Software
Wolfman	publisher	CRL Group
The Last Word	publisher	Renown Publications
Unbuilt America	publisher	Abbeville Press
Fish!	publisher	Rainbird Software
Corruption	publisher	Rainbird Software
Myth	publisher	Rainbird Software
Subsunk	publisher	Firebird Software
Seabase Delta	publisher	Firebird Software
Journal of Applied Biomechanics	publisher	International Society of Biomechanics
Traxx	publisher	Quicksilva
A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories	publisher	The Bodley Head Ltd
Blacklight: Tango Down	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
Janline	publisher	Recom
Grandmother's Tale	publisher	Indian Thought Publications
Malgudi Days	publisher	Indian Thought Publications
Journal of English and Germanic Philology	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Philological Quarterly	publisher	University of Iowa, Department of English
Zone Policeman 88	publisher	1913
The Law of Nines	publisher	Putnam Adult
Toyota Celica GT	publisher	Gremlin
Cybernoid II: The Revenge	publisher	Hewson Consultants
The Arc of Yesod	publisher	Thor Computer Software
Ranger X	publisher	Sega
Sordello	publisher	Edward Moxon
Kokotoni Wilf	publisher	Elite Systems
Ramayana	publisher	Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan
Mahabharata	publisher	Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan
Beyond the Ice Palace	publisher	Elite Systems
A Princess of Landover	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Princess of Landover	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Private Life of an Indian Prince	publisher	Hutchinson
Studies in Higher Education	publisher	Routledge
Freddy the Pilot	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Eclipse Phase	publisher	Posthuman Studios
Wizards of Waverly Place	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Heart Association
Sidewize	publisher	Firebird Software
Mytran Wars	publisher	Deep Silver
European Heart Journal	publisher	Oxford University Press
Crosswize	publisher	Firebird Software
Heartland	publisher	Odin Computer Graphics
The Plot	publisher	Firebird Software
Cirque du Freak	publisher	Shogakukan
Child's Play	publisher	
Star Weiss	publisher	TouchWood Editions
Jack the Nipper	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication	publisher	John Murray
Jack the Nipper II: In Coconut Capers	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
American Economic Journal	publisher	American Economic Association
Nothing More Than Murder	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder	publisher	Random House
BMX Simulator	publisher	Codemasters
Future Knight	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Light Force	publisher	Faster Than Light
Televi-Kun	publisher	Shogakukan
The Road to Middle-Earth	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Rugby 2004	publisher	EA Sports
Absolute Return + Alpha	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Sakura Note: Ima ni Tsunagaru Mirai	publisher	Marvelous Entertainment
A Failure of Capitalism	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Colorful Character	publisher	Standard Magazines, Inc.
Journal of Palliative Medicine	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert
NBA 2K9	publisher	2
Notes on Linguistics	publisher	Summer Institute of Linguistics
Ōkamiden	publisher	Capcom
Crash Bandicoot Purple: Ripto's Rampage and Spyro Orange: The Cortex Conspiracy	publisher	Vivendi Games
Derby Girl	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Homer & Langley	publisher	Random House
The Patience of the Spider	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Patience of the Spider	publisher	Picador
The Paper Moon	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Paper Moon	publisher	Picador
Stark Naked: A Paranomastic Odyssey	publisher	Random House
San Francisco Rush: Extreme Racing	publisher	Atari Games
San Francisco Rush: Extreme Racing	publisher	Midway Games
Spec Ops: Rangers Lead the Way	publisher	Ripcord Games, Take-Two Interactive, Sold-Out Software
Spec Ops II: Green Berets	publisher	Ripcord Games
Spec Ops II: Green Berets	publisher	Talonsoft
Truckin' Magazine	publisher	Source Interlink
Championship Manager 2010	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Clinical Cancer Research	publisher	American Association for Cancer Research
The Grandmother's Tale and Selected Stories	publisher	Viking Press
Carter Finally Gets It	publisher	Hyperion Books
Bomberman Live: Battlefest	publisher	Hudson Soft
In Deep	publisher	Berkeley Medallion Books
NBA 2K10	publisher	2
Second Nature	publisher	Delta
Anticancer Research	publisher	International Institute of Anticancer Research
Cancer Immunology, Immunotherapy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Cancer Chemotherapy and Pharmacology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Microsoft Children's Miracle Network Games Bundle	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
True Compass	publisher	Twelve
Invisible Life	publisher	Anchor
The City of Pleasure	publisher	First Edition:
The City of Pleasure	publisher	the General Organization for Cultural Centers 1997
The City of Pleasure	publisher	Second Edition:
The City of Pleasure	publisher	Elain Publishing House 2009
English Today	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Journal of Child Language	publisher	Cambridge University Press
ReCALL	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Journal of American Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Disney Magicboard Online	publisher	The Walt Disney Company
Journal of General Internal Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Journal of Oncology	publisher	Spandidos Publications
Journal of Low Temperature Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Last Shot	publisher	Knopf Books for Young Readers
How the Scots Invented the Modern World	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
How the Scots Invented the Modern World	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Typing of the Dead 2	publisher	Sega
Fighting Vipers 2	publisher	Sega
International Journal of Jaina Studies	publisher	School of Oriental and African Studies
International Journal of Jaina Studies	publisher	University of London
Mean Streets	publisher	Roc Books
Yo-Ho Kablammo	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Irozuki Tincle no Koi no Balloon Trip	publisher	Nintendo
The Primrose Ring	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Some Came Running	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Stone Raft	publisher	Caminho
The Stone Raft	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Marvel Zombies Return	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Perfect Specimen	publisher	New York Liveright Publishing Corporation
The Sending	publisher	Penguin Books
The Sending	publisher	Random House
The Sending	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Names in Marble	publisher	Estonian Publishers' Cooperative
Hawlati	publisher	Ranj Publishing House
Kentish Gazette	publisher	KM Group
Shank	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Rabbits Who Caused All the Trouble	publisher	Harper & Brothers
You're Another	publisher	Mercury Press
Challenge of the Five Realms	publisher	MicroProse
Wedge: The Secret War between the FBI and CIA	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Wedge: The Secret War between the FBI and CIA	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Disney Version	publisher	Simon & Schuster
In Mortal Hands	publisher	Bloomsbury
Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective	publisher	Capcom
WaterRace	publisher	French Touch, SàRL
Insight Turkey	publisher	Foundation for Political, Economic and Social Research
The Stolen Lake	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Journal of Child Sexual Abuse	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Gay and Lesbian Social Services	publisher	Routledge
Comic Jumper: The Adventures of Captain Smiley	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Monsters	publisher	Paperback Library
The Sanctuary Sparrow	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Joker: Devil's Advocate	publisher	DC Comics
Creepers	publisher	CDS Books
Atlantis The Lost Empire: Search for the Journal	publisher	Disney Interactive
Milking The Rhino	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing
Atlantis The Lost Empire: Trial by Fire	publisher	Disney Interactive
Kaiser Knuckle	publisher	Taito
Dreamkiller	publisher	Aspyr
2 States: The Story of My Marriage	publisher	Haidar Ali
The Scientific World Journal	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
61 Hours	publisher	Bantam Press
61 Hours	publisher	Dell Publishing
Lego Bionicle	publisher	Lego Software
JumpStart 1st Grade	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
JumpStart Advanced 1st Grade	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
The Guard	publisher	Elain Publishing House
Journal of the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Sex Education and Therapy	publisher	Guildford Press
Alien Logic: A Skyrealms of Jorune Adventure	publisher	Strategic Simulations
World Snooker Championship 2007	publisher	Sega
Novy Vzglyad	publisher	Yevgeny Dodolev
First Empire: The International Magazine for the Napoleonic Enthusiast, Historian, and Gamer	publisher	First Empire Ltd.
Sweet Tooth	publisher	Vertigo
Modern Combat: Sandstorm	publisher	Gameloft
The Cry of the Halidon	publisher	Delacorte Press
Tenth Grade Bleeds	publisher	Speak
Twelfth Grade Kills	publisher	Speak
Eleventh Grade Burns	publisher	Speak
Alcatraz: Prison Escape	publisher	Activision Value
Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode I	publisher	Sega
LostWinds 2: Winter of the Melodias	publisher	Frontier Developments
ACM Transactions on Computational Logic	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
The Talisman	publisher	Del Rey Books
Loon Lake	publisher	Random House
IRB: Ethics & Human Research	publisher	Hastings Center
Journal of Nuclear Cardiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Journal of Geometric Methods in Modern Physics	publisher	World Scientific
Der Spiegel-Profil	publisher	Evgeny Dodolev
Der Spiegel-Profil	publisher	Rodionov Publishing House
Biotechnology and Bioengineering	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Madballs in Babo: Invasion	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Madballs in Babo: Invasion	publisher	Valve Corporation
D. D. Crew	publisher	Sega
Capcom Platinum Hits Triple Pack	publisher	Capcom
Riot City	publisher	Sega
The Flash	publisher	DC Comics
Space Crusade	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
HeroQuest	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Grand Prix Simulator	publisher	Codemasters
Heat and Mass Transfer	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Veracity	publisher	Simon & Schuster's Pocket
Tropic Moon	publisher	Éditions Fayard
Greek Street	publisher	Vertigo
Rivers of Babylon	publisher	Garnett Press
Hoshiuta	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Misadventures of P.B. Winterbottom	publisher	2
Angel	publisher	Shogakukan
Angel	publisher	Cybele Publishing
Angel	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Arabic Sciences and Philosophy	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Deep Scan	publisher	Sega
The Collected Ghost Stories of M. R. James	publisher	Edward Arnold
Wrecked: Revenge Revisited	publisher	505
A Thin Ghost and Others	publisher	Edward Arnold
A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories	publisher	Edward Arnold
Runt	publisher	Clarion Books
Red Colored Elegy	publisher	Shogakukan
Green Lantern	publisher	DC Comics
Fate: The Traitor Soul	publisher	WildTangent
Fate: The Traitor Soul	publisher	Encore Software
Hominid	publisher	FZA Verlag
The Very Thought of You	publisher	Alma Books
August Heat	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
August Heat	publisher	Picador
Elektronikpraxis	publisher	Vogel Business Media
The Sound of Fishsteps	publisher	Remzi Kitabevi
The Quest Begins	publisher	HarperCollins
Stranger with My Face	publisher	Random House
Child of All Nations	publisher	Penguin
Time Enough	publisher	Ziff-Davis Publishing Company
Your Pilot's License	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Birds of America	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Le Maintien de l’ordre	publisher	Gallimard
Blue Exorcist	publisher	Shueisha
Thing of Beauty	publisher	Galaxy Publishing Corporation
NBA 2K	publisher	Sega Sports
Search the Sky	publisher	Ballantine Books
Gigandes	publisher	East Technology
Pelé II: World Tournament Soccer	publisher	Accolade
NBA 2K1	publisher	Sega
Mathematical Proceedings of the Cambridge Philosophical Society	publisher	Cambridge University Press for the Cambridge Philosophical Society
The Enemy	publisher	Mercury Press
Putt-Putt Joins the Parade	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Putt-Putt Enters the Race	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
The Cream of the Jest	publisher	Robert M. McBride & Company
Riddim Ribbon feat. The Black Eyed Peas	publisher	Tapulous
Fallout Online	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Lianhe Wanbao	publisher	Singapore Press Holdings
Phantasy Star Portable 2	publisher	Sega
Osiris Rising	publisher	Per Ankh
Topic Continuity in Discourse	publisher	John Benjamins
Monsters of Men	publisher	*
Monsters of Men	publisher	Walker Books
Monsters of Men	publisher	Candlewick Press
International Journal of Manpower	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
The Kings of New York	publisher	Gotham Books
Sozaboy: A Novel in Rotten English	publisher	Saros International Publishers
Genes to Cells	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Galactica: Anno Dominari	publisher	VendorNation Publishing
Galactica: Anno Dominari	publisher	Monkey Byte Development, LLC
An Awfully Big Adventure	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Becoming Batman: The Possibility of a Superhero	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Fast Track	publisher	9.9
Malacologia	publisher	Institute of Malacology
Acacia: The Other Lands	publisher	Doubleday
Transformers	publisher	IDW Publishing
Current Eye Research	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Guy's Hospital Reports	publisher	Guy's Hospital
Out of the Ashes	publisher	Kensington Pub. Corp
Out of the Ashes	publisher	Pinnacle
Bomberman Blitz	publisher	Hudson Soft
Book of Enchantments	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology	publisher	Informa
The Anome	publisher	Dell Publishing
Mieru Hito	publisher	Shueisha
Sanvein	publisher	Success , Midas Interactive Entertainment , A1 Games
Shantae: Risky's Revenge	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Geist: The Sin-Eaters	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
The Collected Poems of Freddy the Pig	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Tomodachi Collection	publisher	Nintendo
American Journal of Primatology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Animal Biology	publisher	Brill Publishers on behalf of the Royal Dutch Zoological Society
Cell Communication & Adhesion	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Climacteric	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Cellular and Molecular Life Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Free Radical Research	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Journal of Supply Chain Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Assassin's Creed II: Discovery	publisher	Ubisoft
Growth Factors	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Foreign Policy Analysis	publisher	Oxford University Press and Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association
Dark Salvation	publisher	Mangled Eye Studios
David Crane's Amazing Tennis	publisher	Absolute Entertainment
The Golden Horde	publisher	JoWood
The Golden Horde	publisher	Russobit-M
Superior Soldiers	publisher	Irem
Macromolecular Materials and Engineering	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Macromolecular Bioscience	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Samachar Darpan	publisher	Baptist Missionary Society
Molecular Membrane Biology	publisher	Informa
Quaternary Geochronology	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Neurogenetics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Mitochondrial DNA	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Chaplin: A Life	publisher	Arcade Publishing
Petit Albert	publisher	Héritiers de Beringos fratres
Ta•o Taido	publisher	Video System
Last Mission	publisher	Data East
The Pyramid. The Soviet Mafia	publisher	APS
Annals of Human Biology	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Journal of Fish Biology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Super Smash Bros.	publisher	Nintendo
New Writings in SF 23	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Dance Dance Revolution: Best of Cool Dancers	publisher	Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Sneeze	publisher	Channel 4 / Wellcome Trust
NBA 2K2	publisher	Sega
Twisted Scriptures	publisher	Zondervan
Acres of Skin	publisher	Routledge
Zombie Apocalypse	publisher	Konami
Urbatagirk	publisher	Hakob Meghapart
End the Fed	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Stargazer	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Towers of Midnight	publisher	Tor Books
Towers of Midnight	publisher	Orbit Books
Aspects of the Theory of Syntax	publisher	MIT Press
Journal of Arabic and Islamic Studies	publisher	Oslo University
Get Happy: The Life of Judy Garland	publisher	Random House
Free Love and Other Stories	publisher	Virago Press
Death Track: Resurrection	publisher	1
4x4 Hummer	publisher	505
Alien Incident	publisher	GameTek
Shogun Warriors	publisher	Sammy
Shogun Warriors	publisher	Kaneko
The Kung-Fu Master Jackie Chan	publisher	Kaneko
Dimiter	publisher	Forge Books
Industry 2.0	publisher	9.9
Logistics 2.0	publisher	9.9
Les clefs de babel	publisher	Syros
Lectures on Government and Binding	publisher	Foris Publications
A Week in December	publisher	Hutchinson
A Week in December	publisher	Doubleday
Keynes: The Return of the Master	publisher	Allen Lane
Review of Philosophy and Psychology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Survival Arts	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Build 'n Race	publisher	Zoo Games
Hollywood Monsters	publisher	Dinamic Multimedia
Hollywood Monsters	publisher	FX Interactive
Corsair	publisher	Putnam
Burning Rival	publisher	Sega
Der Landser	publisher	Pabel Moewig, a subsidiary of Bauer Media Group
Jæger – i krig med eliten	publisher	People’s Press
Violence Fight	publisher	Taito
German Economic Review	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Verein für Socialpolitik
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II – Chaos Rising	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II – Chaos Rising	publisher	Sega
Macromolecular Reaction Engineering	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Red Wolf Conspiracy	publisher	Del Rey Books  and
The Red Wolf Conspiracy	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Stuck In Neutral	publisher	HarperTeen
Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison	publisher	Shadow Mountain
Measle and the Dragodon	publisher	Oxford University Press
New Writings in SF 24	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Transition	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Tokyo Majin Gakuen Gehōchō: Keppūroku	publisher	Marvelous Entertainment
Inspector Gadget: Gadget's Crazy Maze	publisher	Ubisoft Montreal
Inspector Gadget: Gadget's Crazy Maze	publisher	DIC Entertainment
Gadget & the Gadgetinis	publisher	Hip Games
Inspector Gadget: Advance Mission	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Inspector Gadget and the Circus of Fear	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Saboten Bombers	publisher	Tecmo
Macromolecular Theory and Simulations	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Fortress	publisher	Square Enix
Wireless Personal Communications	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Artificial Cells, Blood Substitutes, and Biotechnology	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Inspector Gadget: Operation Madkactus	publisher	Ubi Soft
Inspector Gadget: Operation Madkactus	publisher	Light & Shadow Production
The Settlers 7: Paths to a Kingdom	publisher	Ubisoft
Skunny: Back to the Forest	publisher	Copysoft
Dunes of War	publisher	JoWood
Dunes of War	publisher	GFI Software
Dunes of War	publisher	Russobit-M
An Echo in the Bone	publisher	Delacorte Press
Star Trek: The Rebel Universe	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wolf Guy	publisher	Bunkasha
Wolf Guy	publisher	Akita Shoten
American on Purpose	publisher	HarperCollins
American on Purpose	publisher	Imprint
Hide-and-Seek	publisher	Smith & Smith Publications
Biotechnic & Histochemistry	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Biological Stain Commission
Biocatalysis & Biotransformation	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Kangazang!	publisher	Candy Jar Books
Where's My Water%3F	publisher	Disney Mobile
Disney's Extremely Goofy Skateboarding	publisher	Disney Interactive
Bucky O'Hare	publisher	Konami
Rage of the Gladiator	publisher	Ghostfire Games
Rage of the Gladiator	publisher	Gamelion Studios
Encyclopedia of Chicago	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Super Monkey Ball: Step & Roll	publisher	Sega
Ardea	publisher	Netherlands Ornithologists' Union
Letters in Mathematical Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Gyromancer	publisher	Square Enix
New Writings in SF 21	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
The Alabaster Staff	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Black Bouquet	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Crimson Gold	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Yellow Silk	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Galileo's Dream	publisher	HarperVoyager
List of Tomb Raider media	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Nazi Officer's Wife	publisher	Rob Weibach Books
The Nazi Officer's Wife	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Wikmani poisid	publisher	Eesti Raamat
Barack and Michelle	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Veterinary Parasitology	publisher	Elsevier
Biomechanics and Modeling in Mechanobiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Applied Polymer Science	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Microsystem Technologies	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Polymer Science Part A	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Double Deuce	publisher	Putnam Adult
An Empire of Their Own	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Tituba of Salem Village	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell
Powerless	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tango	publisher	Cardigan Comics
Tokimeki Memorial 4	publisher	Konami
Journals of Ayn Rand	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Vampirates: Empire of Night	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Animal Science	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf  of the British Society of Animal Science
Derby Stallion	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
Derby Stallion	publisher	Media Factory
Bismoi	publisher	Bismoi Prakash, Hedayetpur, Guwahati
Journal of Literary Theory	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Kentish Express	publisher	KM Group
New Phytologist	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Warau Michael	publisher	Hakusensha
Information and Computation	publisher	Elsevier
Arguing with Idiots	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Themelios	publisher	The Gospel Coalition
Into the Eagle's Nest	publisher	Mindscape
Into the Eagle's Nest	publisher	Atari Corporation
Zoids: The Battle Begins	publisher	Martech
Macadam Bumper	publisher	ERE Informatique
Macadam Bumper	publisher	Personal Software Services
Macadam Bumper	publisher	Accolade
The Ancient Art of War at Sea	publisher	Brøderbund
The Winner	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Mini-Putt	publisher	Accolade
Stratosphere: Conquest of the Skies	publisher	Ripcord Games
The Computer Edition of Scrabble	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Championship Baseball	publisher	Activision
Antz	publisher	Infogrames
Indoor Sports	publisher	Mindscape
Indoor Sports	publisher	Databyte, Advance, Tynesoft
Skyfox II: The Cygnus Conflict	publisher	Electronic Arts
On-Court Tennis	publisher	Activision
Halls of Montezuma: A Battle History of the U.S. Marine Corps	publisher	Strategic Studies Group
Power!	publisher	Durell Software
TNK III	publisher	SNK
TNK III	publisher	Ocean Software
Snoopy Flying Ace	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Lost World	publisher	Fuji Shobo
Lost World	publisher	Akita Shoten
Tampa Review	publisher	The University of Tampa
Ship of Destiny	publisher	Voyager Books
Kuruneko	publisher	Enterbrain
Journal of Cellular Biochemistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
International Journal of Food Sciences and Nutrition	publisher	Informa
Going Rogue	publisher	Harper and Zondervan
New Writings in SF 13	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 14	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Flying Heroes	publisher	Take 2 Interactive
Off Center	publisher	Ace Books
Super Street Fighter IV	publisher	Capcom
Ebonstar	publisher	MicroIllusions
Owen Wister Review	publisher	University of Wyoming
The Universal Military Simulator	publisher	Rainbird Software
Black Warrior Review	publisher	University of Alabama
Home Is the Sailor	publisher	Editora Record
Scandinavian Journal of Infectious Diseases	publisher	Informa
Protein Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of NeuroVirology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Ultraman Fighting Evolution 3	publisher	Banpresto
Shakespeare Wrote for Money	publisher	McSweeney's
Tactical Intervention	publisher	OGPlanet
A Nest of Occasionals	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Sanctified and Chicken Fried	publisher	University of Texas Press
Project 17	publisher	Hyperion Books
Fair Land, Fair Land	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Arsenal of Democracy	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Quarterly West	publisher	University of Utah
Enslaved: Odyssey to the West	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Joe Danger	publisher	Hello Games
Married to Music	publisher	Robson Books
Ultraman Fighting Evolution 2	publisher	Banpresto
DJ Hero 2	publisher	Activision
For the Glory	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki	publisher	Nippon IPS
The Pregnant Widow	publisher	Jonathan Cape
All in a Lifetime	publisher	Robert M. McBride
Hot Wheels Battle Force 5	publisher	Activision
Wooden Ships and Iron Men	publisher	Avalon Hill
A Penguin's Troubles	publisher	Shogakukan
Global Commander	publisher	Martech
Global Commander	publisher	Datasoft
PT-109	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte
Confrontation	publisher	Long Island University
Ordinary Thunderstorms	publisher	Bloomsbury
LocoRoco Midnight Carnival	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Just Don't Make a Scene, Mum!	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
On Jungle Trails	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes Co.
Weber	publisher	Weber State University
Kobo, the Li'l Rascal	publisher	Soyosha
Kobo, the Li'l Rascal	publisher	Houbunsha
International Catalogue of Scientific Literature	publisher	Royal Society of London
Fighting Fantasy: The Warlock of Firetop Mountain	publisher	Aspyr
The New American Diet	publisher	Rodale, Inc.
CirKis	publisher	Winning Moves
CirKis	publisher	Winning Moves France
CirKis	publisher	Winning Moves Germany
CirKis	publisher	Winning Moves UK
CirKis	publisher	Hasbro
The Astronomy and Astrophysics Review	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Van Morrison: No Surrender	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Super Radical Gag Family	publisher	Akita Shoten
Annals of Medicine	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
The Raspberry Ice Cream War	publisher	European Commission
European Journal of Physiotherapy	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Experimental Mechanics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Nonlinear Dynamics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Materials and Structures	publisher	Springer International Publishing AG
Archive of Applied Mechanics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
I Think I'll Just Curl Up and Die!	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Journal of Materials Science: Materials in Electronics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
What a Week Omnibus Books 1-3	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Space Science Reviews	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Tao of Wu	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Tao of Wu	publisher	Berkley Books
The Tao of Wu	publisher	Penguin Books USA
Kat Kong	publisher	Harcourt Brace & Company
Zuma's Revenge!	publisher	PopCap Games
Where's Waldo%3F The Fantastic Journey	publisher	Ubisoft
Where's Waldo%3F The Fantastic Journey	publisher	DreamWorks Classics
Roadwars	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Rockford	publisher	Mastertronic
Dive Bomber	publisher	U.S. Gold
Dive Bomber	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Genetica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Sunset on Third Street	publisher	Shogakukan
How Could You Do This to Me, Mum%3F	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
ACM Computing Surveys	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Does Anyone Ever Listen%3F	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Inc. India	publisher	9.9
Proceedings of the IEEE	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Carnivores	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Trailer Life	publisher	Affinity Group Inc.
Lustrum	publisher	Hutchinson
Masters of the Universe	publisher	DC Comics
Masters of the Universe	publisher	Marvel Comics
Masters of the Universe	publisher	Egmont Group
Masters of the Universe	publisher	Image Comics
Oh. My. Gods.	publisher	Penguin Group
Andromeda Klein	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Godly Man's Picture	publisher	Banner of Truth Trust
The Secrets of Love	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
What a Week to Risk it All	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
The German Lesson	publisher	Hoffmann und Campe
The German Lesson	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Summer of Secrets	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Music for Mechanics	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Tōgi Ō: King Colossus	publisher	Sega
Chelo's Burden	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa	publisher	Cassell
The People, Yes	publisher	Harcourt
A Morbid Taste for Bones	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Atta	publisher	A. A. Wyn
Jacob's Rescue	publisher	Random House
Storyteller	publisher	Arcade Publishing
The Storyteller	publisher	Planeta Group
The Defence of the Realm	publisher	Allen Lane
Journal of Thermal Spray Technology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ASM International
A Certain Scientific Railgun	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Archives of Computational Methods in Engineering	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Cate West: The Vanishing Files	publisher	Real Arcade
Cate West: The Vanishing Files	publisher	Destineer Games
Cate West: The Vanishing Files	publisher	Oxygen Interactive Software
Mathematics of Control, Signals, and Systems	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Las Mujeres Perdidas	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Mistmare	publisher	Strategy First
Tears from Heaven	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
House of Raging Women	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Rocket Knight	publisher	Konami
Now They Call Me Infidel	publisher	Sentinel
Cruel and Usual Punishment	publisher	Thomas Nelson
High Vacuum	publisher	Ballantine Books
Freddy and Simon the Dictator	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Freddy and Simon the Dictator	publisher	The Overlook Press
The UnDutchables	publisher	White-Boucke Publishing
Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers	publisher	HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing
Journal of Gender Studies	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Barack the Barbarian	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
72 Things Younger Than John McCain	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense	publisher	Crown Business
Disney Sing It: Pop Hits	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Van Morrison: Too Late to Stop Now	publisher	Penguin Group
Van Morrison: Too Late to Stop Now	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Wolf: The Journey Home	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Our Father Who Art in the Tree	publisher	Penguin Books Australia
Dragoon Might	publisher	Konami
Knuckle Bash	publisher	Toaplan
Knuckle Bash	publisher	Atari Games
Susume! Taisen Puzzle Dama: Tōkon! Marutama Chō	publisher	Konami
The King of the Elves	publisher	H. L. Gold
International Journal of Thermophysics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Report to the Principal's Office	publisher	Scholastic
Timeliner	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Mountain King	publisher	CBS
Dead in the Family	publisher	Ace Books
Mounting Fears	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Roomsaver	publisher	Travel Media Group
Journal of Sol-Gel Science and Technology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Collapse	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Journal of Neurophysiology	publisher	American Physiological Society
Darius Force	publisher	Taito
Die Pharmazie	publisher	Govi-Verlag
Mach 1: A Story of Planet Ionus	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Cudahy
The Ring Volume 0: Birthday	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Solitaire Royale	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
Pharaoh's Revenge	publisher	Publishing International
Final Assault	publisher	Infogrames
Fortress	publisher	Majesco Games
New York Dead	publisher	HarperCollins; HarperTorch ; Harper Premium
Swimming to Catalina	publisher	HarperCollins; HarperTorch ; Harper Premium
Dead in the Water	publisher	HarperCollins; HarperTorch ; Harper Premium
Isaiah Eleven	publisher	Research Associates School Times Publishing
Journal of Materials Science: Materials in Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Biomedical Microdevices	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Cut Numbers	publisher	Harmony Books
Freezing	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Sonic Wings Limited	publisher	Video System
Camera, Camera, Camera	publisher	Shinshokan
Clear Skies!	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The God Boy	publisher	Penguin
Best Friends Together	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Phytomedicine	publisher	Elsevier
Space Harrier 3-D	publisher	Sega
Best Friends Getting Sorted	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Flaws in the Glass	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Public Administration Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society for Public Administration
Her Fearful Symmetry	publisher	Random House
Tulane Journal of Technology and Intellectual Property	publisher	Tulane University Law School
ACM Computing Reviews	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
The Land of Green Plums	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
The Land of Green Plums	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Journal of Neurotherapy	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Neurotherapy	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Unincorporated Man	publisher	Tor Books
Best Friends in Love	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Total chaos	publisher	
Solea	publisher	
Tenchi Muyo! War on Geminar	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Tenchi Muyo! War on Geminar	publisher	Ichijinsha
Chourmo	publisher	
What a Week to Get Real	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Netzone	publisher	GameTek
Journal of Software: Evolution and Process	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
A Fairy Tale	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Journal of Documentation	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Frankensteins of Fraud	publisher	Obsidian Publishing
Montecore: The Silence of the Tiger	publisher	Norstedts
The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí	publisher	Dial Press
The Five Thousand Year Leap	publisher	National Center for Constitutional Studies
New York	publisher	Century Hutchinson
New York	publisher	Doubleday
The Sundowners	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Sundowners	publisher	Thomas Werner Laurie
PokéPark Wii: Pikachu's Adventure	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Journal of Sexual Aggression	publisher	Routledge
Requiem for a Fish	publisher	Liana Levi
Resistance 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Rutgers Law Journal	publisher	Rutgers School of Law–Camden
The European Journal of Contraception & Reproductive Health Care	publisher	Taylor & Francis
XDM: X-Treme Dungeon Mastery	publisher	Tayler Publishing
Mashiroiro Symphony	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
In the Hand of Dante	publisher	Little, Brown
This Book Is Not Good for You	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
The Last Opium Den	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Theoria	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Stiftelsen Theoria
Eight Months on Ghazzah Street	publisher	Viking Press
The Warlock of Firetop Mountain	publisher	Puffin Books
The Birds of Haiti and the Dominican Republic	publisher	Smithsonian Institution
Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Catalypse	publisher	Genias
Melodies and Guns	publisher	UBSPD, Delhi
New Writings in SF 20	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Point Omega	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
European Journal of Neuroscience	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
New Writings in SF 19	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Power on Earth	publisher	Arbor House
Dino	publisher	Doubleday
Campfire Legends – The Hookman	publisher	GameHouse
Impossible Motherhood	publisher	Other Press
Thud Ridge: American Aces In 'Nam	publisher	Three-Sixty Pacific
Where Dead Voices Gather	publisher	Little, Brown
The Devil and Sonny Liston	publisher	Little, Brown
The QI Book of the Dead	publisher	Faber and Faber
Small GTPases	publisher	Taylor & Francis
New Writings in SF 17	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 18	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Destry Rides Again	publisher	Reader's League of America .
The Quiet War	publisher	Gollancz
Touch the Dark	publisher	Roc Books
Dreams of My Russian Summers	publisher	Mercure de France
Dreams of My Russian Summers	publisher	Arcade Publishing
S	publisher	Taiyoh Tosho
U-Sing	publisher	Mindscape
U-Sing	publisher	Nintendo
Beyond the Black Hole	publisher	Mindscape
Apano Sin	publisher	V.A.K. Entertainment
Scrabble Complete	publisher	Infogrames
The Complete Stories of J. G. Ballard	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Social Theory of International Politics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
My Darling, My Hamburger	publisher	Harper Trophy
.detuned	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
The Rutherford Journal	publisher	University of Canterbury
The Public Record	publisher	James Tayoun, Sr.
Pardon Me, You're Stepping on My Eyeball!	publisher	Harper Trophy
New Writings in SF 16	publisher	Dennis Dobson
New Writings in SF 15	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Comic Valkyrie	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Journal of Volcanology and Geothermal Research	publisher	Elsevier
Iron Man vs. Whiplash	publisher	Marvel Comics
Lost Souls	publisher	Bantam Books
Review of International Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of British International Studies Association
The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente	publisher	Edward Whitchurch
The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente	publisher	Richard Grafton
David Wolf: Secret Agent	publisher	Dynamix
Guardians of Being	publisher	New World Library
P.O.W.: Two Years with the Vietcong	publisher	Ramparts Press
Ancient Wisdom, Modern World	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
New Writings in SF 25	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
New Writings in SF 26	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
Aladore	publisher	William Blackwood
Science Translational Medicine	publisher	American Association for the Advancement of Science
Monthly Shōnen Sirius	publisher	Kodansha
Either You're In or You're in the Way	publisher	HarperCollins
Data East Arcade Classics	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Power of 2	publisher	Gallup Press
Les Pyramides d'Atlantys	publisher	Microids
Acta Neuropathologica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Sherlock Holmes Was Wrong	publisher	sherlock holmes was wrong hc 050
The Age of Wonder	publisher	HarperCollins
Glorifying Terrorism	publisher	Rackstraw Press
Ameghiniana	publisher	Asociación Paleontológica Argentina
The Face of Jizo	publisher	Shinchosha
Republican Belfast: a political tourist's guide	publisher	MSF Press
Breaking and Entering	publisher	Macmillan
The Surge: A Military History	publisher	Encounter Books
King of the Jews	publisher	Harper Collins
A Secular Age	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Catholic Historical Review	publisher	Catholic University of America Press
Magazine Special	publisher	Kodansha
Pages Stained with Blood	publisher	Katha Books
The Man from Chinnamasta	publisher	Katha Books
The House	publisher	Dod's Parliamentary Communications
Revista del Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales	publisher	Bernardino Rivadavia Natural Sciences Museum
Minnesota Cuke and the Coconut Apes	publisher	Big Idea Productions
Beneath the City Streets	publisher	Allen Lane
They Used Dark Forces	publisher	Hutchinson
Bioinformatics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Executive Power	publisher	Atria Books
The Leopards who have Run with Me	publisher	Markaz
The Literature of Australian Birds	publisher	Paterson Brokensha Pty Ltd
Heron: Steam Machine	publisher	Triangle Studios
Benny Hill's Madcap Chase	publisher	Dk'tronics
AMBIO	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
SuperFreakonomics	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Olivia	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
New Writings in SF 27	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
New Writings in SF 28	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
The 50th Law	publisher	Harper Studio
La Révolution Wikipédia	publisher	Les Mille et Une Nuits
The Pigman's Legacy	publisher	Harper Trophy
The Help	publisher	Penguin Books
AaAaAA!!! – A Reckless Disregard for Gravity	publisher	Dejobaan Games
Nine Lives: In Search of the Sacred in Modern India	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
TrackMania 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Yumeiro Patissiere	publisher	Shueisha
Harpoon	publisher	Three-Sixty Pacific
Harpoon	publisher	Personal Software Services
The Computer Edition of Risk: The World Conquest Game	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Black Clock	publisher	California Institute of the Arts
Theory and Decision	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Jōō	publisher	Shueisha
Pacific Citizen	publisher	Japanese American Citizens League
How to See Yourself as You Really Are	publisher	Atria
New Writings in SF 29	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
New Writings in SF 30	publisher	Corgi
The Shrinking Man	publisher	Gold Medal Books
The Elder Scrolls: The Infernal City	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Eye of Typhoon	publisher	Viccom
The Eye of Typhoon	publisher	LG
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	publisher	Reed Publishing
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	publisher	Sydney
Madagascar Kartz	publisher	Activision
Introduction to the Science of Hadith	publisher	Garnet Publishing Limited
Driving Like Crazy	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
1587, a Year of No Significance	publisher	Yale University Press
Yakuza 4	publisher	Sega
We Sing	publisher	Nordic Games
We Sing	publisher	Nintendo
Budayeen Nights	publisher	Golden Gryphon Press
Animal Production Science	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
What Bird is That%3F	publisher	Angus & Robertson: Sydney; Australia's Heritage Publishing
Going Rouge	publisher	OR Books
The Birds of the District of Geelong, Australia	publisher	W.J. Griffiths: Geelong
Far Gate	publisher	Microïds
In Too Deep	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Bell at Sealey Head	publisher	Ace Books
Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure	publisher	Disney Interactive
In the Forests of Serre	publisher	Ace Books
Peter and the Sword of Mercy	publisher	Hyperion Books
Algemeiner Journal	publisher	Simon Jacobson
Castle Dor	publisher	J. M. Dent
Castle Dor	publisher	Doubleday
Fort Zombie	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Simpsons: An Uncensored, Unauthorized History	publisher	Faber and Faber
Keef the Thief	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fire King	publisher	Electronic Arts
Knight Force	publisher	Titus Software
Breach 2	publisher	Impressions Games
Australian Journal of Primary Health	publisher	CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Institute for Primary Care & Ageing
Soil Research	publisher	CSIRO Publishing
A Village Lost and Found	publisher	www.franceslincoln.com
Australian Mammalogy	publisher	CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Mammal Society
Notes from Hell	publisher	Hermes Books , 30 Degrees South Publishers , NY Creative and Publishing
Acta Oto-Laryngologica	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Scandinavian Journal of Occupational Therapy	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Scandinavian Journal of Gastroenterology	publisher	Informa
Handbook to the Birds of Australia	publisher	Author: London
The American Hebrew	publisher	Philip Cowen
Bring 'Em Back Alive	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Finding H.F.	publisher	Alyson Books
The Library Card	publisher	Scholastic inc.
The Train Game	publisher	Microsphere
Cities XL	publisher	Monte Cristo
The Blue Star	publisher	Ballantine Books
Barbary	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Barbary	publisher	Ace Books
Od Magic	publisher	Ace Books
The Best of Science Fiction	publisher	Crown Publishers
Gunboat	publisher	Accolade
The John Marshall Journal of Information Technology and Privacy Law	publisher	John Marshall Law School
The Keys to Maramon	publisher	Mindcraft
Les Âmes fortes	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Virginians	publisher	Bradbury and Evans
The Journal of Supercomputing	publisher	Springer-Verlag
War, Literature & the Arts	publisher	United States Air Force Academy
Tête-à-tête	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Tête-à-tête	publisher	HarperCollins
The Battle for God	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Battle for God	publisher	HarperCollins
Bird Life	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Bird Life	publisher	Sydney
Infant Potty Training	publisher	White-Boucke Publishing
Folio	publisher	American University
Weekly Economic Times	publisher	Shaukat Mahmood
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	publisher	Capcom
Kittyhawk Down	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Choir!	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Zwei II	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Lavengro	publisher	John Murray
The Pocket Book of Boners	publisher	The Viking Press
La Bible amusante	publisher	Libraire anticléricale
SpellForce 2: Faith in Destiny	publisher	Nordic Games GmbH
Molecular Biology of the Cell	publisher	Garland Science
A Strange and Mystifying Story	publisher	Libre Publishing
Krondor: The Assassins	publisher	Voyager Books
Marginal	publisher	Shogakukan
AIA Guide to New York City	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Leper of Saint Giles	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Kowloon's Gate	publisher	Sony Music Entertainment
Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City	publisher	Rockstar Games
Rollie's Follies	publisher	Clerisy Press
Excitebike: World Rally	publisher	Nintendo
Bazmavep	publisher	Mekhitarist Order
Jurassic: The Hunted	publisher	Activision
Eating the Dinosaur	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Dance Dance Revolution Music Fit	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.
SpongeBob's Truth or Square	publisher	ValuSoft
Command & Conquer: Red Alert	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pharmacological Reviews	publisher	American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics
Chinese Handcuffs	publisher	Greenwillow Press
Deadline	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Departures	publisher	Del Rey Books
Kaleidoscope	publisher	Ballantine Books
Cooperation and Conflict	publisher	Sage Publications
Evil Cats	publisher	Headline
Ring: Infinity	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Professor Heinz Wolff's Gravity	publisher	Deep Silver
A Mind at Peace	publisher	Yapı Kredi Books
Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Popular Film & Television	publisher	Taylor and Francis
I Will Survive	publisher	Westland Limited
A Web of Air	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Love Quest	publisher	Houbunsha
Fishdom	publisher	Playrix
Welcome to Wakaba-Soh	publisher	Hōbunsha
East Kent Mercury and Dover Mercury	publisher	KM Group
Ace Combat Xi: Skies of Incursion	publisher	Namco Bandai
Celandine	publisher	David Fickling Books
Zombie Tycoon	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hyperspeed	publisher	MicroProse
What the Dog Saw	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
V for Victory: D-Day Utah Beach	publisher	Three-Sixty Pacific
The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid	publisher	Wharton School Publishing
Room Full of Mirrors	publisher	Sceptre
Behavior Genetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Warbirds	publisher	Atari
Top Gun: Danger Zone	publisher	Distinctive Software
The Detective	publisher	Argus Press Software
Five Dials	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Mallee-Fowl	publisher	Angus & Robertson
The Mallee-Fowl	publisher	Sydney
Skulduggery Pleasant: Dark Days	publisher	HarperCollins
Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You	publisher	Frances Foster Books
The Well of the Unicorn	publisher	William Milligan Sloane III
The Fall of a Nation	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
A Field Guide to Australian Birds	publisher	Rigby: Adelaide
Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History	publisher	American Museum of Natural History
The Reap	publisher	Take 2 Interactive
Ice Today	publisher	Abul Khair Litu
The Last Will of a Russian Fascist	publisher	FERI-V
Der arbeyter	publisher	Polish Socialist Party
White Album 2	publisher	SoftBank Creative
Star Wars: Crosscurrent	publisher	Del Rey Books
Love, Lies and Lizzie	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
The Task	publisher	Joseph Johnson
Break Point	publisher	Piccadilly Press Ltd.
Attica	publisher	ATOM
The Indian Clerk	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Divorce Busting	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Makers	publisher	HarperVoyager
Makers	publisher	Tor Books
A People's History of American Empire	publisher	Metropolitan Books
The Children's Book	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Fall Out Toy Works	publisher	Image Comics
The Cat Who Went Bananas	publisher	Jove
Kraken	publisher	Macmillan
To Have and to Hold	publisher	Viking Press
To Have and to Hold	publisher	E.P. Dutton
Ultimate Comics: Armor Wars	publisher	Ultimate Marvel
Book Lust	publisher	Sasquatch Books
Journal of Sports Economics	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the North American Association of Sports Economists
A World to Win	publisher	Viking Press
Global Conquest	publisher	Microplay Software
Pacific Islands	publisher	Empire Interactive
Prophecy of the Shadow	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Peter & Max: A Fables Novel	publisher	DC Comics
The Ancient Art of War in the Skies	publisher	MicroProse
Shadowlands	publisher	Domark Software
Freddy the Politician	publisher	A.A. Knopf
Freddy the Politician	publisher	The Overlook Press
One in Three Hundred	publisher	Doubleday
MX vs. ATV Reflex	publisher	THQ
How to Build a Robot Army	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Where's My Jetpack%3F	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame	publisher	Citadel Publishing
Jean's Way	publisher	Norris Lane Press
The Journal of General Physiology	publisher	Rockefeller University Press
Premium Harmony	publisher	The New Yorker
Whole Earth Discipline	publisher	Viking Press
Songs My Mother Never Taught Me	publisher	Telegram Books
Many and Many a Year Ago	publisher	Telegram Books
John Cotton's Birds of the Port Phillip District of New South Wales 1843-1849	publisher	William Collins : Sydney
Burned	publisher	St. Martin's
The Persecutor	publisher	Fleming H. Revell Company
The Persecutor	publisher	Revell
The Persecutor	publisher	Ballantine Books
Journal of Political Ideologies	publisher	Routledge
The Awakening	publisher	HarperCollins
The Reckoning	publisher	HarperCollins
APEX	publisher	Infogrames
Carriers at War	publisher	Matrix Games
Paladin II	publisher	Impressions Games
S.C.OUT	publisher	Atreid Concept
Eat or Be Eaten	publisher	Frontier Works
The Way of Kings	publisher	Tor Books
Neocron 2: Beyond Dome of York	publisher	10
Matt Hazard: Blood Bath and Beyond	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Hawk and the Dove	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
The War That Came Early	publisher	Del Rey Books
Blue Sky	publisher	Libre Publishing
Westbang	publisher	Rake In Grass
RHEM 3: The Secret Library	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
RHEM 3: The Secret Library	publisher	Micro Application
Awaken Forest	publisher	Taiyo Tosho
The ClueFinders: The Incredible Toy Store Adventure!	publisher	The Learning Company
Journal of Psychopharmacology	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the British Association for Psychopharmacology
Sharin no Kuni, Himawari no Shōjo	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Music, Thought, and Feeling	publisher	Oxford University Press
Germany's Aims in the First World War	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Invisible	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Quantum	publisher	Icon Books in UK & Commonwealth nations\nW. W. Norton & Company in United States\nHachette India in India
Heroes of Might and Magic Online	publisher	Netdragon
The Bone Church	publisher	Playboy, Charles Scribner's Sons
Shadow Kiss	publisher	Razorbill
Iran	publisher	IRNA
Journal of Human Genetics	publisher	Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the Japan Society of Human Genetics
DNA and Cell Biology	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Journal of Leukocyte Biology	publisher	Society for Leukocyte Biology
Molecular Vision	publisher	Emory University
Functional Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society
The Worry Trap	publisher	New Harbinger Publications, Inc.
Johannes Cabal the Necromancer	publisher	Doubleday
Rage: A Love Story	publisher	Knopf Books for Young Readers
Ash Road	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Death Note Another Note: The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases	publisher	Shueisha,  Viz Media
Stormbringer	publisher	Chaosium
Akaboshi: Ibun Suikoden	publisher	Shueisha
The Journal of Sexual Medicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society for Sexual Medicine
The Chymical Wedding	publisher	Jonathan Cape, Ltd.
This Misery of Boots	publisher	Fabian Society
Turning On	publisher	Doubleday
Style Savvy	publisher	Nintendo
Water Sports	publisher	GameMill Entertainment
Laurel's Kitchen	publisher	Nilgiri Press
Laurel's Kitchen	publisher	Ten Speed Press
Sex Roles	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Twenties Girl	publisher	Bantam Press
Journal of Forensic Sciences	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences
Can You Keep a Secret%3F	publisher	Dial Press Trade Paperback
Alley of First Love	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Sharp Teeth	publisher	Harper Collins
Journal of Gay & Lesbian Mental Health	publisher	Routledge
Zeebo Extreme Rolimã	publisher	Zeebo
Love & Respect	publisher	Integrity Publishers
Connect 4x4	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Epitaphs for the Living	publisher	Southern Methodist University Press
A Promise of Romance	publisher	Taiyoh Tosho
Manituana	publisher	Verso Books
Goodbye Soldier	publisher	Michael Joseph
Goodbye Soldier	publisher	Penguin Books
The Undomestic Goddess	publisher	Dial Press Trade Paperback
The Birds of Australia	publisher	Witherby: London
De Economist	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media for The Royal Netherlands Economic Association
Journal of the History of Ideas	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Zeebo Sports Tênis	publisher	Tectoy
Heroes in the Wind	publisher	Penguin Books
The Austral Avian Record	publisher	H. F. & G. Witherby: London, for Gregory Mathews
All You Need Is Kill	publisher	Shueisha
The Gangster We Are All Looking For	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Song of the Mysteries	publisher	
The Canon	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Canon	publisher	Mariner Books
The Bozz Chronicles	publisher	Epic Comics
Blu's Hanging	publisher	Harper Perennial
Times Higher Education World University Rankings	publisher	Times Higher Education
Digit Channel Connect	publisher	9.9
The Devil Within	publisher	Shinshokan
Muhammad: The %22Banned%22 Images	publisher	Voltaire Press
The One Minute Manager	publisher	William Morrow & Co
The Bishop's Man	publisher	Random House of Canada
Fire World	publisher	Orchard Books, an imprint of Scholastic Inc.
206 Bones	publisher	William Heinemann London
Ghost Pirates of Vooju Island	publisher	Dtp entertainment
HeartCatch PreCure!	publisher	Kodansha
The Pearl of Love	publisher	The Strand Magazine
Spanking Shakespeare	publisher	Random House
Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger	publisher	M. DuMont Schauberg
The Book of Basketball	publisher	ESPN Books
Power, Sex, Suicide	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Politically Incorrect Guide to English and American Literature	publisher	Regnery Publishing
New Political Economy	publisher	Routledge
The Three Musketeers: One for all!	publisher	Legendo
The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole	publisher	Donald M. Grant, Publisher
American Journal of Business	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
QS World University Rankings	publisher	Quacquarelli Symonds
Metal Walker	publisher	Capcom
Nadirs	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Supergod	publisher	Avatar Press
Civilization World	publisher	2
Core Python Programming	publisher	Prentice Hall
Erskine May: Parliamentary Practice	publisher	Charles Knight & Co
Erskine May: Parliamentary Practice	publisher	LexisNexis
American Annals of the Deaf	publisher	Gallaudet University Press
Last Window: The Secret of Cape West	publisher	Nintendo
Ancients of Ooga	publisher	Microsoft Studios
HeroQuest II: Legacy of Sorasil	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
A Lotus Grows in the Mud	publisher	Putnam Pub Group
War in the Gulf	publisher	Empire Interactive
American Motorcyclist	publisher	American Motorcyclist Association
The Pilot	publisher	Cardinal Seán Patrick O'Malley
Heligoland	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Stumptown	publisher	Oni Press
The Prophecy	publisher	Penguin Books
The Prophecy	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Lords of the Psychon	publisher	Bantam Books
Bakit Baligtad Magbasa ng Libro ang mga Pilipino%3F	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Victim: The Other Side of Murder	publisher	Dell Publishing
Blood Price	publisher	DAW Books
Review of International Political Economy	publisher	Routledge
Sexologies	publisher	Elsevier
Muslim Mafia	publisher	WND Books
Punisher Max	publisher	Marvel Comics
Punisher Max	publisher	MAX Comics
Polar Golfer	publisher	WildTangent
A Foreign Love Affair	publisher	Core Magazine
Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia	publisher	Printed for the author by F.W. White, Sydney
That Old Ace in the Hole	publisher	4
Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica	publisher	Turkish Association of Orthopaedics and Traumatology
The Cup	publisher	the-cup
Flirt	publisher	Berkley Books
Heroes of Three Kingdoms	publisher	Perfect World
Dark Fall: Lost Souls	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
The Way the World is Going	publisher	Ernest Benn Ltd
Whose War Is It%3F	publisher	HarperCollins Canada
Major League Baseball 2K10	publisher	2
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Sixth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Disney's Aladdin in Nasira's Revenge	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Aladdin in Nasira's Revenge	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Birds of Australia	publisher	Charles Stuart & Co: Melbourne
Aliens	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue	publisher	Disney Interactive
Acta Neurologica Scandinavica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Death-Day	publisher	La Luz Comics
Gospel Principles	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
More-with-Less Cookbook	publisher	Herald Press
Delirium	publisher	Disney Hyperion
World of Outlaws: Sprint Cars	publisher	THQ
Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help	publisher	Random House
Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help	publisher	Quercus
Future Lovers	publisher	Biblos
The Rifle	publisher	Bantam Books
Fallout 3 downloadable content	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Selected Letters of Philip Larkin, 1940–1985	publisher	Faber and Faber, London
Vandal Hearts: Flames of Judgment	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Blueberry Girl	publisher	HarperCollins
Mystery Case Files: Dire Grove	publisher	Big Fish Games
Ares	publisher	Marvel Comics
American Lion	publisher	Random House
Magic Darts	publisher	SETA Corporation
Hertfordshire Mercury	publisher	Local World
Face	publisher	Bloomsbury USA Children's Books
Kane & Lynch 2: Dog Days	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Invincible Iron Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Cornell International Affairs Review	publisher	Cornell University
Fields of Fire	publisher	GMT Games
The Thing Around Your Neck	publisher	Fourth Estate
The Thing Around Your Neck	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
N'Heures Souris Rames	publisher	C. N. Potter
Nintendo World Cup	publisher	Nintendo
Caballero: A Historical Novel	publisher	Texas A&M University Press
Portuguese Journal of Social Science	publisher	ISCTE – Lisbon University Institute
Breathers: A Zombie's Lament	publisher	Broadway Books
Shadows	publisher	Oxford University Press
Zombies: A Record of the Year of Infection	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Isaac's Universe	publisher	Tor Books
Escape from Monster Manor	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dead Spy Running	publisher	HarperCollins
European Physical Journal A	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
European Physical Journal A	publisher	EDP Sciences
Holosseum	publisher	Sega
European Physical Journal D	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
European Physical Journal D	publisher	EDP Sciences
European Physical Journal D	publisher	Società Italiana di Fisica
Elektra: The Hand	publisher	Marvel Comics
Earth and Planetary Science Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Tunnel Through Time	publisher	Westminster Press
Of Paradise and Power	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
1942	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Monster Men	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Medaka Box	publisher	Shueisha
Arcana Heart 3	publisher	Examu
Arcana Heart 3	publisher	Arc System Works
Prodromus Entomology	publisher	Thomas Lewin, London
Ultimate Domain	publisher	Software Toolworks
Skate 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Pittsburgh Magazine	publisher	WQED
Pittsburgh Magazine	publisher	WiesnerMedia
The Vision of Judgment	publisher	John Hunt
Fake Fur	publisher	Houbunsha
Inferno	publisher	Ocean Software
Dance Dance Revolution X2	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Uralsky Sledopyt	publisher	The Central Ural Publishing House
SpaceKids	publisher	MicroProse
Giants Unleashed	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Moon Ranger	publisher	Bunch Games
Duck Maze	publisher	Home Entertainment Suppliers
Rush Rush Rally Racing	publisher	RedSpotGames
Moskovskaya Komsomolka	publisher	Yevgeny Dodolev
Star Trek: Nero	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Unknown Terrorist	publisher	Picador
Soul Eater	publisher	2006
Love to Love You Bradys	publisher	ECW Press
1830: Railroads & Robber Barons	publisher	Avalon Hill
Brilliant Blue	publisher	Shinshokan
Karateka	publisher	Brøderbund
Karateka	publisher	D3Publisher
One Day	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
High Seas Trader	publisher	Impressions Games
The Man Who Could Be Santa	publisher	Royal Fireworks Press
The Sexes Throughout Nature	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Squared Circle	publisher	Day Dreamer Interactive
Cute Beast	publisher	Houbunsha
Contributions to Zoology	publisher	Naturalis Biodiversity Center
The Wire Re-up	publisher	Guardian Books
Sword of Aragon	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Hero's Heart	publisher	Everett Kaser Software
ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters	publisher	American Chemical Society
Voice Over! Seiyu Academy	publisher	Hakusensha
Wired for Thought	publisher	Harvard Business School Press
The Rhetoric of Reaction	publisher	The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press
Laugh Under the Sun	publisher	Houbunsha
Faslname-ye Ketab	publisher	National Library of Iran
Diabetic Hypoglycemia	publisher	ESP Bioscience
The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power	publisher	HarperCollins
Shark Girl	publisher	Candlewick Press
Vermont Law Review	publisher	Vermont Law School
Imago Mundi	publisher	Routledge
Asphalt 4: Elite Racing	publisher	Gameloft
City of Light	publisher	Island Books
Assassin's Creed III	publisher	Ubisoft
Tehelka as Metaphor	publisher	Roli Books
Eppo	publisher	Oberon
Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask	publisher	Nintendo
American Journal of Human Biology	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Thyroid	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Grunts!	publisher	Bantam Press
Zoologische Mededelingen	publisher	National Museum of Natural History
Scripta Geologica	publisher	National Museum of Natural History
Legionnaires 3	publisher	DC Comics
Mission 660	publisher	Taito Corporation
Canadian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology	publisher	NRC Research Press
The Prostate	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Behind the Exclusive Brethren	publisher	Scribe Publications Pty Ltd.
Dracula the Un-dead	publisher	HarperCollins
Dracula the Un-dead	publisher	Dutton Adult
Roma	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Umbrella Academy: Dallas	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Bridge-It	publisher	Amsoft
Glass Sky	publisher	Houbunsha
Handy Manny's Motorcycle Adventure	publisher	Disney Press
Black Sun	publisher	Taiyoh Tosho
Menkui!	publisher	Biblos
Historia Naturalis Brasiliae	publisher	Joannes de Laet
It's Perfectly Normal	publisher	Candlewick Press
Shockwave	publisher	American Game Cartridges
The General Zapped an Angel	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Biggest Game in Town	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Blown for Good	publisher	BFG Books
The International Journal of Biochemistry & Cell Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Sunset Express	publisher	Bantam Books
L.A. Requiem	publisher	Bantam Books
Junior Escort	publisher	Houbunsha
Junior Escort	publisher	Houbunsha
Super Sentai Battle: Dice-O	publisher	Bandai
Karakuri Odette	publisher	Hakusensha
From Impressionism To Anime	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
La Vendetta	publisher	Mame et Delaunay-Vallée
The Unselfish Gene	publisher	Swimming Kangaroo Books
The Dark Goddess	publisher	Doubleday & Company
Geographical kaleidoscope	publisher	Soviet school
The Hind and the Panther	publisher	Jacob Tonson
Zeebo Extreme Corrida Aérea	publisher	Zeebo
Zeebo Extreme Baja	publisher	Zeebo
SWIV 3D	publisher	SCi Games
The Chaucer Review	publisher	Penn State University Press
The Best Halloween Ever	publisher	HarperCollins
Victory for Us Is to See You Suffer	publisher	Beacon Press
Juggernaut	publisher	Jaleco
Men in Aida	publisher	Tuumba Press
Vs.	publisher	THQ
A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia	publisher	William Collins, Sons
A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia	publisher	Sydney
R.U.R.U.R.	publisher	Light
R.U.R.U.R.	publisher	Views
Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex	publisher	Hyperion Books for Children dba Miramax Books
Den Danske Vitruvius	publisher	Ernst Henrich Berling
The Season: A Candid Look at Broadway	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Here Be Daemons	publisher	Robert Hale Publishing
Face Forward	publisher	Little, Brown
Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands	publisher	Ubisoft
Conan the Adventurer	publisher	Marvel Comics
Climate Research	publisher	Inter-Research Science Center
The Giant Devil Dingo	publisher	Collins, Sydney
Secret Places, Hidden Sanctuaries	publisher	Sterling Publishing, New York / London
The Man in the Picture	publisher	Profile Books
The Man in the Picture	publisher	Overlook Press
The Infinite Man	publisher	Bantam Books
Erewhon Revisited	publisher	Grant Richards
Kay the Left-Handed	publisher	Heinemann
Sleepwalking Land	publisher	Editorial Caminho
Sleepwalking Land	publisher	Serpent's Tail
The Ghost Belonged to Me	publisher	Viking Press
Parrot and Olivier in America	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Parrot and Olivier in America	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Parrot and Olivier in America	publisher	Doubleday
Parrot and Olivier in America	publisher	Faber & Faber
Nigel Mansell's World Championship Racing	publisher	GameTek
Nigel Mansell's World Championship Racing	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Nigel Mansell's World Championship Racing	publisher	Konami
Nigel Mansell's World Championship Racing	publisher	Super NES/Super Famicom
Puzzle Quest 2	publisher	D3 Publisher
Two Worlds II	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Raising My Voice	publisher	Scribner/Simon & Schuster , PIPER , Spartacus , Pan Macmillan , Rider , Presses de la Cité , De Geus , Piemme , VERA Books , Kailas Books , All publishing house , Quidnovi
The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities	publisher	Harper and Brothers
Son-Rise: The Miracle Continues	publisher	H.J. Krammer Inc.
GemCraft	publisher	Armor Games
GemCraft	publisher	NTT Resonant Inc.
Next Life	publisher	The Adventure Company
American Rust	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
My Forsaken Star	publisher	Seoul: Wangja Chulpansa
Breathless	publisher	Bantam Books
Ladies versus Butlers!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
First Lord's Fury	publisher	Ace Books
Medal of Honor	publisher	Electronic Arts
FIFA Soccer 96	publisher	Electronic Arts
FIFA Soccer 96	publisher	Black Pearl Software
Scootering	publisher	Mortons of Horncastle
Castration Celebration	publisher	Random House
People of the Lakes	publisher	Tor Books
Christmas Clix	publisher	JV Games
Runaway 3: A Twist of Fate	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Halt's Peril	publisher	Random House
Cancer Epidemiology	publisher	Elsevier
Cross Racing Championship Extreme 2005	publisher	Invictus Games
Cancer Epidemiology, Biomarkers & Prevention	publisher	American Association for Cancer Research
European Journal of Cancer	publisher	Elsevier
Daily NK	publisher	Park In-ho
BYU Law Review	publisher	Brigham Young University
Jericho Season 3: Civil War	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Jericho Season 3: Civil War	publisher	IDW Publishing
Ghetto Golf	publisher	Illfonic
American Journal of Translational Research	publisher	E-Century Publishing Corporation
Lips: Party Classics	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Devil's Novice	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ragdoll Blaster	publisher	Backflip Studios
All in the Mind	publisher	Hutchinson
The Human Use of Human Beings	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Human Use of Human Beings	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Andover Review	publisher	Andover Newton Theological School
Andover Review	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Formula One	publisher	CRL Group PLC
Alien Breed Evolution	publisher	Team17
Nowa Huta. Okruchy życia i meandry historii	publisher	Wydawnictwo Towarzystwo Slowaków w Polsce, Kraków
Absolution	publisher	Avatar Press
DNA Repair and Mutagenesis	publisher	ASM Press
Biomedical Imaging and Intervention Journal	publisher	Department of Biomedical Imaging, University of Malaya
3D Brick Breaker Revolution	publisher	Digital Chocolate
Night Mary	publisher	IDW Publishing
Hafnia Hodierna	publisher	Ernst Henrich Berling
R-Type Tactics II: Operation Bitter Chocolate	publisher	Irem
Wilhelm Reich in Hell	publisher	New Falcon Publications
The Heir of Redclyffe	publisher	John W. Parker
Mr. Belloc Objects to %22The Outline of History%22	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers , Running Press
The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga	publisher	Constable & Robinson
StarCraft	publisher	WildStorm Productions
Nudge	publisher	Yale University Press
The Magical Worlds of Harry Potter	publisher	Lumina Press
HardBall II	publisher	Accolade
The Road to Memphis	publisher	Penguin Books
Constellations in My Palm	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
El Calpense	publisher	Imprenta Calpense
Sound of the Sky	publisher	ASCII Media Works
A Mighty Fortress	publisher	Tor Books
Neuropharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
NHK Kōhaku Quiz Gassen	publisher	Nintendo
Confessions of a Teenage Baboon	publisher	Harper Collins
Taboo	publisher	Cohen & West
Neuroscience Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Nerf N-Strike Elite	publisher	Electronic Arts
The King of the Sea	publisher	ROH Press
The King of the Sea	publisher	Donath
Psychic Detective Yakumo	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
The Case for God	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dead Babies	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dead Babies	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Ascent of Wonder: The Evolution of Hard SF	publisher	Tor Books
Warriors: Legends of Troy	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Reef of Death	publisher	HarperCollins
Fatal Voyage	publisher	Scribner
Zusar Vasar	publisher	Real Vision, Inc.
Tentacles	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Mobile Suit Gundam: Encounters in Space	publisher	Bandai
Transformers: War for Cybertron	publisher	Activision
Gradiva	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Ultimate Vision	publisher	Marvel Comics
Amnesia: The Dark Descent	publisher	Frictional Games
Jack's Luck Runs Out	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Explorer's Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
My Paranoid Next Door Neighbor	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Wonderland Revisited and the Games Alice Played There	publisher	Michael Everson
ADK Tamashii	publisher	SNK Playmore
Itinerario	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Leiden Institute for History
The Journal of Ecclesiastical History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Cool Cool Toon	publisher	SNK
Lord Darcy	publisher	Doubleday
The Land of Little Rain	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Forgotten God	publisher	David C. Cook
Naughty Bear	publisher	505
Mega Man 10	publisher	Capcom
Pirates of the Fallen Stars	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne	publisher	DC Comics
Who Killed the Canadian Military%3F	publisher	HarperCollins Canada
Mention My Name in Atlantis	publisher	DAW Books
Lego Star Wars II Mobile	publisher	THQ Wireless
Porsche Challenge	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Continuity and Change	publisher	Cambridge University Press
European Review of Economic History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper	publisher	Frank Leslie
Journal of Liposome Research	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Barbarian Princess	publisher	Ballantine Books; New Ed edition
Brothers	publisher	Pantheon Books ; Shanghai Literature
Strange Fruit	publisher	Reynal and Hitchcock
Monsteca Corral	publisher	Onteca
Monsteca Corral	publisher	Nintendo
Fever Dream	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Patronage	publisher	J. Johnson
Arthritis & Rheumatology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Clinica Chimica Acta	publisher	Elsevier
Axis & Allies: Pacific 1940	publisher	Avalon Hill
Maestro! Jump in Music	publisher	BigBen Interactive
Jesus Video	publisher	Schneekluth
Greed Corp	publisher	Valcon Games, Easy Tiger Media
Secret Killings of Assam	publisher	Nanda Talukdar Foundation,
Secret Killings of Assam	publisher	Guwahati, Assam
Food Network: Cook or Be Cooked	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
How to Ditch Your Fairy	publisher	Bloomsbury
Nukleonik	publisher	Springer Verlag
Science and Technology Daily	publisher	Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China
The Bacon Cookbook	publisher	Wiley
Lothair	publisher	Longman
A Far Cry from Kensington	publisher	Constable & Robinson
A Far Cry from Kensington	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Cy Girls	publisher	Konami
Active Dayton	publisher	Cox Media Group
Leaving a Doll's House: A Memoir	publisher	Virago Press
Leaving a Doll's House: A Memoir	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Spec Ops: The Line	publisher	2
Tron: Evolution	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed II	publisher	LucasArts
Arthur's Absolutely Fun Day	publisher	The Learning Company
Le Curé de Tours	publisher	Mame-Delaunay
Superman: War of the Supermen	publisher	DC Comics
Guardians of Liberty	publisher	Pillar of Fire Church
Boxing Fever	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Montmorency	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Strategic Command WWII Global Conflict	publisher	Battlefront.com
Strategic Command WWII Pacific Theater	publisher	Battlefront.com
Strategic Command 2: Blitzkrieg	publisher	Battlefront.com
Qix++	publisher	Taito
How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee	publisher	Macmillan
Sleeping Dogs	publisher	Square Enix
Mother	publisher	Dodd, Mead
The Wicker Man	publisher	Crown Publishers
Live For Love	publisher	Core Magazine
The Evolutionary Void	publisher	Pan Macmillan , Del Rey
Tera	publisher	En Masse Entertainment, Gameforge, NHN Corporation via Hangame, NHN Japan Corporation via Hangame Japan
Axis & Allies: Europe 1940	publisher	Avalon Hill
Ludwig II	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Iron Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Line of Fire	publisher	Sega
Roark's Formulas for Stress and Strain	publisher	McGraw-Hill Companies, The
Dungeons & Dragons Computer Labyrinth Game	publisher	Mattel
Heavenly Body	publisher	Daitosha
The Emperor's Games	publisher	Ballantine Books; New Ed edition
Barfing in the Backseat: How I Survived My Family Road Trip	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Pereira Maintains	publisher	Feltrinelli
Philosophical Investigations	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Go! Go! Beckham! Adventure on Soccer Island	publisher	Rage Software
The Efficiency Expert	publisher	CreateSpace
Mail	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Book – A Novel	publisher	Penguin Books
Greener Grass: The Famine Years	publisher	Red Deer Press
Justice Hall	publisher	Bantam Books
Black Knight	publisher	Libre Publishing
Bond	publisher	Libre Publishing
Color	publisher	Shinshokan
Cotton Comes to Harlem	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Cotton Comes to Harlem	publisher	Muller
American Journal of Audiology	publisher	American Speech-Language-Hearing Association
Stones	publisher	Seal Books
Double Trouble	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information	publisher	Reed Publishing
Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information	publisher	Sydney
Spot: The Video Game	publisher	Virgin Mastertronic
Spot: The Video Game	publisher	Arcadia Systems
EPL	publisher	EDP Sciences
EPL	publisher	IOP Publishing
EPL	publisher	Italian Physical Society
Financial History Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of The European Association for Banking and Financial History
Wolf Captured	publisher	Tor Fantasy
Wolf Hunting	publisher	Tor Fantasy
The Dragon of Despair	publisher	Tor Fantasy
Wolf's Blood	publisher	Tor Fantasy
Strange Brew	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
The Dead Father	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Scholar Gipsy	publisher	Longmans
Bush vs. Kerry Boxing	publisher	Glu Mobile
M.U.D. TV	publisher	Kalypso Media
Advances in Complex Systems	publisher	World Scientific
Real World	publisher	Vintage Books
Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Feeling Very Strange: The Slipstream Anthology	publisher	Tachyon Publications
Batman: Arkham City	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
STAR Academy	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Les Diaboliques	publisher	Dentu
The Weapon	publisher	Platinum Studios
Danger Along the Ohio	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Blade II	publisher	Activision
Incarnate	publisher	Radical Comics
A Sport of Nature	publisher	David Phillip
A Sport of Nature	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A Sport of Nature	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 2	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Irish Filmography	publisher	Red Mountain Media
LovePlus	publisher	Konami
American Vampire	publisher	Vertigo
Cyber Rights	publisher	Times Books
Starpoint Gemini	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
My Name Is Brain Brian	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Eating Animals	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Beckham Experiment	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Dear Myself	publisher	Shinshokan
Dear Myself	publisher	Shinshokan
Ka Shin Fu	publisher	Ookura Shuppan
Cause of My Teacher	publisher	Libre Publishing
Endless Rain	publisher	Ookura Shuppan
Classification of Pharmaco-Therapeutic Referrals	publisher	IMC
Doctor Sleep	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Waterlily	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Sodium	publisher	Lockwood Publishing
Sodium	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Sodium	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: Dawn of the Dreadfuls	publisher	Quirk Books
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: Dawn of the Dreadfuls	publisher	Philadelphia
Spirit Bound	publisher	Razorbill
Đại Việt sử ký	publisher	Trần dynasty
Stories of Your Life and Others	publisher	Tor Books
Vision in White	publisher	Berkley Books
Ordinary Crush	publisher	Frontier Works
The Young Magician	publisher	Shinshokan
Freefall Romance	publisher	Frontier Works
Rides a Dread Legion	publisher	HarperVoyager
Building Safer Communities. Risk Governance, Spatial Planning and Responses to Natural Hazards	publisher	IOS Press
Advances in Adaptive Data Analysis	publisher	World Scientific
From Up Above	publisher	Ookura Shuppan
Loving Gaze	publisher	Libre Publishing
Loveholic	publisher	Biblos
Algebra Colloquium	publisher	World Scientific
The American Journal of Chinese Medicine	publisher	World Scientific
Analysis and Applications	publisher	World Scientific
Asian Case Research Journal	publisher	World Scientific
Grand Prix Manager	publisher	Silicon Joy
Cognitive Systems Research	publisher	Elsevier
Neurocomputing	publisher	Elsevier
The Master and His Emissary	publisher	Yale University Press
Evolution, Me & Other Freaks of Nature	publisher	Random House
Melted Love	publisher	Kaiōsha
Chariton Review	publisher	Truman State University Press
Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research	publisher	World Scientific
Biomedical Engineering: Applications, Basis and Communications	publisher	World Scientific
China: An International Journal	publisher	World Scientific
Biophysical Reviews and Letters	publisher	World Scientific
Coastal Engineering Journal	publisher	World Scientific
Communications in Contemporary Mathematics	publisher	World Scientific
COSMOS	publisher	World Scientific
Politics and the Life Sciences	publisher	Association for Politics and the Life Sciences
Khayaban	publisher	University of Peshawar
Capcom Bowling	publisher	Capcom
Capcom Bowling	publisher	P&P Enterprises
Star Wars Imperial Commando: 501st	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Cat of Bubastes	publisher	Blackie and Son Ltd., London
Arc d'X	publisher	Poseidon Press
Turbo the Tortoise	publisher	Hi-Tec Software
Turbo the Tortoise	publisher	Codemasters
In the Valley of the Kings	publisher	W.W. Norton
Breakable You	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Critical Care	publisher	BioMed Central
Molecular Brain Research	publisher	Elsevier
Brain Research	publisher	Elsevier
Beauchamp's Career	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Image of the Beast	publisher	Essex House
Cellular Signalling	publisher	Elsevier
Agent Orange	publisher	A&F Software
Spiderdroid	publisher	Froggo
Fanhunter, el juego de rol épicodecadente	publisher	Gusa Comics/Farsa's Wagon
Fluctuation and Noise Letters	publisher	World Scientific
Innovation	publisher	National University of Singapore
Innovation	publisher	World Scientific
International Game Theory Review	publisher	World Scientific
Infinite Dimensional Analysis, Quantum Probability and Related Topics	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Algebra and Computation	publisher	World Scientific
The Hong Kong Journal of Social Work	publisher	World Scientific
Fractals	publisher	World Scientific
Hand Surgery	publisher	World Scientific
Functional Materials Letters	publisher	World Scientific
Foundations and Trends in Communications and Information Theory	publisher	Now Publishers
Rock Band	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rock Band	publisher	MTV Games
Star Wars: Clone Wars Gambit: Stealth	publisher	LucasBooks
The Watter's Mou'	publisher	Constable Press
Tulane Environmental Law Journal	publisher	Tulane University Law School
Tulane Journal of Law & Sexuality	publisher	Tulane University Law School
Tulane European and Civil Law Forum	publisher	Tulane University Law School
Fire Angels	publisher	Avon Eos
The Odd Angry Shot	publisher	Angus and Robertson
China Marine	publisher	University of Alabama Press
Deadly Duck	publisher	20
Run for Your Life	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Cancer Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Sources of the Self	publisher	Harvard University Press
Further Adventures of Lad	publisher	George H. Doran
Truth and Tolerance	publisher	Ignatius Press
Perihelion: The Prophecy	publisher	Psygnosis
Aramaya	publisher	Avon Eos
Canaan Online	publisher	Webzen Dublin Ltd.
The Memory Cathedral	publisher	Bantam Books
Enchanter	publisher	Voyager Books
StarMan	publisher	Voyager Books
The Infernal	publisher	Random House
Journal of Hydraulic Engineering	publisher	American Society of Civil Engineers
When You Reach Me	publisher	Wendy Lamb Books
Power Without Responsibility	publisher	Routledge
Bayou	publisher	Creative Writing Workshop
Bayou	publisher	University of New Orleans
Eve's Seed	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Eric's Ultimate Solitaire	publisher	Loki Software
As Primaveras	publisher	Imprensa Nacional
A Dark Winter	publisher	Omnibus Books
Fallen	publisher	Random House
The Storm Weaver and the Sand	publisher	Voyager Books
Carrier Command: Gaea Mission	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Carrier Command: Gaea Mission	publisher	Mastertronic
Carrier Command: Gaea Mission	publisher	Rising Star Games
Une sorte de justice	publisher	Jean Le Fur
The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry	publisher	Physicians Postgraduate Press
Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology	publisher	Elsevier
Kidney International	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Nature Immunology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
American Museum Novitates	publisher	American Museum of Natural History
Journal of Cellular Physiology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Biological Chemistry	publisher	W. de Gruyter
Space Manbow	publisher	Konami
Hunting The Shadows: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume Two	publisher	Wildside Press
Journal of the American Society of Nephrology	publisher	American Society of Nephrology
Life Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Ōkami-san	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Genes, Chromosomes and Cancer	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Cell Death & Differentiation	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Molecular and Cellular Neuroscience	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Histochemistry and Cytochemistry	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of The Histochemical Society
Journal of Thrombosis and Haemostasis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis
Biochemistry and Cell Biology	publisher	NRC Research Press
Advances in Experimental Medicine and Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Biochemical Pharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Human Immunology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Society for Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics
The Crooked Letter	publisher	Voyager Books
Traysia	publisher	Renovation Products
International Journal of the Sociology of Language	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
The Two Pearls of Wisdom	publisher	HarperCollins
Cakalele	publisher	University of Hawaii at Manoa
Black Hole Assault	publisher	Micronet co., Ltd.
X-Wars	publisher	Mediatainment GmbH ,
X-Wars	publisher	Gameforge AG ,
X-Wars	publisher	Gamigo AG
Mus of Kerbridge	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Fallout: An American Nuclear Tragedy	publisher	University of Arizona Press
Down in Flames	publisher	Battlefront.com
Heroes for Hope	publisher	Marvel Comics
All That the Rain Promises and More...	publisher	Ten Speed Press
NANO	publisher	World Scientific
CB Chara Nagai Go World	publisher	Sankei Shinbunsha
Volga Se Ganga	publisher	Kitab Mahal
Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds	publisher	Reader's Digest Services: Sydney
The House of Balthus	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Zaku	publisher	Super Fighter Team
Search for Senna	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Spindizzy Worlds	publisher	Activision
Spindizzy Worlds	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
Action Man: Operation Extreme	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Kiyoku Yawaku	publisher	Shueisha
Theme Aquarium	publisher	Electronic Arts
Makoto Call!	publisher	Shogakukan
Stop Pretending: What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy	publisher	HarperCollins
Jack Attack	publisher	Commodore International
Golden Prince and Argent King	publisher	Libre Publishing
The Gladiator	publisher	Headline
The Eagle's Prophecy	publisher	Headline
Girl	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Gentleman's Kiss	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
FITS	publisher	Ravensburger
Ultra Coliseum DX: Ultra Senshi Daishuketsu	publisher	Namco Bandai
International Journal of Bifurcation and Chaos	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Biomathematics	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Computational Intelligence and Applications	publisher	Imperial College Press
International Journal of Computational Methods	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Computational Geometry and Applications	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Computer Processing of Languages	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Cooperative Information Systems	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of High Speed Electronics and Systems	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Image and Graphics	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Humanoid Robotics	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Information Acquisition	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Information Technology & Decision Making	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Innovation and Technology Management	publisher	World Scientific
The Last Wizard	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Dream Jungle	publisher	Viking Adult
The Old Tobacco Shop	publisher	MacMillan
Downright Dencey	publisher	Doubleday
The Boy Who Was	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Dinaman	publisher	Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd.
Hydrobiologia	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Floating Island	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Calico Bush	publisher	Simon and Schuster
ABC Bunny	publisher	Coward-McCann, Inc
God of War	publisher	WildStorm
God of War	publisher	DC Comics
The Singing Tree	publisher	Viking Books
3-D Bomberman	publisher	Hudson Soft
Figure Away	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Pop Island	publisher	ODENIS Studio
Always Fresh	publisher	Harper Collins
Stardance	publisher	Dial Press
Stardance	publisher	Quantum
Starseed	publisher	Ace Books
Starmind	publisher	Ace Books
International Journal of Innovation Management	publisher	Imperial College Press
International Journal of Mathematics	publisher	World Scientific
E!Sharp	publisher	Paul Adamson
The Mirrored Heavens	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Robot Rescue	publisher	Teyon
International Journal of Modern Physics	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Modern Physics	publisher	World Scientific
Kud Wafter	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Magic in Ithkar	publisher	Tor Books
Magic in Ithkar 2	publisher	Tor Books
Amityville: The Evil Escapes	publisher	Tudor Communications
The Cape Cod Mystery	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Singularity's Ring	publisher	Tor Books
Arcade Hoops Basketball	publisher	Skyworks Interactive
Fog Magic	publisher	Viking Press
Abraham Lincoln's World	publisher	Scribner
Justin Morgan Had a Horse	publisher	Follett Corporation
The Hotel on the Roof of the World	publisher	Summersdale
International Journal of Historical Archaeology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Out Run Europa	publisher	U.S. Gold
Physics	publisher	American Physical Society
Santorini	publisher	Public Domain
Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii. Radioelektronika	publisher	Kyiv Polytechnic Institute
Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii. Radioelektronika	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Pretty, Baby, Machine	publisher	Shadowline
Case Histories	publisher	Doubleday
King Arthur: The Role-Playing Wargame	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Eight Clouds Rising	publisher	Hakusensha
The Betrayal Knows My Name	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Born Blue	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Preventive Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Foreign Devil	publisher	Random House
Let the Great World Spin	publisher	Random House
Shikkoku no Sharnoth: What a Beautiful Tomorrow	publisher	Liar-soft
Colors in the Dreamweaver's Loom	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Terrorist Hunters	publisher	Bantam Press
Structure	publisher	Cell Press
The Resurrectionists	publisher	HarperCollins
Angel of Ruin	publisher	Voyager Books
Giants of the Frost	publisher	Voyager Books
The Autumn Castle	publisher	Voyager Books
Rihanna	publisher	Angelo Rizzoli
Red Cotton Night-Cap Country	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
A Cauldron of Witches	publisher	Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Shutterbug Follies	publisher	Doubleday
Space Adventures	publisher	Charlton Comics
Impact	publisher	Forge Books
Prey Invasion	publisher	Hands-On Mobile
South African Journal of Science	publisher	Academy of Science of South Africa
Ballroom of the Skies	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Consulting Psychology Journal: Practice and Research	publisher	American Psychological Association
Lyonia	publisher	Harold L. Lyon Arboretum
American Journal of Physical Anthropology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons for the American Association of Physical Anthropologists
Coders at work	publisher	Apress
Kuroko's Basketball	publisher	Shueisha
Kuroko's Basketball	publisher	Shueisha
Hanamaru Kindergarten	publisher	Square Enix
The White Body of Evening	publisher	Flamingo
The Seance	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Born of the Sea	publisher	Viking Press
Bulletin of the World Health Organization	publisher	World Health Organization
Tweenies: Doodles' Bones	publisher	BBC Multimedia
International Journal of Nanoscience	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Neural Systems	publisher	World Scientific
Behemoth	publisher	Simon Pulse
International Journal of Number Theory	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of PIXE	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Quantum Information	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Reliability, Quality and Safety Engineering	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Shape Modeling	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Structural Stability and Dynamics	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Theoretical and Applied Finance	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Uncertainty, Fuzziness and Knowledge-Based Systems	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal of Wavelets, Multiresolution and Information Processing	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Systems	publisher	World Scientific
International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Algebra and Its Applications	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Biological Systems	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology	publisher	Imperial College Press
Journal of Circuits, Systems, and Computers	publisher	World Scientific
Spilt Milk	publisher	Companhia das Letras
Rahbar	publisher	Tudeh Party of Iran
Spook Country	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Spook Country	publisher	Viking Press
Khavar-e no	publisher	Tudeh Party of Iran
Miracle's Boys	publisher	Penguin Group
Dog X Cat	publisher	Core Magazine
Journal of Instrumentation	publisher	International School for Advanced Studies
Journal of Instrumentation	publisher	Institute of Physics
Puffy's Saga	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment Software
Marvel Superstars	publisher	Upper Deck
Journal of Construction Research	publisher	World Scientific
Just Dance	publisher	Ubisoft
Journal of Developmental Entrepreneurship	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Earthquake and Tsunami	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Enterprising Culture	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Environmental Assessment Policy and Management	publisher	Imperial College Press
Journal of Information & Knowledge Management	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Hyperbolic Differential Equations	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Integrative Neuroscience	publisher	Imperial College Press
Journal of Interconnection Networks	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Knot Theory and Its Ramifications	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Mathematical Logic	publisher	World Scientific
Motorrad	publisher	Motor Presse Stuttgart
Dragon Age: Origins – Awakening	publisher	Electronic Arts
Journal of Mechanics in Medicine and Biology	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Musculoskeletal Research	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Nonlinear Mathematical Physics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Journal of Nonlinear Optical Physics & Materials	publisher	World Scientific
Journal of Porphyrins and Phthalocyanines	publisher	World Scientific
Hippocampus	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Silver Surfer	publisher	Marvel Comics
Night Passage	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Iorich	publisher	Tor Books
The War Within	publisher	University of California Press
Saint Young Men	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Theoretical and Computational Chemistry	publisher	World Scientific
Mathematical Models and Methods in Applied Sciences	publisher	World Scientific
Modern Physics Letters A	publisher	World Scientific
Modern Physics Letters B	publisher	World Scientific
Open Systems & Information Dynamics	publisher	World Scientific
New Mathematics and Natural Computation	publisher	World Scientific
Parallel Processing Letters	publisher	World Scientific
Reviews in Mathematical Physics	publisher	World Scientific
The Black Crusade	publisher	Chimaera Publications
The Pilo Family Circus	publisher	ABC Books
Review of Pacific Basin Financial Markets and Policies	publisher	World Scientific
MilK Magazine	publisher	France
The Singapore Economic Review	publisher	World Scientific
Stochastics and Dynamics	publisher	World Scientific
Surface Review and Letters	publisher	World Scientific
The Mystery of the Sea	publisher	Heinemann
The Mystery of the Sea	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Miss Betty	publisher	C. Arthur Pearson
The Shoulder of Shasta	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Lady Athlyne	publisher	Heinemann
The Mount Marunga Mystery	publisher	Kessinger Publishing
The Mount Marunga Mystery	publisher	N.S.W. Bookstall
Brooklyn	publisher	Viking Press
Trouble in Paradise	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Bed of Roses	publisher	Berkley Books
Land of Unlikeness	publisher	Cummington Press
Kimi ga Yobu, Megido no Oka de	publisher	Aquaplus
Bonk: Brink of Extinction	publisher	Hudson Soft
Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving	publisher	Heinemann
Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Famous Impostors	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
The Ebony Idol	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Contemporary Physics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Attack of the Mutant Penguins	publisher	Atari
Club Drive	publisher	Atari Corporation
Val d'Isère Skiing and Snowboarding	publisher	Atari
Godzilla Generations: Maximum Impact	publisher	Sega
Giant Killers	publisher	AAA
Journal of the American Board of Family Medicine	publisher	American Board of Family Medicine
Fancy Dance	publisher	Shogakukan
Chaos;Head Love Chu Chu!	publisher	5
Clash of the Titans	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Clash of the Titans	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Clash of the Titans	publisher	Glu Games
Journal of Statistical Mechanics: Theory and Experiment	publisher	International School for Advanced Studies and IOP Publishing
Bass Pro Shops: The Strike	publisher	XS Games/Psyclone
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2010	publisher	Activision
SBK-09: Superbike World Championship	publisher	Black Bean Games
Antz Racing	publisher	Light & Shadow Production
Průkopník svobody	publisher	Communist Party of Austria
Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights	publisher	Quercus
Gone	publisher	Ballantine Books
Game Change	publisher	HarperCollins
My Cleaner	publisher	Saqi Books
Floigan Bros.	publisher	Sega
I Am Jackie Chan	publisher	Random House Inc.
The Burning Land	publisher	HarperCollins
Eclipse	publisher	Edge Science Fiction and Fantasy Publishing
Love, A Rather Bad Idea	publisher	Srishti Publishers, New Delhi
Time Machines Repaired While-U-Wait	publisher	Edge Science Fiction and Fantasy Publishing
Star Wars: Flight of the Falcon	publisher	THQ
Keeper: Living with Nancy	publisher	Short Books
Vendetta	publisher	System 3
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader	publisher	Gameloft
Picture Perfect Hair Salon	publisher	505
Where's Wally%3F The Incredible Paper Chase	publisher	Walker Books  Candlewick Press
Food Rules: An Eater's Manual	publisher	Penguin Press
The Flight of Dragons	publisher	Pierrot Publishing Ltd, UK - 1979
The Flight of Dragons	publisher	Paper Tiger, UK - 1998
The Flight of Dragons	publisher	Overlook Press, United States - 1998
Metal Fatigue	publisher	HarperCollins
The Dark Imbalance	publisher	Voyager Books
Two Serious Ladies	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Fate of the Norns	publisher	Pendelhaven
System Flaw	publisher	Storm City Games
Death in Paradise	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Going Bovine	publisher	Delacorte Press
Brightest Day	publisher	DC Comics
The Star-Crowned Kings	publisher	DAW Books
Amyloid	publisher	Informa
Brain Injury	publisher	Taylor & Francis
VVVVVV	publisher	Nicalis
The Timeless Land	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Days of Atonement	publisher	Faber and Faber
Prelude to Christopher	publisher	P. R. Stephensen, Australia
Risk: Factions	publisher	Electronic Arts
Alice in Verse: The Lost Rhymes of Wonderland	publisher	Candleshoe Books
Dead or Alive Paradise	publisher	Tecmo Koei
The Blood of the Nation	publisher	Popular Science Monthly and American Unitarian Association
Bunnicula: A Rabbit-Tale of Mystery	publisher	Atheneum Books
The White Abacus	publisher	Avon Eos
The Postcard Killers	publisher	Little, Brown and Company, Piratförlaget
Armored Core V	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Superman & Bugs Bunny	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Investigative Dermatology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Journal of Urology	publisher	Elsevier
Human Mutation	publisher	Wiley-Liss on behalf of the Human Genome Variation Society
Thea Realm Fighters	publisher	Atari
Vintage Season	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
UCLA Law Review	publisher	UCLA School of Law
Transcension	publisher	Tor Books
Shattered Peace	publisher	HarperCollins and Tokyopop
The Auroras of Autumn	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
AI War: Fleet Command	publisher	Arcen Games
MLB 10: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Brief History of Crime	publisher	Atlantic Books
Apaimanee Saga: The Pirates Dawn	publisher	NED Comics
The Native Star	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Review of English Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Good in Bed	publisher	Washington Square Press
Signature in the Cell	publisher	HarperOne
Ace Combat: Joint Assault	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Phytotaxa	publisher	Magnolia Press
Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better	publisher	Grapevine India Publishers
Less Than Human	publisher	Warner Aspect
Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States	publisher	The Lyons Press
Medical Teacher	publisher	Informa
Justice League: Generation Lost	publisher	DC Comics
Developmental Neurorehabilitation	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Journal of Interprofessional Care	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Keepers of the House	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Keepers of the House	publisher	Harper & Row
Cancer Investigation	publisher	Informa
Leukemia & Lymphoma	publisher	Informa
International Journal of Radiation Biology	publisher	Informa
Journal of Medical Engineering & Technology	publisher	Informa
The Adventures of Philip	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
Harvard Review of Psychiatry	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Psychologist-Manager Journal	publisher	American Psychological Association
Horns	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Lilies In December	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Journal of Differential Geometry	publisher	International Press on behalf of Lehigh University
Fine Just the Way It Is	publisher	4
K-Machines	publisher	Thunder's Mouth Press
The Art of Drowning	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
Keeping It Real	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Pokémon Ranger: Guardian Signs	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Electric Hands	publisher	Shinshokan
Blob	publisher	Core Design
NBA Jam	publisher	EA Sports
The Manzai Comics	publisher	Jive
The 10,000 Year Explosion	publisher	Basic Books
Bannertail	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Zoobreak	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Loudest Whisper: Uwasa No Futari	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Liberty Liberty!	publisher	Gentosha
Brimstone	publisher	Putnam Adult
Picnic	publisher	Houbunsha
Brat	publisher	Image Works
Fiasco	publisher	Bully Pulpit Games
The Fourth River	publisher	Chatham University
Emmanuelle	publisher	Grove Press
Dengeki Daisy	publisher	Shogakukan
The Breaking Point	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Breaking Point	publisher	Doubleday
Cloud Kingdoms	publisher	Millennium Interactive Ltd.
Twilight Zone: 19 Original Stories on the 50th Anniversary	publisher	Tor Books
Mediterranean Historical Review	publisher	Routledge on behalf of  the School of History
COPD: Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease	publisher	Informa
Experimental Lung Research	publisher	Informa
Migration Letters	publisher	Transnational Press London
Journal of Asthma	publisher	Informa
International Journal of Hyperthermia	publisher	Informa
Clinical and Experimental Hypertension	publisher	Taylor & Francis
International Journal of Neuroscience	publisher	Informa
The Book of Unwritten Tales	publisher	HMH Interactive
The Book of Unwritten Tales	publisher	Lace Mamba
The Book of Unwritten Tales	publisher	Crimson Cow
The Book of Unwritten Tales	publisher	The Adventure Company
Stone Cold	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
What Did You Eat Yesterday%3F	publisher	Kodansha
Platelets	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Chronobiology International	publisher	Informa
Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine	publisher	Yale University Press
The Lion & the Mouse	publisher	Little Brown
Dragon Ball: Origins 2	publisher	Namco Bandai
Not Enough Time	publisher	Houbunsha
Security Studies	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Dark Void Zero	publisher	Capcom
The Atlantis Revelation	publisher	Pocket Books
Prehospital Emergency Care	publisher	Informa
Endocrine Research	publisher	Informa
Journal of Pain and Palliative Care Pharmacotherapy	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Autoimmunity	publisher	Informa
International Reviews of Immunology	publisher	Informa
Issues in Mental Health Nursing	publisher	Informa
Journal of Maternal-Fetal and Neonatal Medicine	publisher	Informa
Systems Biology in Reproductive Medicine	publisher	Informa
Pediatric Hematology and Oncology	publisher	Informa
Orbit	publisher	Informa
European Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Seminars in Ophthalmology	publisher	Informa
Ultrastructural Pathology	publisher	Informa
Madden NFL 11	publisher	EA Sports
Otherspace	publisher	Eos Books
The Broken Wheel	publisher	Moonstone
Swords Against Death	publisher	Ace Books
Swords in the Mist	publisher	Ace Books
Swords Against Wizardry	publisher	Ace Books
The Swords of Lankhmar	publisher	Ace Books
Swords and Ice Magic	publisher	Ace Books
The Knight and Knave of Swords	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Video Trek 88	publisher	Windmill Software
Hexyz Force	publisher	Atlus
Black Chicks Talking	publisher	Hodder Headline Australia
The Australian Ugliness	publisher	F. W Cheshire, Melbourne
Think or Sink	publisher	Sterling & Ross Publishers
Neuro-Ophthalmology	publisher	Informa
Crystal	publisher	Viking Juvenile
Logica Universalis	publisher	Birkhäuser Verlag
Again	publisher	Tecmo
Crows	publisher	Akita Shoten
Deucalion	publisher	University of Queensland Press
The Windup Girl	publisher	Night Shade Books
Vermeer's Hat	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Vermeer's Hat	publisher	Profile Books
Fermat's Last Theorem	publisher	Fourth Estate Ltd
Kiss All the Boys	publisher	Ohzora Publishing
Kiss All the Boys	publisher	Futabasha
Wizards & Warriors	publisher	Activision
Word Structure	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Primal Carnage	publisher	Reverb Publishing
The Sound of Thunder	publisher	Heinemann
Swords Against the Shadowland	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Dungeons & Dragons Master Rules	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Enviro-Capitalists: Doing Good While Doing Well	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
BlayzBloo: Super Melee Brawlers Battle Royale	publisher	Arc System Works
The Novel	publisher	Random House
Let My Babies Go! A Passover Story	publisher	Simon Spotlight; Simon & Schuster
Age of Mythology: The Boardgame	publisher	Eagle Games
Bones of the Dragon	publisher	Tor Books  and
Bones of the Dragon	publisher	Orbit
Journal asiatique	publisher	Peeters Publishers on behalf of the Société Asiatique
Glenn Drover's Empires: The Age of Discovery	publisher	Tropical Games
Glenn Drover's Empires: The Age of Discovery	publisher	Eagle Games
Travel Extra	publisher	Edmund Hourican
Considerations on Representative Government	publisher	Parker, Son, and Bourn
Busybody Nora	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography	publisher	Historical Society of Pennsylvania
The Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs	publisher	Ellis and White
Death by a Thousand Cuts	publisher	Harvard University Press
La Presse de Tunisie	publisher	Mohamed Gontara
Fire Technology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Other Face of Janus	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Just Kids	publisher	Ecco
Where the Wild Things Are	publisher	Warner Bros. Games
Where the Wild Things Are	publisher	Maurice Sendak
Magnetohydrodynamics	publisher	Institute of Physics, University of Latvia
S.L.H Stray Love Hearts!	publisher	MediaWorks
Misshitsu no Sacrifice	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Other Hand	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Greylands	publisher	Puffin Books
I Am Ozzy	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Power of Half	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Freddy and Fredericka	publisher	Penguin Press
The Complete Cosmicomics	publisher	Penguin Books
Freedom™	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Confusions of Pleasure	publisher	University of California Press
The Cultural Creatives	publisher	Harmony Books
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Third Choice	publisher	Deror Books
Eye to Eye	publisher	Puffin Books
Super Action Hero	publisher	Com2uS
Library Review	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Natural Law and Natural Rights	publisher	1980
Shadow of the Sword	publisher	Ballantine Books
UCD Law Review	publisher	University College Dublin
Katanagatari	publisher	Kodansha
The Big Book	publisher	Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc.
Trackers Series	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Suburban Times	publisher	Ben Sclair
Fact, Fiction, and Forecast	publisher	Harvard University Press
Praying for Power	publisher	Harvard University Asia Center
Course of Theoretical Physics	publisher	Russian: Fizmatgiz, Fizmatlit, Nauka
Course of Theoretical Physics	publisher	English: Addison-Wesley, Butterworth-Heinemann, Pergamon Press
Me and Hitch	publisher	Faber and Faber Limited
Movement Disorders	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Singing the Dogstar Blues	publisher	HarperCollins
Immunogenetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Cockroach	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company Inc.
Quelling the People	publisher	Oxford University Press,
Quelling the People	publisher	Lester Publishing,
Quelling the People	publisher	Stanford University Press
The Racial Contract	publisher	Cornell University Press
Chime	publisher	OneBigGame
Canadian Journal of Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology	publisher	Canadian Association of Speech-Language Pathologists and Audiologists
A Dark Victory	publisher	Omnibus Books
Quest for Camelot	publisher	Nintendo
The Spektator	publisher	Gwladys Street Publishing
Vanquish	publisher	Sega
High Profile	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Xenoblade Chronicles	publisher	Nintendo
The American Senator	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Magic in Ithkar 4	publisher	Tor Books
Magic in Ithkar 3	publisher	Tor Books
The Chinese State in Ming Society	publisher	Routledge
Annals of the American Thoracic Society	publisher	American Thoracic Society
American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology	publisher	American Thoracic Society
Collaboration: Japanese Agents and Local Elites in Wartime China	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Last Mafioso	publisher	Crown Publishing
The Eagle and the Raven	publisher	State House Press
A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush	publisher	Secker and Warburg
The Gazette of India	publisher	Department of Publication, Government of India
Bihu Songs of Assam	publisher	Lawyers Book Stall
The Seven Sisters of India	publisher	Prestel Publishing
Draconus	publisher	Zeppelin Games
Management International Review	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Leonard T. Miller	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Fatal System Error	publisher	Public Affairs Books
The Lost Fleet: Victorious	publisher	Ace Books
Retrovirology	publisher	BioMed Central
The Calligrapher	publisher	Fourth Estate
The Calligrapher	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Neo Geo Cup '98: The Road to the Victory	publisher	SNK Playmore
Neo Geo Cup '98: The Road to the Victory	publisher	SNK
Bite Me: A Love Story	publisher	William Morrow and Company
There Will Be Time	publisher	Doubleday
There Will Be Time	publisher	New American Library
IndyCar Series	publisher	Codemasters
Assamese Response to Regionalism	publisher	www.mittalbooks.com
Girl	publisher	Vertigo Vérite
The Officer's Guide to Police Pistolcraft	publisher	Saber Press
Lost in the Meritocracy	publisher	Doubleday
Aliens Versus Predator: Extinction	publisher	Electronic Arts
Beyblade: Metal Fusion	publisher	Shogakukan
Bedlam	publisher	Marion Lloyd Books
Sparks	publisher	Marion Lloyd Books
Teddy and the Yeti	publisher	Wagon Wheel Comics
Wonders of a Godless World	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Hand of Glory	publisher	Hodder Headline
Microcosm: E. coli and the New Science of Life	publisher	Pantheon Books
Jyotiprasad as a Film Maker	publisher	Rajib Baruah
Jyotiprasad as a Film Maker	publisher	Adi Publications
A World of Keflings	publisher	Microsoft Studios
RollerGames	publisher	Konami
Alyzon Whitestarr	publisher	Penguin Books
Spring Fever	publisher	Ohzora Publishing
Spring Fever	publisher	Houbunsha
International Tennis Open	publisher	Philips
Recessional	publisher	Random House
Riptide	publisher	Dirt Pie Press, University of Exeter
List of Gatchaman video games	publisher	Mikro-Gen Ltd
List of Gatchaman video games	publisher	Family Soft
List of Gatchaman video games	publisher	Bandai
List of Gatchaman video games	publisher	Banpresto
I Drink for a Reason	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Finnikin of the Rock	publisher	Viking Press
An Amateur Laborer	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Honey I Shrunk the World	publisher	Om Publishers
The Joys of Motherhood	publisher	Allison & Busby
Perspectives on Cinema of Assam	publisher	Gauhati Cine Club
War of Legends	publisher	Jagex
The Scandinavian Journal of Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Fires of Spring	publisher	Random House
Chimera	publisher	Telecomsoft
Big Girl	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Construction and Principal Uses of Mathematical Instruments	publisher	Paris
Return to Paradise	publisher	Random House
Anna Svärd	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Bridges at Toko-Ri	publisher	Random House
The Voice of Asia	publisher	Random House
Dragster	publisher	Activision
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Scientology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Bomberman Touch 2: Volcano Party	publisher	Hudson Soft
Texas Music	publisher	Stewart Ramser
Probation Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the National Association of Probation Officers
Folklore of Assam	publisher	National Book Trust
Sine Requie	publisher	Rose & Poison
Sine Requie	publisher	Asterion Press
Sayonara	publisher	Random House
Sket Dance	publisher	Shueisha
Sket Dance	publisher	Shueisha
The Real Global Warming Disaster	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group
Orion Burger	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Watermen	publisher	Random House
Economic Theory	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Language of Bees	publisher	Bantam Press
South Pacific	publisher	Gulliver Books
My Lost Mexico	publisher	State House Press, Austin, Texas
Miracle in Seville	publisher	Random House
Sojourn	publisher	Institute of Southeast Asian Studies
Matecumbe	publisher	University of Florida Press
Neuroscience	publisher	Elsevier
Happy Boys	publisher	Shinshokan
The Moon in the Cloud	publisher	Faber and Faber
Simplz: Zoo	publisher	Reflexive Entertainment
Pick Me Up	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
Motown and Didi	publisher	Laurel Leaf
The Wolves in the Walls	publisher	HarperCollins
Collected Stories for Children	publisher	Faber and Faber
Adaptability and Partnership: Issues for the Strategic Defence Review	publisher	Ministry of Defence
Formation Z	publisher	Jaleco
Horns Illustrated	publisher	James Schleicher
The Devil's Wind	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Game Over II	publisher	Dinamic Software
Glasses	publisher	William Heinemann
Hard-Hat Domo	publisher	Nintendo
Mount & Blade: Warband	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Mount & Blade: Warband	publisher	Ravenscourt
Blocks to Robots	publisher	Teachers College, Columbia University
Etrian Odyssey III: The Drowned City	publisher	Atlus
Darksong	publisher	Viking Australia
Nonkilling Global Political Science	publisher	Xlibris
Nonkilling Global Political Science	publisher	Center for Global Nonkilling
Fosse Way Magazine	publisher	Blackmore Vale Media Ltd
Blaster Master: Overdrive	publisher	Gaijinworks
Warcraft: The Board Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
The Einstein Girl	publisher	Harvill Secker
A Hymn Before Battle	publisher	Baen Books
Limes	publisher	Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso
Gust Front	publisher	Baen Books
Hell's Faire	publisher	Baen Books
Salvation on Sand Mountain	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Particle Dark Matter	publisher	Cambridge University Press
To All the Boys I've Loved Before	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children’s Publishing Division
Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim	publisher	Rachol Seminary
Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim	publisher	Goa
Sengoku Basara: Samurai Heroes	publisher	Capcom
Honour & Other People's Children	publisher	McPhee Gribble
Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars	publisher	LucasArts
Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Reversal	publisher	Little, Brown
The Defender	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Light at Tern Rock	publisher	Viking Press
Resurrectionist	publisher	HarperCollins
Through the Wheat	publisher	Scribner’s sons
Ariadne	publisher	Loughborough University
Watch on the Rhine	publisher	Baen Books
Đại Việt sử lược	publisher	Trần Dynasty
SpongeBob's Boating Bash	publisher	THQ
Digimon Story Lost Evolution	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Dashin' Desperadoes	publisher	Data East
Harvard Law and Policy Review	publisher	American Constitution Society for Law and Policy
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Predator	publisher	Ubisoft
Bill's New Frock	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Pastime	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011	publisher	Konami
Lankhmar – City of Adventure	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Last Centurion	publisher	Baen Books
Eye of the Storm	publisher	Baen Books
10	publisher	Capcom
The Tuloriad	publisher	Baen Books
Acta Astronomica	publisher	Copernicus Foundation for Polish Astronomy
Cally's War	publisher	Baen Books
The Hero	publisher	Baen Books
Sister Time	publisher	Baen Books
Harvest Bay	publisher	Eidolon Publications
Honor of the Clan	publisher	Baen Books
The Lost Books of the Odyssey	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Saiwai Qixia Zhuan	publisher	Chou Mo Pao
Social Psychology	publisher	Hogrefe Publishing
Rubik's Puzzle World	publisher	The Game Factory
Blue Screen	publisher	Berkley Books
Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 2	publisher	Square Enix
Rise of Prussia	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Slow Chocolate Autopsy	publisher	Phoenix House
No Less Than Victory	publisher	Ballantine Books
L'ordalia	publisher	Rusconi
JumpStart Kindergarten	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Half the Blood of Brooklyn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Every Last Drop	publisher	Del Rey Books
My Dead Body	publisher	Del Rey Books
Doom II RPG	publisher	JAMDAT Mobile
Buddhist Studies Review	publisher	Equinox on behalf of the UK Association for Buddhist Studies
Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage	publisher	Tecmo Koei
RFactor 2	publisher	Self published by Image Space Incorporated
The Day of the Troll	publisher	BBC Audio
RapeLay	publisher	Illusion Soft
2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa	publisher	EA Sports
Psychoanalysis and Religion	publisher	Yale University Press
The Book of Sand	publisher	Emecé Editores
Play Boy Blues	publisher	Biblos
Play Boy Blues	publisher	Libre Publishing
Mockingjay	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
X Games SnoCross	publisher	ESPN
The Sword of God	publisher	Penguin Books
FIFA 11	publisher	EA Sports
Description of a Struggle	publisher	Editor Max Brod
Description of a Struggle	publisher	Schocken Books
Journal of Hypertension	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Zero History	publisher	Viking
Moonbase Alpha	publisher	NASA Learning Technologies
The BLT Cookbook	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Ridge Racer Accelerated	publisher	Namco Networks
Biostatistics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Pharaoh's Curse	publisher	Synapse Software
Flip & Flop	publisher	First Star Software
Flip & Flop	publisher	State Soft
Elvira: The Arcade Game	publisher	Flair Software
Men of War: Red Tide	publisher	1
Men of War: Red Tide	publisher	505
Men of War: Red Tide	publisher	Aspyr Media
Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
World of Warcraft: Arthas: Rise of the Lich King	publisher	Pocket Books
A Guide to Window-Dressing	publisher	W H & L Collingridge
The Chaos Engine 2	publisher	Renegade Software ,
The Chaos Engine 2	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Iro ni Ide ni Keri Waga Koi wa	publisher	Windmill
International Journal of Cardiology	publisher	Elsevier
Europace	publisher	Oxford University Press
Sweets and Other Stories	publisher	Kicks Books
Sweets and Other Stories	publisher	Norton Records
Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules	publisher	TSR, Inc.
A Catalogue of Books Printed in the Fifteenth Century now in the Bodleian Library	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Adventures of Harry Richmond	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
The Philadelphia Negro	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Signal	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Mary Marston	publisher	Sampson Low Publishers, London
Dream Weavers	publisher	Penguin Books
Hospital of the Transfiguration	publisher	Czytelnik
Star Trigon	publisher	Namco
Ramage and the Freebooters	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Time and Chance	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Frogger Returns	publisher	Konami
Penguin Lost	publisher	Vintage Books
Officers	publisher	Tri Synergy
German Truck Simulator	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
Evernight	publisher	HarperTeen
Forged by Fire	publisher	Atheneum Books
Forumwarz	publisher	Crotch Zombie Productions
The War I Always Wanted	publisher	Zenith Press, Minneapolis
Double Identity	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Genghis Khan: Aoki Ookami to Shiroki Mejika IV	publisher	Koei
Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Threepenny Novel	publisher	Grove Press
Asphalt 5	publisher	Gameloft
The Heat of the Day	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Stone's Fall	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop	publisher	John Blake Publishing
Santa Olivia	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Full Dark, No Stars	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Merlusine	publisher	Roc Books
Conservative Victory	publisher	HarperCollins
European Journal of Cancer Prevention	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Melanoma Research	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Heroes and Horrors	publisher	Whispers Press
All Clear	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Journal of the American College of Cardiology	publisher	Elsevier for the American College of Cardiology
Rugby	publisher	EA Sports
Pigment Cell & Melanoma Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Lazy Raiders	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Blaze of Silver	publisher	Puffin Books
Blaze of Silver	publisher	Walker & Company
Westmount Examiner	publisher	Denis Therrien
The Horns of Elfland	publisher	Roc Books
Journal of Heterocyclic Chemistry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Unfinished Revolution	publisher	HarperCollins
The Art Lesson	publisher	Trumpet Publishing
Heroic Visions	publisher	Ace Books
Outcry	publisher	The Adventure Company
Fitoterapia	publisher	Elsevier
Heroic Visions II	publisher	Ace Books
UFC Undisputed 2010	publisher	THQ
The Scottish Historical Review	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Journal of Contemporary History	publisher	Sage Publications
Tecmo Bowl Throwback	publisher	Tecmo
The Devil and Sherlock Holmes	publisher	Doubleday
The Zen of CSS Design	publisher	Peachpit Press
Menace	publisher	Atlas Comics
Closer	publisher	Chicken House Publishing
The Book of Fritz Leiber	publisher	DAW Books
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary	publisher	Abrams Books
Mayoi Neko Overrun!	publisher	Shueisha
Comet	publisher	Random House
Crypt of Cthulhu	publisher	Cryptic Publications
Crypt of Cthulhu	publisher	Necronomicon Press
Crypt of Cthulhu	publisher	Mythos Books
A Walk-On Part in the War	publisher	Voyager Books
The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia	publisher	Continuum Books
Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
Little Hands Clapping	publisher	Canongate Books
Bionic Heart	publisher	Riva Celso
Batwoman	publisher	DC Comics
S.H.I.E.L.D.	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dreaming Down-Under	publisher	Voyager Books
Ultimate Comics: X	publisher	Ultimate Marvel
Culture Machine	publisher	Open Humanities Press
Teaching Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
History Compass	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Top-Notch Comics	publisher	MLJ Magazines Inc
An Nam chí lược	publisher	Yuan Dynasty
International Journal of Primatology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Whispers of the Mist Children	publisher	Chimaera Publications
Xiagu Danxin	publisher	Sin Wan Pao
Kung Food	publisher	Atari Corporation
The British Journal for the History of Science	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Spare Change	publisher	Berkley Books
Transformers G1: Awakening	publisher	Glu Mobile
G.I. Joe: Cobra	publisher	IDW Publishing
Wildstorm: DreamWar	publisher	DC Comics
Wildstorm: DreamWar	publisher	Wildstorm
What Darwin Got Wrong	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Spider-Woman	publisher	Marvel Comics
Android Karenina	publisher	Quirk Books, Philadelphia
The Second Book of Fritz Leiber	publisher	DAW Books
Social Service Review	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review	publisher	Harvard Law School
Harvard International Law Journal	publisher	Harvard Law School
Kamakhya, A Socio-Cultural Study	publisher	D. K. Printworld  Ltd
Mōretsu Atarō	publisher	Shogakukan
Nature Chemistry	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Passionate Theory	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Othello	publisher	Outou Shobou
Pleasure Dome	publisher	Houbunsha
Defense Devil	publisher	Shogakukan
Veterinary Record	publisher	BMJ Group
The Life Stage: Virtual House	publisher	Panasonic
In Practice	publisher	BVA Publications
In Practice	publisher	BMJ Group
Shiki	publisher	Shinchosha
Shiki	publisher	Shueisha
Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse	publisher	Telltale Games
The Elements of Java Style	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Luso-Brazilian Review	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
The Book of Lairs	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Baree, Son of Kazan	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap, NY
The Poisoner's Handbook	publisher	Penguin Press
Missouri Boy	publisher	First Second Books
The Prime Minister's Secret Diplomacy	publisher	Taiyoh Tosho
Toy Soldiers	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Motorcycle Consumer News	publisher	Lumina Media
Tetris Dekaris	publisher	Sega
Fire	publisher	Penguin Group
Scrap Metal	publisher	Microsoft
Sorcerer's Kingdom	publisher	Treco
Toy Story 3: The Video Game	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Stranger in Paradise	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature	publisher	University of Tulsa
Happy to be Here	publisher	Atheneum Publishers
Song for the Basilisk	publisher	Ace Books
Journal of Polymer Science Part B	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games	publisher	Sega
Bug Jack Barron	publisher	Walker & Co.
Diaries 1969–1979: The Python Years	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The World According to Kipling	publisher	Chimaera Publications
Suckers	publisher	Vintage Books
Architectural Heritage	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Ben Jonson Journal	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The Secret History of the Mongol Queens	publisher	Crown
Dance Research	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Deleuze Studies	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Derrida Today	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Edinburgh Law Review	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Gratuitous Space Battles	publisher	Positech Games
Innes Review	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls	publisher	featured-items
Fordham Law Review	publisher	Fordham Law School
Niji no Silkroad	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Virtual World	publisher	Viking Penguin
The Final Storm	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Woman of Endor	publisher	Orb Publications
A Light in the Black	publisher	Penguin Books
The Best of Fritz Leiber	publisher	Sphere Books
No One Would Listen	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Ayakashi no Shiro	publisher	SETA Corporation
Bounty Bob Strikes Back!	publisher	Big Five Software
Kilico	publisher	Kodansha
Rovering to Success	publisher	Herbert Jenkins Limited
Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand	publisher	Master Point Press
JaJaMaru Gekimaden: Maboroshi no Kinmajou	publisher	Jaleco
NCAA Football 11	publisher	EA Sports
Aetolia	publisher	Iron Realms Entertainment
Kurashina Sensei's Passion	publisher	Biblos, Libre Publishing
Diario Popular	publisher	Jorge Fascetto
Shield-Wizard Comics	publisher	MLJ Magazines Inc
Knot	publisher	Frontier Works
Lords of the Black Sun	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Prince Charming	publisher	Houbunsha
A Change of Climate	publisher	Viking Books
A Change of Climate	publisher	Owl Books
Touhou Hisōtensoku	publisher	Twilight Frontier
Boys Love	publisher	Shinshokan
La Sentinelle	publisher	Sandglass Enterprises
Metro 2033	publisher	Eksmo, Orionbooks
Information Processing Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Distributed Computing	publisher	Springer-Verlag
The Western Heritage	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Grease	publisher	505
Grease	publisher	Paramount Digital Entertainment
Hot Shots Golf	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Shakespeare Yearbook	publisher	Texas A&M University
Sufi Paranja Katha	publisher	DC Books
Demon King Daimao	publisher	Hobby Japan
Demon King Daimao	publisher	Akita Shoten
Newsweek Pakistan	publisher	Iqbal Z. Ahmed
Ro	publisher	Roamular LLC
Rezon	publisher	Allumer
Astonishing Spider-Man & Wolverine	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Dark Eye: Demonicon	publisher	Kalypso Media
The Roar	publisher	The Chicken House
Tara of the Twilight	publisher	Zebra Books
Ankh: Battle of the Gods	publisher	BHV Software
Bacon and Hams	publisher	Institute of Certificated Grocers
Demise: Rise of the Ku'tan	publisher	IPC Software
Southern Blood	publisher	Sandglass Enterprises
Superbike 2001	publisher	Electronic Arts
Daylight Robbery	publisher	Blaft Books
The Gardens of Light	publisher	Lattès
Journal of Personnel Psychology	publisher	Hogrefe Publishing
Frontiers in Zoology	publisher	BioMed Central
Ninja Taro	publisher	UPL
Ninja Taro	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Dominant Species	publisher	Centurion
Lost Saga	publisher	Z8Games
Dragon Knight 4	publisher	ELF Corporation
Dragon Knight 4	publisher	NEC Avenue
Dragon Knight 4	publisher	Banpresto
Little Master	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
International Journal of Applied Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Echoshift	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Human Killing Machine	publisher	U.S. Gold
Shitsurakuen	publisher	Square Enix
Hate That Cat	publisher	HarperCollins
Hate That Cat	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Catabolic Magic	publisher	Chimaera Publications
Weavers of Twilight	publisher	Agog! Press
The Greater Death of Saito Saku	publisher	Agog! Press
A Fine Magic	publisher	Eidolon Books
The Owl of Minerva	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
C3 Racing	publisher	Infogrames
Memo – Magazine of European Medical Oncology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Space Opera	publisher	Futura Publishing LLC
Space Opera	publisher	DAW Books
Racket Attack	publisher	Jaleco
The Pitcher Shower	publisher	The Toby Press
The Pigman & Me	publisher	Bantam Starfire
The Pigman & Me	publisher	Red Fox
The Pigman & Me	publisher	Lions
The Pigman & Me	publisher	Heinemann New Windmills
The Pigman & Me	publisher	Graymalkin Media
The Pigman & Me	publisher	The Bodley Head
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Rutgers Journal of Law & Public Policy	publisher	Rutgers School of Law–Camden
Nemesis	publisher	Icon Comics
The Hounds of Artemis	publisher	BBC Audio
Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Dietary Supplements	publisher	Informa Healthcare
SOCOM 4	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Umizaru	publisher	Shogakukan
Perchance to Dream	publisher	Putnam Adult
The Sims 3: Ambitions	publisher	Electronic Arts
NHL 2K11	publisher	2
Once Giants Roamed the Earth	publisher	Agog! Press
Once Giants Roamed the Earth	publisher	Aqueduct Press
Sir Hereward and Mister Fitz Go to War Again	publisher	Baen Publishing
Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them	publisher	Free Press
IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation	publisher	IEEE Antennas & Propagation Society
Sammarynda Deep	publisher	Senses 5 Press
Intersect	publisher	Nintendo
The Mars Project	publisher	Frankfurt: Umschau Verlag
The Mars Project	publisher	Urbana, Illinois
The Mars Project	publisher	University of Illinois Press
James Bond 007: Goldfinger	publisher	Mindscape
Crystals of Arborea	publisher	Silmarils
Fox Bunny Funny	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Biggest Elvis: A Novel	publisher	Penguin
No Apology	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
DJMax Technika 2	publisher	Pentavision
The Otaku Encyclopedia	publisher	Kodansha
Women of the Apocalypse	publisher	Absolute XPress
The American Journal of Semiotics	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center on behalf of the Semiotic Society of America
Personal Foul	publisher	VTi-Group, Inc.
The Wings of the Sphinx	publisher	Penguin Books
The Wings of the Sphinx	publisher	Sellerio Editore
List of minor Apogee Software video games	publisher	Apogee Software
List of minor Apogee Software video games	publisher	3D Realms
Literary Reflections	publisher	State House Press
Once a Month, On a Sunday	publisher	ASIM Collective
Fag Hag	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Acorna's Triumph	publisher	Harper
Planta Medica	publisher	Thieme Medical Publishers
Warriors	publisher	Tor Books
The Emperor's Code	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Cruelest Month	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Techné: Research in Philosophy and Technology	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Beginnings – Malayalam	publisher	KeralaComics.com  and LiveEyes Media Publications
Nepenthes of Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia	publisher	Natural History Publications
The Cool War	publisher	Del Rey Books
I Am Legion	publisher	Les Humanoïdes Associés
I Am Legion	publisher	Humanoids Publishing
I Am Legion	publisher	DC Comics
I Am Legion	publisher	Devil's Due Productions
Journal of Philosophical Research	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Judging Eye	publisher	The Overlook Press
The Judging Eye	publisher	& Orbit
Fox at the Front	publisher	Tor Books
Tag: The Power of Paint	publisher	DigiPen
Environmental Ethics	publisher	Environmental Philosophy
The Right to Write	publisher	Penguin Putnam Inc.
Zip Comics	publisher	MLJ Magazines Inc
Heroman	publisher	Square Enix
Seek and Destroy	publisher	Safari Software
Seek and Destroy	publisher	Mindscape
Journal of Chinese Religions	publisher	Maney Publishing on behalf of the Society for the Study of Chinese Religions
Utacchi	publisher	Konami
Agog! Smashing Stories	publisher	Agog! Press
Karma Cola	publisher	Various, see table
New Europe	publisher	Basil Coronakis
The Boy who Talked to Trees	publisher	Penguin books
Rock Band 3	publisher	MTV Games
Rock Band 3	publisher	Mad Catz
The Nation's Health	publisher	American Public Health Association
Oninagi	publisher	Houbunsha
Guilty Party	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Story of Tom Brennan	publisher	Random House
Daikaiju! Giant Monster Tales	publisher	Agog! Press
Ratatouille: Food Frenzy	publisher	THQ
Tales of Phantasia: Narikiri Dungeon X	publisher	Namco Bandai
Hangman Comics	publisher	MLJ Magazines Inc
Lords of Creation	publisher	Avalon Hill
Blade Wars	publisher	Sohu
Gutenberg-Jahrbuch	publisher	Internationale Gutenberg-Gesellschaft
Fires of Winter	publisher	Avon Books
The Salon	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Commonwealth	publisher	Harvard University Press
Hearts Aflame	publisher	Avon Books
Tasty Planet	publisher	PlayFirst
The Fight: Lights Out	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Mile High Pinball	publisher	Nokia
Twelve Rounds to Glory	publisher	Candlewick Press
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11	publisher	EA Sports
International Journal of Humanities and Arts Computing	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
International Research in Children's Literature	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Journal of British Cinema and Television	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Journal of International Political Theory	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Scottish Historical Studies	publisher	Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Economic and Social History Society of Scotland
PlayStation Move Ape Escape	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs	publisher	Scholastic
Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs	publisher	HarperTeen
Bubble Bath Babes	publisher	Panesian
Bubble Bath Babes	publisher	Hacker International
Bubble Bath Babes	publisher	American Video Entertainment
Quarry	publisher	Marion Lloyd Books
Rupert and the Toymaker's Party	publisher	Quicksilva
Glimmerati	publisher	Nokia
Solar	publisher	Random House
Wanna Be a Bride	publisher	Dar al-Shuruq
Requiem of Hell	publisher	Nokia
Marcel Desailly Pro Soccer	publisher	Gameloft
The World Is My Home	publisher	Random House
Dirt 3	publisher	Codemasters
Dirt 3	publisher	Feral Interactive
Ocean Science	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union
The Battle	publisher	Edition Grasset et Fassquelle , Grove Press
Palos of the Dog Star Pack	publisher	Avalon Books
Organization & Environment	publisher	Sage Publications
State of War	publisher	1988
Will Grayson, Will Grayson	publisher	the Penguin Group
Girl Comics	publisher	Timely Comics
Girl Comics	publisher	Girl Confessions
Girl Comics	publisher	Atlas Comics
Girl Comics	publisher	Marvel Comics
Pure Football	publisher	Ubisoft
Free Radical Biology and Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
The Monster in the Box	publisher	Hutchinson
The Monster in the Box	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Monster in the Box	publisher	Doubleday
Journal for Peace and Justice Studies	publisher	Center for Peace & Justice Education
Journey Among Warriors	publisher	Doubleday
Journey Among Warriors	publisher	Heinemann
Twice Blessed	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland retold in words of one syllable	publisher	A. L. Burt Company
Viajero	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc.
The Summer of the Danes	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
The Delicate Prey and Other Stories	publisher	Random House
Nepenthes of Borneo	publisher	Natural History Publications
Treatise on the Gods	publisher	Alfred A Knopf ; The Johns Hopkins University Press
The Last V8	publisher	Mastertronic
Mass	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc.
Otherworld Barbara	publisher	Shogakukan
Tree	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc.
The Pretenders	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc.
Eumeswil	publisher	Klett-Cotta
Frontiers of Law in China	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Higher Education Press
Macedonia	publisher	Random House
Gamaran	publisher	Kodansha
Bloodline Champions	publisher	Funcom
The Acorn	publisher	St. Bonaventure University, philosophy department
Teaching Ethics	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Business and Professional Ethics Journal	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Epoché: A Journal for the History of Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Rosales Saga	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House, Inc.
Shinto Directive	publisher	Federal government of the United States
Operation Barbarossa – The Struggle for Russia	publisher	Matrix Games , EuroVision
Beanotown Racing	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
International Studies in Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Pac-Man Battle Royale	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Animal Man	publisher	DC Comics
Animal Man	publisher	Vertigo
On My Walk	publisher	Tradewind Books
Bedtime Tales	publisher	Kodansha
Crackout	publisher	Konami
Africa Bible Commentary	publisher	WordAlive Publishers
Africa Bible Commentary	publisher	Zondervan
Yendorian Tales: The Tyrants of Thaine	publisher	Spectrum Pacific Publishing
Yendorian Tales Book I: Chapter 2	publisher	Spectrum Pacific Publishing
Shaun the Sheep	publisher	D3 Publisher
Drita	publisher	The current publisher is the Association of the Young Modern Artists of Albania; prior publishers included Petro Poga, Shahin Kolonja, and the Albanian League of Writers and Artists,
Father's Kill	publisher	Firkin Press
Double Spoiler	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae, or Parrots	publisher	Edward Lear
Monster Hunter Portable 3rd	publisher	Capcom
The Mouthpiece of Zitu	publisher	Avalon Books
Jason, Son of Jason	publisher	Avalon Books
The Rage Against God	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group
The Rage Against God	publisher	Zondervan
Wakeboarding HD	publisher	Creat Studios
CESifo Economic Studies	publisher	CESifo Group
CESifo Economic Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Night and Day	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Bodycount	publisher	Codemasters
Ben 10 Alien Force: The Rise of Hex	publisher	Konami
In the Claws of Brightness	publisher	De La Salle University Press
Metamaterials	publisher	Elsevier
Clara in Blunderland	publisher	William Heinemann
Lost in Blunderland	publisher	William Heinemann
Merry Tales	publisher	Charles L. Webster
Split Image	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Yale French Studies	publisher	Yale University Press
The Periodic Table	publisher	Kingfisher Publications
The Periodic Table	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Yale Journal of Criticism	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
New Fairy Tales	publisher	C. A. Reitzel
Chaos Rings	publisher	Square Enix
Systematic Biology	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Systematic Biologists
First Amendment Law Review	publisher	University of North Carolina School of Law
History and Anthropology	publisher	Routledge
Geographische Zeitschrift	publisher	Franz Steiner Verlag
Historia	publisher	Franz Steiner Verlag
Histopathology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
History & Memory	publisher	Indiana University Press
Histoire & Sociétés Rurales	publisher	Association d'Histoire des Sociétés Rurales
The History Teacher	publisher	The Society for History Education
Hispania	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of the American Association of Teachers of Spanish and Portuguese
Star Wars: The Old Republic: Fatal Alliance	publisher	Del Rey Books
Lias	publisher	Peeters Academic Publishing
Pitcher Plants of the Old World	publisher	Redfern Natural History Productions
Eidolon I	publisher	Eidolon Books
Shadrach in the Furnace	publisher	New York : Bobbs-Merrill, 1976 ; London : Gollancz, 1977.
Collectors, Forgers — And A Writer: A Memoir	publisher	Targ Editions
Shadow Tower Abyss	publisher	FromSoftware
State Magazine	publisher	U.S. Department of State
Early Music	publisher	Oxford University Press
Early Music History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Early Popular Visual Culture	publisher	Routledge
Early Theatre	publisher	Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies
Early American Literature	publisher	University of North Carolina Press
Florida Libraries	publisher	Florida Library Association
Florida Media Quarterly	publisher	Florida Association for Media in Education
Early American Studies	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
English Language and Linguistics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
English Literary Renaissance	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Entertainment and Sports Lawyer	publisher	American Bar Association
Election Law Journal	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Dungeon Master: Theron's Quest	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Deakin Law Review	publisher	Deakin University School of Law
Death Studies	publisher	Routledge
Debatte	publisher	Routledge
Alice in Wonderland	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Max & the Magic Marker	publisher	The Games Company
Max & the Magic Marker	publisher	Press Play
MechQuest	publisher	Artix Entertainment
Fairy Tales Told for Children	publisher	C. A. Reitzel
AdventureQuest Worlds	publisher	Artix Entertainment
Heidegger Studies	publisher	Duncker & Humblot
Proceedings of the American Catholic Philosophical Association	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Dungeon Master Nexus	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
My Date Comics	publisher	Hillman Periodicals
Paper Cities	publisher	Senses Five Press
Songs of the Dying Earth	publisher	Subterranean Press
International Cricket 2010	publisher	Codemasters
Chirality	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
I Don't Care About Your Band	publisher	Gotham Books
PLOS Currents	publisher	Public Library of Science
Graduate Faculty Philosophy Journal	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Faith and Philosophy	publisher	Society of Christian Philosophers
Venvaroha	publisher	Malayalam commentary edited by K.V. Sarma and printed by Sanskrit College, Thrippunithura, Kerala, India
Dynasty Warriors 7	publisher	Tecmo Koei
The Holy Thief	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Hourglass	publisher	HarperTeen
Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources	publisher	Oxford University Press for the British Academy
Agricultural History	publisher	Agricultural History Society
Afrique & Histoire	publisher	Editions Verdier
Agricultural History Review	publisher	British Agricultural History Society
American Communist History	publisher	Routledge
Analecta Hibernica	publisher	Irish Manuscripts Commission
American Literary History	publisher	Oxford University Press
Archivium Hibernicum	publisher	Catholic History Society of Ireland
Rock of the Dead	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Rock of the Dead	publisher	UFO Interactive
More Dark Than Shark	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Farmer's Wife	publisher	Crestwood Publications
The Farmer's Wife	publisher	Prize
Moonlight Mile	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Village 1104	publisher	*Reviewer's Edition:\n                  *Market Edition:
Central European History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Arkansas Historical Quarterly	publisher	Arkansas Historical Association
Comparative Studies in Society and History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Economic History Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic History Society
Health and History	publisher	Australian and New Zealand Society of the History of Medicine
Ethnohistory	publisher	Duke University Press
Economic Geography	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of Clark University
M.A.C.H. 3	publisher	Mylstar/Taito
Killer: The Game of Assassination	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
A Million Miles in a Thousand Years	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Purity and Danger	publisher	Routledge
Natural Symbols	publisher	Barrie & Rockliff
Natural Symbols	publisher	Cresset Press
I Ran Away with a Truck Driver	publisher	St. John Publishing
Stair Memorial Encyclopaedia	publisher	Butterworths LexisNexis
Top Gear	publisher	The Times Group
Sleepless	publisher	Ballantine Books
Waking the Witch	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Risk and Blame	publisher	Routledge
X-Plane Airliner	publisher	Laminar Research
Zone of Emptiness	publisher	The World Publishing Company
Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Pediatric Obesity	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Obesity
Darkness, Take My Hand	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Journal of Intellectual & Developmental Disability	publisher	Informa
Ninja Girls	publisher	Kodansha
Nordic Historical Review	publisher	Presses Universitaires du Mirail
The Art of Racing in the Rain	publisher	HarperCollins
Planet Minigolf	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
9th Sleep	publisher	Biblos
9th Sleep	publisher	Futabasha
Clinical Anatomy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Finding Chandra	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Cactus's Secret	publisher	Shueisha
Cheaper by the Dozen	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
The Road to Total Freedom	publisher	Heinemann
Zoo Biology	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Nine	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Alice in the Country of Hearts	publisher	Mag Garden
Alice in the Country of Hearts	publisher	Ichijinsha
Miracle Cure	publisher	British Amer Pub LTD
Play Dead	publisher	British Amer Pub Ltd
I, Sniper	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gone for Good	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Free Speech, %22The People's Darling Privilege%22	publisher	Duke University Press
Jingle Jangle Comics	publisher	Eastern Color under the Famous Funnies, Inc. imprint
Adventures with Rebbe Mendel	publisher	Feldheim Publishers
Rin!	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Blood Honey	publisher	Gentosha
Symposium	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Symposium	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Night of the Grizzlies	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Romantic Illusions	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Super Casino 2	publisher	Coconuts Japan
The Attenbury Emeralds	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Profezia	publisher	Genias
Stepping on Roses	publisher	Shueisha
The Keeper of Secrets	publisher	McCall
The Demon in the Sun Parlor	publisher	New American Library
Limbo	publisher	Playdead
Limbo	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
IC in a Sunflower	publisher	Shodensha
TV Quick	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
Take a Break	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
Iguana Girl	publisher	Shogakukan
Noesis	publisher	University of Evansville
SNK vs. Capcom: Card Fighters Clash	publisher	SNK
SNK vs. Capcom: Card Fighters Clash	publisher	SNK Playmore
Museum Anthropology Review	publisher	Indiana University Bloomington Libraries and Mathers Museum of World Cultures
Avalon	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Walking Shadow	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
V	publisher	Ocean Software
The Oxford Book of Science Fiction Stories	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tonda Couple	publisher	Kodansha
Blockade Billy	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Microwave and Optical Technology Letters	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Self Help	publisher	Picador
Self Help	publisher	Mariner Books
Rendiconti del Seminario Matematico Università e Politecnico di Torino	publisher	University of Turin
Journal of Business & Securities Law	publisher	Michigan State University College of Law
How We Came To Live Here	publisher	Galileo Games
Walk of the Spirits	publisher	Penguin Group
Spiritual Heritage of India	publisher	Vedanta Press
Storm Warning	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
I Made a Game with Zombies in It!	publisher	Ska Studios
I Made a Game with Zombies in It!	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sweethearts	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Sweethearts	publisher	Charlton Comics
IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques	publisher	IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society
Conduit 2	publisher	Sega
The Treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Thief	publisher	Square Enix
Minna Agechau	publisher	Shueisha
The Dishwasher: Vampire Smile	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ	publisher	Canongate Books
Irish America	publisher	Niall O'Dowd
The London Jilt	publisher	Henry Rhodes
Molar Maul	publisher	Imagine Software
The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Slave	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux
CarneyVale: Showtime	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Psychiatric Quarterly	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Life of Vertebrates	publisher	Oxford : Clarendon
Road Rash 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Taken by Force	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
A Scattered Life	publisher	AmazonEncore
Good! Afternoon	publisher	Kodansha
IEEE Microwave and Wireless Components Letters	publisher	IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society
Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions	publisher	Activision
Maza of the Moon	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Children of the River	publisher	Bantam Doubleday Dell Books for Young Readers
Mektig og avmektig	publisher	Genesis Publishers
The Cruise of the Breadwinner	publisher	Michael Joseph
Psychological Reports	publisher	Sage
Shadow Company: Left For Dead	publisher	Ubisoft
Alcatraz	publisher	Infogrames
Zhou Enlai: The Last Perfect Revolutionary	publisher	New York: Public Affairs
Kai Lung Raises His Voice	publisher	Durrant Publishing
Multivariate Behavioral Research	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Monstrumologist	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Analytica Chimica Acta	publisher	Elsevier
Twig the Fairy	publisher	Twig the Fairy, LLC
Catalogue of Works in Refutation of Methodism	publisher	John Penington
Journal of Marketing	publisher	American Marketing Association
B Gata H Kei	publisher	Shueisha
Monday Night Combat	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Monday Night Combat	publisher	Uber Entertainment
Glitz	publisher	Arbor House
Al Sabaah	publisher	Iraqi Media Network
And Who Will Make the Chapatis%3F	publisher	Stree Publications
Sin	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House ,  \nRandom House
Dos Abend Blatt	publisher	Socialist Labor Party
St. Urbain's Horseman	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
St. Urbain's Horseman	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
St. Urbain's Horseman	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Retreat	publisher	Edition Grasset et Fassquelle , Grove Press
Son of a Smaller Hero	publisher	André Deutsch
Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming	publisher	Bantam Spectra
A Choice of Enemies	publisher	André Deutsch
Jackson's Dilemma	publisher	Chatto & Windus
White Figure, White Ground	publisher	Ryerson Press
Argumentation and Advocacy	publisher	American Forensic Association
IEEE Microwave Magazine	publisher	IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society
Heileen	publisher	Tycoon Games
The Swing in the Garden	publisher	Oberon Press
Essential Teachings	publisher	MJF Books
Essential Teachings	publisher	North Atlantic Books
The Hockey Stick Illusion	publisher	Stacey International
The Gods Return	publisher	Tor Books
Pearl Harbor Trilogy – 1941: Red Sun Rising	publisher	Legendo Entertainment
Pearl Harbor Trilogy – 1941: Red Sun Rising	publisher	3
Gaiapolis	publisher	Konami
Nonviolent Soldier of Islam	publisher	Nilgiri Press; others
Luminătorul	publisher	Metropolis of Bessarabia
The Courtney Novels	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Misionarul	publisher	Metropolis of Bessarabia
Call of Duty: Black Ops	publisher	Activision
Shock: Social Science Fiction	publisher	The glyphpress
Playing with Fire	publisher	HarperCollins
Spécialités de la Maison	publisher	The American Friends of France
Dracula the Undead	publisher	Severn House Publishers
Rizal: Philippine Nationalist and Martyr	publisher	Oxford University Press
24 for 3	publisher	CB Editions
24 for 3	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
24 for 3	publisher	Soho Press
Midnight and the Meaning of Love	publisher	Atria/Simon & Schuster
Gandhi the Man	publisher	Nilgiri Press; others
The Principal Upanishads	publisher	Allen & Unwin; Harper India; others
Geometry Wars: Touch	publisher	Activision Publishing, Inc.
The Twelfth Card	publisher	Simon & Schuster
I Was Told There'd Be Cake	publisher	Riverhead Books
Keroro RPG: Kishi to Musha to Densetsu no Kaizoku	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Studies in World Christianity	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The Prisoner in the Opal	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Prisoner in the Opal	publisher	Doubleday Doran
They Wouldn't Be Chessmen	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
They Wouldn't Be Chessmen	publisher	Doubleday Doran
Worms Reloaded	publisher	Team17
Skulduggery Pleasant: Mortal Coil	publisher	HarperCollins
The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet	publisher	Sceptre
Great Ice Hockey	publisher	SEGA
Geon HD	publisher	Chillingo Ltd
The New Media Reader	publisher	The MIT Press
Rules and Meanings	publisher	Penguin Books
PictureBook Games: The Royal Bluff	publisher	Nintendo
Into the Gauntlet	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Wittard: Nemesis of Ragnarok	publisher	043004.html
Jonaki	publisher	Chandra Kumar Agarwala
Talisman Online	publisher	Mira Game
Studia Hibernica	publisher	St Patrick's College of Education
Global Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of  Durham University
Journal of Behavioral Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Medical Anthropology Quarterly	publisher	Society for Medical Anthropology
Synapse	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Moved and the Shaken	publisher	Penguin Books
The Head of the House of Coombe	publisher	Cornell University Library
House of Five Leaves	publisher	Shogakukan
A Captain's Duty	publisher	Hyperion Books
Big River, Big Sea	publisher	CommonWealth Magazine
Korean Journal of Sociology	publisher	Seoul National University Press on behalf of the Korean Sociological Association
The India Way	publisher	Harvard Business Press
Pulmonary Pharmacology & Therapeutics	publisher	Elsevier
International Socialist Review	publisher	Charles H. Kerr Publishing Company
Molecular Imaging and Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
British Journal of Clinical Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society
The American Journal of Gastroenterology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Kuch Gunjoan Ki Shaan Mein	publisher	M & R Publications
Labyrinth 2	publisher	Illusion Labs
Kyō, Koi o Hajimemasu	publisher	Shogakukan
Freaky Green Eyes	publisher	HarperCollins
NeuroReport	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Australian Journal of Politics and History	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Hulked Out Heroes	publisher	Marvel Comics
International Journal of Comparative Sociology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Robot Wars: Extreme Destruction	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Baby Steps	publisher	Kodansha
The Canadian Journal of Psychiatry	publisher	Canadian Psychiatric Association
Rooms: The Main Building	publisher	Big Fish Games
Rooms: The Main Building	publisher	Hudson Soft
Drugs	publisher	Adis International
Journal of Clinical Psychopharmacology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Beautiful People	publisher	Shodensha
Prehistoric Life	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
Evolution: The Story of Life	publisher	University of California Press
South Sea Tales	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Mind's Eye	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Pokémon Black and White	publisher	The Pokémon Company
The Elephant Whisperer	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Elephant Whisperer	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
The Elephant Whisperer	publisher	St Martin's Press
Rugby World Cup 2011	publisher	505
Gears of War 3	publisher	Microsoft Studios
F.E.A.R. 3	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Contemporary Clinical Trials	publisher	Elsevier
Saw II: Flesh & Blood	publisher	Konami
Cephalalgia	publisher	Sage Publications
The Journal of Pathology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Book of Khalid	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
The Seventh Scroll	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Cardiology	publisher	Karger
Epileptic Disorders	publisher	John Libbey Eurotext
Memories Off: Yubikiri no Kioku	publisher	5
Rapture of the Deep	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
International Superstar Soccer 98	publisher	Konami
Extracts from Adam's Diary	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Bulletstorm	publisher	Electronic Arts
Vida y Escritos del Dr. José Rizal	publisher	Librería General de Victoriano Suárez
My Platonic Sweetheart	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Concerning the Jews	publisher	Harper's Monthly
The Big Short	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Monday or Tuesday	publisher	Hogarth Press
Monday or Tuesday	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Vampire Village	publisher	Terminal Software
Peddling Prosperity	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Another Century's Episode: R	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
A Carne	publisher	Teixeira & Irmão
Gyrodine	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Vancouver Observer	publisher	Linda Solomon
Arakawa Under the Bridge	publisher	Square Enix
The Beacon	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Journal of International Development	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Later	publisher	IPC Media
The Beat	publisher	Metropolitan Police Service
IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters	publisher	IEEE Antennas & Propagation Society
Mobil 1 Rally Championship	publisher	Actualize
Mobil 1 Rally Championship	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
Mobil 1 Rally Championship	publisher	Europress Software
Library Lion	publisher	Candlewick Press
Skyhigh	publisher	Shueisha
Tinkers	publisher	Bellevue Literary Press
The Dead Republic	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Knot in 3D	publisher	New Generation Software
Red Dog	publisher	Ilfracombe : Stockwell
Progress in Electromagnetics Research	publisher	EMW Publishing
Sputnik Monthly Digest	publisher	RIA Novosti
Russia Beyond the Headlines	publisher	Yevgeny Abov
International Journal of Asian Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Journal of Stem Cells & Regenerative Medicine	publisher	Journal of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine
Jet Set Racing	publisher	Advanced Mobile Solutions
The Dead Hand	publisher	Doubleday
Chandragupta	publisher	GMT Games
L'Homme	publisher	École des hautes études en sciences sociales
Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care	publisher	Elsevier
WWE Heroes	publisher	Titan Publishing
Marker	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Wonderful Visit	publisher	MacMillan and Co.
Tao: On the Road and on the Run in Outlaw China	publisher	Portobello Books
Journal of Renewable and Sustainable Energy	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Journal of the History of Medicine and Allied Sciences	publisher	Oxford University Press
British Annals of Medicine, Pharmacy, Vital Statistics, and General Science	publisher	Sherwood, Gilbert and Piper
The Lele of the Kasai	publisher	Oxford University Press for International African Institute
The Dark Tower: Battle of Jericho Hill	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ash	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
MotoGP 3: Ultimate Racing Technology	publisher	THQ
Expository Times	publisher	SAGE Publications
Obstetrics & Gynecology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
In Mike We Trust	publisher	HarperCollins
Pachislot Akumajō Dracula	publisher	Konami
Spark of Life	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
The Dark Abode	publisher	Indian Age Communication, Amazon Kindle Books
The Dark Tower: The Journey Begins	publisher	Marvel Comics
New York Codes, Rules and Regulations	publisher	New York State Department of State
Sprout	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
RDF 1985	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
The Sexual Paradox	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners	publisher	George Larkin
Vellum	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Evolutionary Psychology	publisher	Sage Publications
Italian Shoes	publisher	Random House
Girls Gone Mild	publisher	Random House
Stealth	publisher	Hect
Star Island	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Freight Tycoon	publisher	1
Monk Dawson	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Monk Dawson	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
For the Win	publisher	Tor Books
The Freshest Boy	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Edinburgh Advertiser	publisher	Alexander Donaldson & John Reid;
Edinburgh Advertiser	publisher	James Donaldson;
Edinburgh Advertiser	publisher	Claud Muirhead
The Vast Fields of Ordinary	publisher	Penguin Group
Spells	publisher	HarperTeen
Spells	publisher	HarperCollins
International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Journal of International Economics	publisher	Elsevier
After Ever After	publisher	Scholastic Publishings
Marvel vs. Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds	publisher	Capcom
Patrician IV	publisher	Kalypso Media
Essence of the Upanishads	publisher	Nilgiri Press
The Daily Compass	publisher	Ted Thackrey
Gagamba	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House
Hull: Hell and Fire	publisher	Highgate Publications
Meredith and Co.	publisher	Oxford University Press
Sherds	publisher	Solidaridad Publishing House
Digimon Fusion	publisher	Shueisha
The Visual Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	publisher	Pan Books
Ganapati	publisher	Visalandhra Publishing House
We Rule	publisher	Ngmoco
Prajapati	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Space Football: One on One	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Space Football: One on One	publisher	Triffix Entertainment
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Sinistar: Unleashed	publisher	THQ
Arata: The Legend	publisher	Shogakukan
Ashling	publisher	Penguin Books
Osteoarthritis and Cartilage	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Osteoarthritis Research Society International
Rheumatology	publisher	Oxford University Press
February Shadows	publisher	Adriadne Press
Eagle in the Sky	publisher	Heinemann
Pula	publisher	University of Botswana
The Improvisatore	publisher	Reitzels Forlag
Tales of Soldiers and Civilians	publisher	E. L. G. Steele
Advanced Composite Materials	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Pete the Cat	publisher	HarperCollins
A New Athens	publisher	Oberon Press
Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Risk: Global Domination	publisher	Atari
World Development	publisher	Elsevier
Zambezia	publisher	University of Zimbabwe
McOndo	publisher	Grijalbo Mondadori
Matterhorn: A Novel of the Vietnam War	publisher	El Leon Literary Arts / Atlantic Monthly Press
The Blind Barber	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Blind Barber	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
The Good Soldiers	publisher	Sarah Crichton Books
Grim Dawn	publisher	Crate Entertainment
Treasures of the Snow	publisher	Children's Special Service Mission
Arna	publisher	Sydney Arts Students Society
Hunting the Snark	publisher	Paragon House
GT-R 400	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
The Tatami Galaxy	publisher	Ohta Publishing
The Tatami Galaxy	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Applied Physics Express	publisher	IOP Publishing  on behalf of Japan Society of Applied Physics
Under the Deodars	publisher	A H Wheeler & Co
Hermes	publisher	University of Sydney Union
Nuova Rivista Storica	publisher	Società Editrice Dante Alighieri
The Adventures of Paddy the Beaver	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Tunnels of Armageddon	publisher	California Dreams
Beatmania IIDX 18 Resort Anthem	publisher	Konami
Radiant Shadows	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of Harper Collins
Inverted World	publisher	Faber and Faber
Inverted World	publisher	Harper & Row
Directive 51	publisher	Ace Hardcover
Cybele's Secret	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Beware the Stranger	publisher	Al Hadara Publishing
Jordan Journal of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering	publisher	Hashemite University Publishing
Island Beneath the Sea	publisher	HarperCollins
Ben 10 Ultimate Alien: Cosmic Destruction	publisher	D3 Publisher
Acta Informatica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Stuck in Fast Forward	publisher	HarperCollins
Jordan Journal of Civil Engineering	publisher	Jordan University of Science and Technology Publishing
Savage Range	publisher	Dell Publishing
Dragon Haven	publisher	HarperVoyager
Electric Light	publisher	Faber and Faber, London
The White House Doctor	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Last Ranker	publisher	Capcom
Decision Points	publisher	Crown Publishers
Tongues of Serpents	publisher	Voyager Books
Obama Zombies	publisher	Threshold Editions
%22Uncle Tom's Cabin%22 Contrasted with Buckingham Hall, the Planter's Home	publisher	D. Fanshaw of New York
Rail Professional	publisher	Rail Professional Ltd
Afrique contemporaine	publisher	De Boeck
Journal of Research in Personality	publisher	Elsevier
Mr. Potato Head Saves Veggie Valley	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Dance on My Grave	publisher	Bodley Head
European Journal of Personality	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Bionic Commando Rearmed 2	publisher	Capcom
Major Decisions: Taking Charge of Your College Education	publisher	Deseret Book
No Fear Downhill Mountain Biking	publisher	Codemasters
Cryoburn	publisher	Baen Books
Aria the Scarlet Ammo	publisher	Media Factory
Aria the Scarlet Ammo	publisher	Square Enix
Wild Cargo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Revue d'Histoire Ecclésiastique	publisher	Université Catholique de Louvain
Revue d'Histoire Ecclésiastique	publisher	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
Fireworks and Darkness	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Revolutionary Suicide	publisher	Random House
Hysteria Project	publisher	BulkyPix
Hysteria Project	publisher	Sanuk Games
Nanosaur 2: Hatchling	publisher	Pangea Software
Fang and Claw	publisher	Simon & Schuster
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero	publisher	Marvel Comics
Bhagavad Gita	publisher	SUNY Press
Outside Over There	publisher	Lothrop, Lee and Shepard Books
The Faraway Lurs	publisher	World Publishing Company
Disney Golf	publisher	Disney Interactive Co-Publisher
Disney Golf	publisher	Electronic Arts
Sex Tips from Rock Stars	publisher	Omnibus Press
The Beatles Experience	publisher	Revolutionary Comics
Journal of Automated Reasoning	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Comparative and International Law Journal of Southern Africa	publisher	Institute of Foreign and Comparative Law, University of South Africa
Giant Killing	publisher	Kodansha
Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots	publisher	Zoo Digital
The White Queen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Necroscope	publisher	Grafton
Necroscope II: Wamphyri	publisher	Grafton
Necroscope III: The Source	publisher	HarperCollins
Necroscope V: Deadspawn	publisher	HarperCollins
Necroscope IV: Deadspeak	publisher	HarperCollins
The Last Aerie	publisher	HarperCollins
Tim Thompson in the Jungle	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Blood Brothers	publisher	HarperCollins
Lemonade Mouth	publisher	Delacorte Press
Nancy Drew: Trail of the Twister	publisher	Her Interactive
They Call Me Baba Booey	publisher	Villard
Making Europe Unconquerable	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Making Europe Unconquerable	publisher	Harper & Row
Handbook of Religion and Health	publisher	Oxford University Press
How Beautiful the Ordinary	publisher	HarperCollins
Kingyo Used Books	publisher	Shogakukan
Irish Fairy Tales	publisher	Macmillan & Co.
Beowulf: The Legend	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Beowulf: The Legend	publisher	Kosmos
Beowulf: The Legend	publisher	Sophisticated Games
Jungle Animals	publisher	Random House
Ravenloft: Strahd's Possession	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
Echoes of Valor	publisher	Tor Books
Echoes of Valor II	publisher	Tor Books
Echoes of Valor III	publisher	Tor Books
Aalaap mein girah	publisher	Rajkamal Prakashan, New Delhi
Straight Up	publisher	Island Press
Ravenloft: Stone Prophet	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
The Psychology of Religion and Coping	publisher	Guilford Press
The Collected Stories of Amy Hempel	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Metamaterials: Physics and Engineering Explorations	publisher	John Wiley & Sons & IEEE Press
Echoes of Life	publisher	Oxford University Press
Carbon Dreams	publisher	Creative Arts Book Company
Monster Force	publisher	Universal Interactive
No Time For Goodbye	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Beatrice and Virgil	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf Canada
The Tragedy of Today's Gays	publisher	Penguin
Start the Party!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Once You're Lucky, Twice You're Good	publisher	Gotham
Too Close to Home	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Fear the Worst	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Scarecrows	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Global Governance: A Review of Multilateralism and International Organizations	publisher	Lynne Rienner Publishers
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	publisher	Natural History Publications
Win Shares	publisher	STATS, Inc.
Jan's story	publisher	Behler Publications
Ransom	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The World and Wikipedia	publisher	Siduri Books
The Lost Golem	publisher	Caramelpot
MotoGP	publisher	Namco Bandai
British Journal of Sociology	publisher	Wiley Blackwell for the London School of Economics
Expressive Processing	publisher	The MIT Press
On Hallowed Ground	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Alchemy of Stone	publisher	Prime Books
Foresight	publisher	International Institute of Forecasters
The Householder	publisher	John Murray
The Householder	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Morganville Vampires	publisher	New American Library
The Lolly-Madonna War	publisher	Peter Owen Publishers
British Catholic History	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Catholic Record Society
Journal of Religion in Africa	publisher	Brill Publishers
South African Geographical Journal	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Damned	publisher	Jonathan Cape
History Upside Down	publisher	Encounter Books
Lankar of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
God of War: Ghost of Sparta	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hydro Thunder Hurricane	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Renegade of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
Sarasota Journal	publisher	Lindsay Newspapers Inc
Thin Air	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
TAF Preventive Medicine Bulletin	publisher	Gulhane Askeri Tip Akademisi
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life	publisher	7
Hunted: The Demon's Forge	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Time Travelers Never Die	publisher	Ace Hardcover
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Polymer Journal	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Redjack: Revenge of the Brethren	publisher	THQ
Designing Virtual Worlds	publisher	New Riders
More Than Conquerors	publisher	P.B. Ayuda
The Rainbow Cadenza	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Aqua	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Killer Instinct	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Mind Wizards of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cry Slaughter!	publisher	Avon
Pollard	publisher	Chatto & Windus
MySims SkyHeroes	publisher	Electronic Arts
Wii Party	publisher	Nintendo
Chinese Journal of International Law	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Chinese Society of International Law and the Institute of International Law, Wuhan University
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011	publisher	THQ
Orc Stain	publisher	Image Comics
Crisis in Space	publisher	Seven House
Search for the Doctor	publisher	Seven House
Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite	publisher	Pantheon Books
Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Distant Worlds	publisher	Matrix Games
Creature in the Teacher	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Creature in the Teacher	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
N.O.V.A. Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance	publisher	Gameloft
The Carrie Diaries	publisher	HarperCollins
Turf	publisher	Image Comics
The Multiple Effects of Rainshadow	publisher	Viking Press, Australia
Albania	publisher	Faik Konica
A Quiet Belief In Angels	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Arabians Lost: The Engagement on Desert	publisher	QuinRose & Prototype
Dream Pinball 3D	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Monsieur Beaucaire	publisher	Doubleday & McClure Company
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood	publisher	Ubisoft
Max and the Cats	publisher	L&PM Editores Ltda, Brazil
Cardcaptor Sakura	publisher	Kodansha
Cardcaptor Sakura	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Logic and Computation	publisher	Oxford University Press
DC Special Series	publisher	DC Comics
X-Scape	publisher	Nintendo
Photo Dojo	publisher	Nintendo
Angel: A Maximum Ride Novel	publisher	Little, Brown And Company
SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications	publisher	Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
A Pack of Lies	publisher	Oxford University Press
The True Deceiver	publisher	NYRB Classics
Mad Empress of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
Apollo 23	publisher	BBC Books
Outcast	publisher	2007
Princess Jellyfish	publisher	Kodansha
Homebase	publisher	University of Washington Press; 1st University of Washington Press Ed edition
The War for Late Night	publisher	Viking Press
Annals of African Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the African Medicine Society
Annals of Cardiac Anaesthesia	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Cardiovascular Thoracic Anaesthesiologists
Foro Interno	publisher	Servicio de Publicaciones
Goggle-Eyes	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Journal of the Entomological Research Society	publisher	Gazi Entomological Research Society
Sky Pirates of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
Doing Business in 21st Century India	publisher	Business Plus
Burning Wheels	publisher	RTL Interactive
The 9th Judgment	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Annals of Thoracic Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications
Asian Journal of Pharmaceutics	publisher	Medknow Publications
Annals of Indian Academy of Neurology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Annals of Pediatric Cardiology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Model Suit Gunpla Builders Beginning G	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Asian Journal of Transfusion Science	publisher	Medknow Publications
Conservation and Society	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment
Rivista italiana di economia demografia e statistica	publisher	Italian society of economics demography and statistics
King Matt the First	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
We Sing Encore	publisher	Nordic Games
Power Hungry	publisher	PublicAffairs
Black Legion of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
The Rootkit Arsenal: Escape and Evasion in the Dark Corners of the System	publisher	Jones & Bartlett Publishers
The School for Atheists	publisher	Green Integer
Pure Pinball	publisher	Iridon Interactive
Pure Pinball	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pure Pinball	publisher	XS Games
The Phantom 'Rickshaw and Other Tales	publisher	A H Wheeler & Co
Love and Poison	publisher	Carlton Publishing Group
Sniper: Ghost Warrior	publisher	City Interactive
Qubed	publisher	United Game Artists
The September Society	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
Stronghold 3	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Fatwa on Terrorism	publisher	Minhaj-ul-Quran Publications
Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the British Sociological Association
Ice	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
The Daleth Effect	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Francis Itty Cora	publisher	D. C. Books
Dialectical Anthropology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Jandar of Callisto	publisher	Dell Books
Puzzle Agent	publisher	Telltale Games
The Life You Can Save	publisher	Random House
Gears of War: Anvil Gate	publisher	Del Rey Books
Hepatitis B Annual	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Kalinga Gastroenterology Foundation
Indian Journal of Anaesthesia	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Anaesthesiologists
Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock	publisher	Activision
Indian Journal of Cancer	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Cancer Society and Indian Society of Oncology
Indian Journal of Community Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Preventive & Social Medicine
The Castle in the Attic	publisher	Holiday House
Indian Journal of Critical Care Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications
Kamisama Kiss	publisher	Hakusensha
Pastoralia	publisher	Riverhead Books
CivilWarLand in Bad Decline	publisher	Random House
In Persuasion Nation	publisher	Riverhead Books
Women's Post	publisher	Sarah Thomson
The Immortals of Meluha	publisher	Westland Press
International Journal for the Psychology of Religion	publisher	Routledge
Neurobiology of Aging	publisher	Elsevier
Haciendas de Jalisco y Aledaños	publisher	Financiera Aceptaciones S.A.
The White Hart	publisher	Pocket Books
The High Place	publisher	Robert M. McBride
Journal of Religion & Health	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Health Education & Behavior	publisher	Sage Publications
Spirituality for Use in Health Research	publisher	Fetzer Institute
Videomation	publisher	THQ
The Little Bookroom	publisher	OUP
The Tree of Seasons	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1,500 Years	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
The Incredible Crash Dummies	publisher	Flying Edge
The Incredible Crash Dummies	publisher	LJN
The Incredible Crash Dummies	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
The Runaway Train	publisher	BBC Audio
The Doctor In War	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Finch	publisher	Underland Press
The Incredible Origins of the Onyx Sun	publisher	Pariah Publishing
Indian Journal of Dental Research	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Dental Research
Fasting, Feasting	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Indian Journal of Dermatology, Venereology and Leprology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Dermatologists, Venereologists and Leprologists
Indian Journal of Dermatology	publisher	Medknow Publications  on behalf of the Indian Association of Dermatologists, Venereologists and Leprologists, West Bengal Branch
Indian Journal of Human Genetics	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Human Genetics
Indian Journal of Medical and Paediatric Oncology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Medical and Paediatric Oncology
Sports Champions	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Diamond Pit	publisher	Voyager Books
Environment & Urbanization	publisher	Sage Publications
Why We Disagree About Climate Change	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Smartest Guys in the Room	publisher	Portfolio Trade
Hot Shots Golf 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hot Shots Golf: Open Tee	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hot Shots Golf: Open Tee 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Computational Materials Science	publisher	Elsevier
Human Baseball	publisher	Human Entertainment
Holy Umbrella: Dondera no Mubo	publisher	Kaga Create
The Twelve Kingdoms: The Vast Spread of the Seas	publisher	Kodansha
Hat Trick Hero 2	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Rogue	publisher	Orbit Books
Dogfighter	publisher	Dark Water Studios
Rainbow: Nisha Rokubō no Shichinin	publisher	Shogakukan
Indian Journal of Medical Microbiology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Medical Microbiology
Infamous 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Green Monkey Dreams	publisher	Viking Press
Indian Journal of Nephrology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Indian Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications
The Shoot	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Kung Fu Rider	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ghost Story	publisher	Roc Books
Eaarth	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The End of Nature	publisher	Random House
Burr McIntosh Monthly	publisher	William Burr McIntosh
Wee Willie Winkie and Other Child Stories	publisher	A H Wheeler & Co
Extraordinary Canadians: Marshall McLuhan	publisher	Penguin Books
Journal of Electroceramics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of The Minerals, Metals & Materials Society
Indian Journal of Ophthalmology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Indian Journal of Palliative Care	publisher	Medknow Publications
Indian Journal of Pathology & Microbiology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences	publisher	OMICS International on behalf of the Indian Pharmaceutical Association
Indian Journal of Pharmacology	publisher	Medknow Publications
The Interpreter	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Rising Storm	publisher	Tripwire Interactive
TV Superstars	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
World of Tanks	publisher	Wargaming
Demons to Diamonds	publisher	Atari
City Primeval	publisher	Arbor House
The Merman's Children	publisher	Berkley Books
The End of the Free Market	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
Beer in the Snooker Club	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Beer in the Snooker Club	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
So This Is How It Ends	publisher	HarperCollins
Materials	publisher	MDPI
Psychopharmacology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Business Games	publisher	Acornsoft
Is This a Zombie%3F	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip	publisher	Villard Books
Suki Desu Suzuki-kun!!	publisher	Shogakukan
H-Craft Championship	publisher	Manifesto Games
H-Craft Championship	publisher	Akella
Lies of Silence	publisher	Nan A. Talese
The Braindead Megaphone	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Big Rich	publisher	Penguin Books
Don't Look Behind You	publisher	Laurel Leaf
Shigetaka Kashiwagi's Top Water Bassing	publisher	VAP / Zeal
Simulation Pro Yakyuu	publisher	Hect
International Journal of Forecasting	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Institute of Forecasters
Ralph the Heir	publisher	Hurst and Blackett
Yspahan	publisher	Ẏstari Games
Yspahan	publisher	Rio Grande Games
List of Tugs books	publisher	Heinemann
America by Heart	publisher	HarperCollins
The Dragon's Familiar	publisher	iUniverse.com
Stolen Innocence	publisher	William Morrow
Alternate Tyrants	publisher	Tor Books
Furuta Atsuya no Simulation Pro Yakyuu 2	publisher	Hect
Allies	publisher	Del Rey Books
Glycobiology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Floorball League	publisher	Prodigium Game Studios
Indian Journal of Plastic Surgery	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Association of Plastic Surgeons of India
America	publisher	Data Becker
Indian Journal of Psychological Medicine	publisher	Medknow Publications poon behalf of the Indian Psychiatric Society, South Zone
Nichijou	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A History of Banking in all the Leading Nations	publisher	The Journal of Commerce
La Satanica	publisher	Core Magazine
Spy vs. Spy	publisher	Global Star Software
Age	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Aging and Mental Health	publisher	Routledge
Psychology and Aging	publisher	American Psychological Association
Napoleon Bonaparte: An Intimate Biography	publisher	William Collins
Nakano Kōichi Kanshū: Keirin Ō	publisher	Coconuts Japan
Super Keirin	publisher	I'Max
The God of the Hive	publisher	Flag of the United States.svg
Journal of Individual Differences	publisher	Hogrefe Publishing
Journal of Personality	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Planetary and Space Science	publisher	Elsevier
Golden Gate Killer	publisher	Grolier
Night of the Humans	publisher	BBC Books
Journal of Aging and Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
Hamlet	publisher	Mif2000
Hamlet	publisher	Big Fish Games
Hamlet	publisher	Alawar Entertainment
British Journal of Dermatology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell  on behalf of the British Association of Dermatologists
The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood	publisher	Pan Macmillan
GoGo Monster	publisher	Shogakukan
The Harbingers	publisher	Mattel
Din's Curse	publisher	Masque Publishing
American History: A Survey	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Armor Battle	publisher	Mattel
ALF	publisher	Sega
Sea Battle	publisher	Mattel
4 Nin Uchi Mahjong	publisher	Nintendo
Basketball	publisher	Mattel
Football	publisher	Mattel
Oink!	publisher	Activision
Nomad: From Islam to America	publisher	Free Press
The Fellowship of the Ring	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Trent's Own Case	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Girl Talk	publisher	Immediate Media Company
Lines and Shadows	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Mobile Suit Gundam: Extreme Vs.	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Science Signaling	publisher	American Association for the Advancement of Science
Dream Chronicles 2: The Eternal Maze	publisher	PlayFirst
Dream Chronicles: The Chosen Child	publisher	PlayFirst
Mantram Handbook	publisher	Nilgiri Press; others
New Biotechnology	publisher	Elsevier
Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging	publisher	Medknow Publications
Of Love and Evil	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Controlled Release	publisher	Elsevier
International Journal of Pharmaceutics	publisher	Elsevier
Psihijatrija danas	publisher	Institute of Mental Health
Sonic Colors	publisher	Sega
HSS Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Aesthetic Plastic Surgery	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Ten	publisher	Takeshobo
CardioVascular and Interventional Radiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Desmond	publisher	Broadview Press
Dream Chronicles: The Book of Air	publisher	PlayFirst
Go	publisher	Kodansha
Indian Journal of Urology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Urological Society of India
European Physical Journal H	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Thorax	publisher	BMJ Group on behalf of the British Thoracic Society
Kingdoms of Elfin	publisher	Viking Press
Lolly Willowes	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Journal of the Brazilian Computer Society	publisher	Brazilian Computer Society
Two Blondes	publisher	Ace Books
Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Meitantei Holmes: M-Kara no Chousenjou	publisher	Towa Chiki
Attack of the Movies 3D	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Valencia	publisher	Seal Press
Zeebo F.C. Foot Camp	publisher	Zeebo Inc.
Toxicology	publisher	Elsevier
Toxicology and Applied Pharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Gynecologic Oncology	publisher	Elsevier
Toxicology Letters	publisher	Elsevier
The Strangest Man	publisher	Faber and Faber
Sky Target	publisher	Sega
How to Read Literature Like a Professor	publisher	Harper
World Without End	publisher	DC Comics
De Blob 2	publisher	THQ
De Blob 2	publisher	Syfy
Last Sacrifice	publisher	Razorbill
International Journal of Diabetes in Developing Countries	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Super Trolley	publisher	Mastertronic
Split Images	publisher	Arbor House
It's a Battlefield	publisher	Heinemann
If Israel Lost the War	publisher	Coward-McCann
Henry and Beezus	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Gorgeous East	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Rise & Rule of Ancient Empires	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Advances in Space Research	publisher	Elsevier
The Hunted	publisher	Dell Books
A People's Tragedy	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Life and Death of a Spanish Town	publisher	Random House
Adidas Championship Football	publisher	Ocean Software
Self-Efficacy	publisher	W. H. Freeman
International Soccer Challenge	publisher	Red Rat Software Ltd
European Soccer Challenge	publisher	Software Sorcery
World Class Soccer	publisher	U.S. Gold
NHL Slapshot	publisher	EA Sports
The Quants	publisher	Crown Business
Allods Online	publisher	Mail.Ru Group
The Predators' Ball	publisher	Penguin
International Journal of Green Pharmacy	publisher	Medknow Publications
Asshole: How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a Shit About You	publisher	Penguin
International Journal of Shoulder Surgery	publisher	Medknow Publications
International Journal of Trichology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Hair Research Society of India
International Journal of Yoga	publisher	Medknow Publications
The Happiness Hypothesis	publisher	Basic Books
Cartwheels in a Sari	publisher	Harmony Books
The Accidental Billionaires	publisher	Doubleday
IP Illustrated	publisher	Addison–Wesley
Fungal Biology	publisher	Elsevier, on behalf of the British Mycological Society
David Blaize	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
NBA Elite 11	publisher	EA Sports
Journal of Cancer	publisher	Ivyspring International Publisher
Midget	publisher	Oxford University Press
Earthworm Jim HD	publisher	Gameloft
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Rush'n Attack: Ex-Patriot	publisher	Konami
Solar Electricity Handbook	publisher	Greenstream Publishing
Rupert and the Ice Castle	publisher	Bug-Byte Software
Forget-Me-Not	publisher	Rudolf Ackermann
Where Men Win Glory	publisher	Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group
Pictures from the Water Trade	publisher	André Deutsch
Pictures from the Water Trade	publisher	Atlantic, Inc.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1	publisher	Electronic Arts
DJMax Portable Hot Tunes	publisher	Pentavision
The Clock Without a Face	publisher	McSweeney's
Maya	publisher	Hutchinson
Shrek Forever After	publisher	Activision
Jormungand	publisher	Shogakukan
The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers	publisher	Penguin Books
Total War: Shogun 2	publisher	Sega
Total War: Shogun 2	publisher	Feral Interactive
Emma Brown	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Gon	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
In the Labyrinth	publisher	André Deutsch
In the Labyrinth	publisher	Atlantic, Inc.
The Case of Thomas N.	publisher	André Deutsch
The Case of Thomas N.	publisher	Atlantic, Inc.
The Feast of Fools	publisher	Abacus, St. Martin's Press
Batman Beyond	publisher	DC Comics
The Anatomy Lesson	publisher	Abacus, St. Martin's Press
Destiny, or The Attraction of Affinities	publisher	Little, Brown
The Mystic Archives of Dantalian	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Database	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journey to the End of the Whale	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Passage	publisher	Max Press
The Book of Opposites	publisher	Max Press
Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
East of the Mountains	publisher	Bloomsbury
Boneshaker	publisher	Tor Books
The Barn Burner	publisher	Clarion Books
Review of Educational Research	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association
Red Faction: Armageddon	publisher	THQ
Mathematical Methods in the Physical Sciences	publisher	Wiley
Human Reproduction	publisher	Oxford University Press
I Am Not a Serial Killer	publisher	Tor Books
I Am Not a Serial Killer	publisher	Headline
Mr. Monster	publisher	Tor Books
Mr. Monster	publisher	Headline
The Bronze Horseman	publisher	HarperCollins
SEAL Team	publisher	Electronic Arts
Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy	publisher	Rockstar Games
Another Bullshit Night in Suck City	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Sacraboar	publisher	Makivision Games
Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Sayidaty	publisher	magazines
Way of the Warrior	publisher	Universal Interactive
At Home: A Short History of Private Life	publisher	Doubleday
Voodoo Dice	publisher	Ubisoft
The L-Shaped Room	publisher	Chatto & Windus
It's Bigger Than Hip Hop	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Starseeker	publisher	Oxford University Press
Terrae Incognitae	publisher	Society for the History of Discoveries
Dayworld Rebel	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
B Is for Beer	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Addictions Nursing	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
International Journal of Speech-Language Pathology	publisher	Informa
Audiological Medicine	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
International Journal of Audiology	publisher	Informa
International Journal of Language & Communication Disorders	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Band of Sisters	publisher	Stackpole Books
Project Dream	publisher	Nintendo
The Eighteenth Century	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Hispanic Review	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
People Like Us	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Emperors of Chocolate	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Championship Lode Runner	publisher	Brøderbund
Championship Lode Runner	publisher	Hudson Soft
Academy of Champions: Soccer	publisher	Ubisoft
Blood Oath	publisher	Putnam Adult
Puppet Master	publisher	Eternity Comics
Puppet Master	publisher	Full Moon Entertainment
Star Wars: Droids	publisher	Mastertronic
The Saint, the Surfer, and the CEO	publisher	Hay House
Workers	publisher	Soloshow Publishing
Disability and Rehabilitation	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
SDU The Journal of Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences	publisher	SDU Press
Disability and Rehabilitation: Assistive Technology	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Gusher of Lies	publisher	PublicAffairs
Gynecological Endocrinology	publisher	Informa
Humanity	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Journal of Natural and Applied Sciences	publisher	SDU Press
Journal of the Early Republic	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press on behalf of the Society for Historians of the Early American Republic
Magic, Ritual, and Witchcraft	publisher	The University of Pennsylvania Press
Revista Hispánica Moderna	publisher	The University of Pennsylvania Press
Bloodchild	publisher	Oxford University Press
World Class IT	publisher	Jossey-Bass
Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands	publisher	Ubisoft
New Carnival Games	publisher	2
Chords of Strength	publisher	Celebra Hardcover
Hypertension in Pregnancy	publisher	Informa
Journal of Musculoskeletal Pain	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Journal of Psychosomatic Obstetrics & Gynecology	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the International Society of Psychosomatic Obstetrics and Gynaecology
Journal of Cosmetic & Laser Therapy	publisher	Informa
Journal of Dermatological Treatment	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Ceylon Journal of Science	publisher	University of Peradeniya
Worth Dying For	publisher	Bantam Press
Worth Dying For	publisher	Dell Publishing
Scene It%3F Twilight	publisher	Konami
Roy of the Rovers	publisher	Fleetway
It's So Amazing	publisher	Candlewick Press
Black Rock Shooter	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Black Rock Shooter	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
SmartPlanet	publisher	CBS Interactive
Armorica	publisher	Vainglorious Games
Baseball	publisher	Mattel
The Milli Gazette	publisher	www.pharosmedia.com
Nightmare	publisher	J. W. Spear & Sons
Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta	publisher	Elsevier
Let's Yoga	publisher	Konami
Acta Odontologica Scandinavica	publisher	Talyor and Francis Group
Cytotherapy	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Society for Cellular Therapy
Indiana Health Law Review	publisher	Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law
MotorStorm: Apocalypse	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Berkeley Fiction Review	publisher	University of California, Berkeley
WWE All Stars	publisher	THQ
Gideon's Sword	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Seymour Goes to Hollywood	publisher	Codemasters
Astronomy & Geophysics	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Salt Eaters	publisher	Random House
Kanzen Shouri Daiteioh	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Nuclear Renaissance	publisher	Ramshackle Games
The New Confessions	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Good Calories, Bad Calories	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Weird City	publisher	UT Press
The Coveted Mirror	publisher	Penguin Software
Kill Shakespeare	publisher	IDW Publishing
Arena Football '95	publisher	Atari
Arena Football '95	publisher	Jaguar Sector II
Arena Football '95	publisher	B&C ComputerVisions
Dragon Nest	publisher	Kodansha
Days of Thunder	publisher	Paramount Pictures
Days of Thunder	publisher	505
Ceylon Journal of Medical Science	publisher	University of Colombo
Devil's Third	publisher	Nintendo
Crazy	publisher	Forge Books
The 19th Wife	publisher	Random House
New Vico Studies	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Oru Sankeerthanam Pole	publisher	Ashramam Bhasi, Sankeerthanam Publications, Kollam
Advanced Genius Theory	publisher	Scribner
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World: The Game	publisher	Ubisoft
Bunduki	publisher	Corgi
Spokane Natural	publisher	Mandala Printshop
Purity in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
The Fields	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Common Nonsense	publisher	Wiley
The Last Airbender	publisher	THQ
Zeebo Sports Vôlei	publisher	Tectoy
Un Juego de Huevos	publisher	Zeebo Inc.
Tengai Makyō: Daiyon no Mokushiroku	publisher	Hudson Soft
Deadliest Warrior: The Game	publisher	345
Mr. Potter	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Network: Computation In Neural Systems	publisher	Informa
Acta Radiologica	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the Nordic Society of Medical Radiology
Driver: San Francisco	publisher	Ubisoft
A Short History of the English People	publisher	The Macmillan Company
WingNuts 2	publisher	Freeverse Software
Occupational Therapy in Health Care	publisher	Informa
Physical & Occupational Therapy in Pediatrics	publisher	Informa
Physical & Occupational Therapy in Geriatrics	publisher	Informa
Journal of Information Ethics	publisher	McFarland & Company
Physiotherapy: Theory and Practice	publisher	Informa
Somatosensory & Motor Research	publisher	Informa
Requiem	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Stress	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Aging Male	publisher	Taylor and Francis Group
Go Go Golf	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Dance Central	publisher	MTV Games
Dance Central	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Pilgrim of Hate	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit	publisher	Electronic Arts
Nepenthes of Mount Kinabalu	publisher	Sabah National Parks Trustees
Medium Raw	publisher	Ecco Press
No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach	publisher	Bloomsbury USA
Random Harvest	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Promises in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
Rayman Origins	publisher	Ubisoft
Rayman Origins	publisher	Feral Interactive
EA Sports Active 2	publisher	EA Sports
Sonic Free Riders	publisher	Sega
Kinect Sports	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Overton Window	publisher	Threshold Editions
Ethical Theory and Moral Practice	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Child of Eden	publisher	Ubisoft
Kinectimals	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
British Journal for the History of Philosophy	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Michael Jackson: The Experience	publisher	Ubisoft
Michael Jackson: The Experience	publisher	Triumph International
Boxing	publisher	Mattel
Just Dance 3	publisher	Ubisoft
Mario Sports Mix	publisher	Nintendo
Kid Icarus: Uprising	publisher	Nintendo
The Hoosier Schoolmaster	publisher	Orange Judd
The Wolf-Sisters	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Driver: Renegade 3D	publisher	Ubisoft
Mario Kart 7	publisher	Nintendo
GoldenEye 007	publisher	Activision
The Passage	publisher	Ballantine Books
Animal Crossing: New Leaf	publisher	Nintendo
Project V13	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
A Lot of Hard Yakka	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance	publisher	Square Enix
Twisted Metal	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Time Crisis: Razing Storm	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Super Street Fighter IV: 3D Edition	publisher	Capcom
Super Street Fighter IV: 3D Edition	publisher	Nintendo Australia
PlayStation Move Heroes	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Echochrome II	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Sorcery	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Oxford Dictionary of English	publisher	Oxford University Press
Putt's Law and the Successful Technocrat	publisher	Wiley-IEEE Press
Steel Diver	publisher	Nintendo
Journey	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Pilotwings Resort	publisher	Nintendo
The Gilt Kid	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year	publisher	Tor Books
Raving Rabbids: Travel in Time	publisher	Ubisoft
Leave the Light On	publisher	Central Recovery Press
Acta Materialia	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of Acta Materialia Inc.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D	publisher	Nintendo
Star Fox 64 3D	publisher	Nintendo
Aliwa!	publisher	Currency Press
Nutrients	publisher	MDPI
Computational Statistics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Zen Ties	publisher	Scholastic Press
Senki Senki Momotama	publisher	Mag Garden
Journal of Contemporary Religion	publisher	Routledge
The Council of Dads	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Colonel Roosevelt	publisher	Random House
Triple Action	publisher	Mattel
Battlestar Galactica Online	publisher	Bigpoint Games
Zombie Panic in Wonderland	publisher	Akaoni Studio
Philosophical Papers	publisher	Routledge
Zumba Fitness	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Zumba Fitness	publisher	505
ICarly 2: iJoin the Click!	publisher	Activision
When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough	publisher	Random House Inc
Nintendogs + Cats	publisher	Nintendo
Patapon 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Pioneer Trail	publisher	Zynga
Journal of Cancer Research and Therapeutics	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Association of Radiation Oncology of India
Journal of Carcinogenesis	publisher	Medknow Publications
Journal of Conservative Dentistry	publisher	Medknow Publications
Journal of Cutaneous and Aesthetic Surgery	publisher	Medknow Publications
Atmosfear: The Gatekeeper	publisher	Yoram Gross
Hot Shots Tennis: Get a Grip	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Cell Stem Cell	publisher	Cell Press
Battles of the Clans	publisher	HarperCollins
Statecraft: Strategies for a Changing World	publisher	Harper Perennial
Journal of Psychology and Christianity	publisher	Christian Association for Psychological Studies
A Dream of Kings	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Pachicom	publisher	EMI Music Japan
Alligator Juniper	publisher	Prescott College
Garin's uncanny file	publisher	Punica
The Legacy	publisher	Lindenwood University
El Shaddai: Ascension of the Metatron	publisher	UTV Ignition Entertainment
Kinect Joy Ride	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Tourist	publisher	Minotaur Books
Intellectuals and Society	publisher	Basic Books
Maelstrom	publisher	Roc Books
Implicit Meanings	publisher	Routledge
Dance Evolution	publisher	Konami
The Sims Carnival: Snap City	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bible translations into Hawaii Pidgin	publisher	Wycliffe Bible Translators
The Winds of Winter	publisher	Bantam Spectra/US
The Winds of Winter	publisher	Voyager Books/UK
Repairing Rainbows	publisher	Self-Published
Ultramicroscopy	publisher	Elsevier
The Lost Hero	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Meta 4	publisher	ShadowLine
Fox Sports College Hoops '99	publisher	Fox Interactive
BioControl	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Magicka	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Holiday Island	publisher	Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
IDS Employment Law Brief	publisher	Incomes Data Services
Shukufuku no Campanella	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shukufuku no Campanella	publisher	Media Factory
Satellaview games from The Legend of Zelda series	publisher	St.GIGA
Pocket Gamer	publisher	Vodafone
Pocket Gamer	publisher	T-Mobile
Pocket Gamer	publisher	O2
Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Mini-Land Mayhem!	publisher	Nintendo
Angry Birds	publisher	Chillingo
Angry Birds	publisher	Clickgamer
Angry Birds	publisher	Rovio Mobile
Laser Blast	publisher	Activision
Minecraft	publisher	*
Minecraft	publisher	Mojang
Minecraft	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Minecraft	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
MindJack	publisher	Square Enix
J-League Winning Eleven 2010 Club Championship	publisher	Konami
Mean Girls DS	publisher	505
Final Theory	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Pac-Man Party	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Integrimi	publisher	Socialist Movement for Integration
Pionieri	publisher	Pioneers of Enver
Përlindja e Shqipërisë	publisher	Party for Justice, Integration and Unity
Hingede öö	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Rakvere romaan	publisher	Eesti Raamat
Põlev lipp	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Ohvrilaev	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Mõrsjalinik	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Lohe hambad	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Nõiduse õpilane	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Kahekordne mäng	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Kõrboja peremees	publisher	Maa
Rohtaed	publisher	Tartu Eesti Kirjastus
Imede saar	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Rõõmulaul	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Rooma päevik	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Surma ratsanikud	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Õilsad südamed	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Tuli ja raud	publisher	Loodus
Viimne linn	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Õige mehe koda	publisher	Ilukirjandus ja Kunst
Delovõje Vedomosti	publisher	AS Äripäev
Les Soleils des indépendances	publisher	Éditions de Seuil
Novy Chas	publisher	Frantsishak Skaryna Belarusian Language Society
BelGazeta	publisher	Limited liability company
Lotte Weeda	publisher	De Arbeiderspers
De jacobsladder	publisher	De Arbeiderspers
Het psalmenoproer	publisher	De Arbeiderspers
General Relativity and Gravitation	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Le Jeudi	publisher	Editpress
La Voix du Luxembourg	publisher	Saint-Paul Luxembourg
Lux-Post	publisher	Editpress
Point24	publisher	Saint-Paul Luxembourg
Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego, and the Death of Enron	publisher	PublicAffairs
Buzz Bombers	publisher	Mattel
Mazinkaizer SKL	publisher	Bandai Visual
Children and Television: Lessons from Sesame Street	publisher	Vintage Books
Doodle God	publisher	JoyBits Ltd.
Les Fiançailles de M. Hire	publisher	Fayard
Israel Law Review	publisher	Hebrew University's Minerva Center for Human Rights
International Conference On Intelligent Robots and Systems	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Chaosbound	publisher	Tor Books
Aranyak	publisher	Mitra & Ghosh Publishers Pvt. Ltd
The Devil's Breath	publisher	Penguin Books Ltd
Send a Gunboat	publisher	Conway Maritime Publishing
Night and the City	publisher	Michael Joseph
MotoGP 4	publisher	Namco Bandai
Hey, Class President!	publisher	Shinshokan
Paper Mario: Sticker Star	publisher	Nintendo
Transformers: Cybertron Adventures	publisher	Activision
Hot Potato	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
The Ultimate Entrepreneur	publisher	Contemporary Books
The Silmarillion	publisher	Allen & Unwin
WRC: FIA World Rally Championship	publisher	Black Bean Games
Star Strike	publisher	Mattel
Kirby's Return to Dream Land	publisher	Nintendo
Kirby's Epic Yarn	publisher	Nintendo
The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer	publisher	Pocket Books, a division of Simon & Schuster
Under röd flagg	publisher	Hinke Bergegren
Here's the Deal: Don't Touch Me	publisher	Bantam Books
Rugby League Live	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Infinite Stratos	publisher	Media Factory
Infinite Stratos	publisher	Overlap
Infinite Stratos	publisher	Media Factory
Infinite Stratos	publisher	Shogakukan
Welcome to Obamaland	publisher	Regnery Press
NBA 2K11	publisher	2
Pajama Sam 2: Thunder and Lightning Aren't so Frightening	publisher	Atari
Flux Family Secrets: The Rabbit Hole	publisher	Big Fish Games
Flux Family Secrets: The Ripple Effect	publisher	Skunk Studios
Flux Family Secrets: The Ripple Effect	publisher	Big Fish Games
Flux Family Secrets: The Ripple Effect	publisher	Other various online game distributors
The 1972 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Betrayer of Worlds	publisher	Tor Books
The 1973 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Eversion	publisher	Zaratustra Productions
The Quest	publisher	Penguin Software
A Kappa's Trail	publisher	Nintendo
Journal of Indian Philosophy	publisher	Springer
Pronto	publisher	Delacorte Press
Mannan Magal	publisher	Vanathi Pathippagam
IDS Executive Compensation Review	publisher	IDS - Incomes Data Services Ltd
The 1974 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Mysterious Girlfriend X	publisher	Kodansha
RuleML Symposium	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
RuleML Symposium	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
PlayStation Underground	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Skeletal Radiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Corporation	publisher	Brutal Games
Cities XL 2011	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
The Spirit of the Liturgy	publisher	Ignatius Press
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
I'll Get There. It Better Be Worth the Trip	publisher	Dell Pub Co
Home and Away	publisher	Niall O'Dowd
DC Special	publisher	DC Comics
The 1976 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
End of Nations	publisher	Trion Worlds
The 1977 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Microscopy and Microanalysis	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Alice in Wonderland	publisher	Nintendo
The Secret Life of Bill Clinton	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Sadeian Woman and the Ideology of Pornography	publisher	Pantheon Books
Kadal Pura	publisher	Vanathi Pathippagam
Kurohyō: Ryū ga Gotoku Shinshō	publisher	Sega
The Addams Family: An Evilution	publisher	Pomegranate
Sjors & Sjimmie	publisher	Oberon
According to Mark	publisher	Heinemann
Passing On	publisher	André Deutsch
GodFinger	publisher	Ngmoco
After Dark	publisher	Radical Comics
Lord of Arcana	publisher	Square Enix
Ragnarok Online 2: Legend of the Second	publisher	KOGravity Corp.
Ragnarok Online 2: Legend of the Second	publisher	SEAAsiasoft/Playpark
Ragnarok Online 2: Legend of the Second	publisher	NA/EUGravity Interactive, Inc.
Revista Chilena de Historia Natural	publisher	Sociedad de Biología de Chile
Afterschool Charisma	publisher	Shogakukan
Spectroscopy	publisher	Advanstar Publishers
Journal of Cytology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Journal of Emergencies, Trauma, and Shock	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the INDO-US Emergency and Trauma Collaborative
Journal of Global Infectious Diseases	publisher	Medknow Publications & Media Pvt. Ltd
John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Yakuza: Dead Souls	publisher	Sega
Jungler	publisher	Konami
The Pursuit of Glory	publisher	Allen Lane
The Pursuit of Glory	publisher	Penguin Books
The Pursuit of Glory	publisher	Viking Adult, Kindle Books
World Health Report	publisher	World Health Organization
Business Wars	publisher	Hect
After America	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Strawberry Shortcakes	publisher	Shodensha
Battle Tag	publisher	Ubisoft
Witz	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Truth	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Journal of Human Reproductive Sciences	publisher	Medknow Publications
Journal of Indian Association of Pediatric Surgeons	publisher	Medknow Publications
Journal of Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry
Journal of Indian Society of Periodontology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Periodontology
The Fort	publisher	HarperCollins
Experimental Aging Research	publisher	Routledge
The Prize of Peril	publisher	Bantam Books
Nancy Drew: Shadow at the Water's Edge	publisher	Her Interactive
From Social State to Minimal State	publisher	Samleren
First Light	publisher	Wendy Lamb Books
Inazuma Eleven	publisher	Shogakukan
Snuff	publisher	Doubleday
The Burning Wire	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Confession of Brother Haluin	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Silent Hill: Downpour	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Pretty Poison	publisher	Ohzora Shuppan
Sounds of Love	publisher	Ohzora Shuppan
Lover's Pledge	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Legend of the Legendary Heroes	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Legend of the Legendary Heroes	publisher	Square Enix
The Legend of the Legendary Heroes	publisher	Square Enix
Love Control	publisher	Libre Publishing
Men, Martians and Machines	publisher	Dennis Dobson
Photonics and Nanostructures: Fundamentals and Applications	publisher	Elsevier
Blade Eagle 3-D	publisher	Sega
The Mongoliad	publisher	Subutai Corporation
Action Man: Search for Base X	publisher	THQ
The Church Quarterly Review	publisher	Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge
Earth	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Webosaurs	publisher	
Physical Review E	publisher	American Physical Society
Notes Left Behind	publisher	HarperCollins
The Wizard	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co.
Pac-Man Pinball Advance	publisher	Destination Software
Pac-Man Pinball Advance	publisher	Zoo Digital
Bit.Trip Void	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Void	publisher	Gaijin Games
WRC 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Antz Extreme Racing	publisher	Empire Interactive
Free Running	publisher	Ubisoft, Reef Entertainment
The Schoolgirl	publisher	Amalgamated Press
Borderlands	publisher	Farrar Straus & Giroux
Seitokai Yakuindomo	publisher	Kodansha
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää	publisher	Kirjapaja
Virology Journal	publisher	BioMed Central
All My Friends Are Dead	publisher	Chronicle Books
Last Bullet	publisher	FuRyu
MyTown	publisher	Booyah
Stickfighting Days	publisher	Chimurenga Vol. 12/13
The House of Fear	publisher	Random House
Journal of Medical Physics	publisher	Medknow Publications
Journal of Minimal Access Surgery	publisher	Medknow Publications & Media Pvt. Ltd
All My Darling Daughters	publisher	Hakusensha
Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology
Journal of Pediatric Neurosciences	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society for Pediatric Neurosurgery
Mathematical Programming	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Kinect Adventures!	publisher	Microsoft Studios
IDS Pay Report	publisher	IDS - Incomes Data Services Ltd
IDS HR in Practice	publisher	IDS - Incomes Data Services Ltd
Harley-Davidson & L.A. Riders	publisher	Sega
Indian Historical Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Lung India	publisher	Medknow Publications
Middle East African Journal of Ophthalmology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Ball Fighter	publisher	Teyon
101 MiniGolf World	publisher	Teyon
Fine Gardening	publisher	Taunton Press
Hot Tails	publisher	Byakuya Shobo
The Red Pyramid	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Dragon Age II	publisher	Electronic Arts
Portrait in Death	publisher	The Penguin Group
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Seventh Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dead Space Ignition	publisher	Electronic Arts
International Journal of Philosophical Studies	publisher	Routledge
1001 Crystal Mazes Collection	publisher	Teyon
Environmental Earth Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Kantian Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Super Swap	publisher	Selectsoft
Carbonates and Evaporites	publisher	Springerpublisher through 2009 Northeastern Science Foundation/Sue Friedman
101 Shark Pets	publisher	Teyon
Hubert the Teddy Bear: Winter Games	publisher	Teyon
Maidenhead Advertiser	publisher	Baylis Media Ltd
The 1990 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
California Agriculture	publisher	University of California
Digital Humanities conference	publisher	Alliance of Digital Humanities Organizations
Touch and Go	publisher	Bazillion Points
Bellingham Review	publisher	Western Washington University
Oman Journal of Ophthalmology	publisher	Medknow Publications
Noise & Health	publisher	Medknow Publications
Pharmacognosy Magazine	publisher	Medknow Publications
Neurology India	publisher	Medknow Publications
Pharmacognosy Reviews	publisher	Medknow Publications
My Best Friend Bob	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
The Legend of Sword and Fairy 2	publisher	Softstar Entertainment Inc.
Bejeweled Blitz	publisher	PopCap Games
The Stuff of Legend	publisher	Th3rd World Studios
Communication Education	publisher	Taylor & Francis  on behalf of the National Communication Association
Everything Matters!	publisher	Penguin Group
Lady Anna	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Doubt Is Their Product	publisher	Oxford University Press
Lot Lot	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Journal of World-Systems Research	publisher	American Sociological Association
The Panic Zone	publisher	Mira Books
The Feather Men	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Second Trip	publisher	Doubleday
CART Fury	publisher	Midway
Mitsudomoe	publisher	Akita Shoten
A Clan in Need	publisher	HarperCollins and Tokyopop
Democracy and the Common Wealth	publisher	Golden Apples Media
And Still I Rise	publisher	Random House
Nail'd	publisher	Deep Silver
Apeiron	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Florist Shop	publisher	UFO Interactive Games
Florist Shop	publisher	Rondomedia
Hawkeye & Mockingbird	publisher	Marvel Comics
Donkey Kong Country Returns	publisher	Nintendo
The Venger: Dead Man Rising	publisher	Ronin Studios
Killer Company	publisher	ABC Commercial
Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu	publisher	Shueisha
Finalizer	publisher	Konami
Sega Water Ski	publisher	Sega
Stellar Dawn	publisher	Jagex Games Studio
Mega Zone	publisher	Konami
Star Trek Concordance	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Ways of White Folks	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Ways of White Folks	publisher	Vintage Books
Monica Teen	publisher	Mauricio de Sousa
Monica Teen	publisher	Panini Comics
Monica Teen	publisher	Planet Manga
The Third Man: Life at the Heart of New Labour	publisher	Harper Press
Furry Legends	publisher	Gamelion Studios
MazeFinger	publisher	Ngmoco
The Mad Ship	publisher	Voyager Books
Austin Sun	publisher	Jeff Nightbyrd
Journal of Statistics Education	publisher	American Statistical Association
Hundred Flowers	publisher	Collective
Schoolgirls' Own	publisher	Amalgamated Press
The 1978 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Warlock	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Quest	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The 1980 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Mega Man Universe	publisher	Capcom
The 1979 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Diabetologia	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Alien Swarm	publisher	Valve Corporation
Airport Simulator	publisher	Layernet
A New System of Domestic Cookery	publisher	John Murray
Ninja Crusaders	publisher	Sega Sammy Holdings
Exotic Zoology	publisher	Random House
Encyclopaedia of Forms and Precedents	publisher	LexisNexis Butterworths
Tigerlily's Orchids	publisher	Hutchinson
Journal of Biomedical Informatics	publisher	Elsevier
Losing Our Religion	publisher	Threshold Editions
Get Fit with Mel B	publisher	Deep Silver
Get Fit with Mel B	publisher	Black Bean Games
Pilcrow	publisher	Faber & Faber
A Gypsy Good Time	publisher	Washington Square Press
Topic—The Washington & Jefferson College Review	publisher	Washington & Jefferson College
Bullet	publisher	Berkley Books
Aspects of the Novel	publisher	Edward Arnold
Dark Horizons Lore: Invasion	publisher	GarageGames
The Naama War	publisher	Sword and Soul Media
Dragon Crisis!	publisher	Shueisha
Final Fantasy Dimensions	publisher	Square Enix
Under the Window	publisher	Routledge
The Ballantyne Novels	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Pachi-Slot Adventure	publisher	Coconuts Japan
J. League Super Top Players	publisher	Bandai
Why I Am a Separatist	publisher	Les Editions du Jour
A Pele do Ogro	publisher	Editora Shekinah
A Escola	publisher	Editora Shekinah ,  Editora Espaço Jurídico, 'Editora Vieira e Lent
Vasant ke Hatyare	publisher	%3ENew Delhi - 02, India
Harry the Dirty Dog	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Stolen Sunshine	publisher	New Age Books
Alice: Madness Returns	publisher	Electronic Arts
Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu	publisher	Imprenta Cervantes
Worldchanging	publisher	Harry N. Abrams, Inc.
Heroes of Gaia	publisher	Webzen , Snail Games
Illustrated Daily News	publisher	Manchester Boddy
Darkspore	publisher	Electronic Arts
Ad Valvas	publisher	Vrije Universiteit
Fight Night Champion	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fight Night Champion	publisher	HB Studios
Battle Spirits	publisher	Bandai
House Rules	publisher	Atria Books
British Columbia Medical Journal	publisher	British Columbia Medical Association
Rock & Roll Jihad: A Muslim Rock Star's Revolution	publisher	Free Press
Astronōka	publisher	Enix
Astronōka	publisher	Square Enix
Dry Heat	publisher	Houbunsha
The Heart of a Warrior	publisher	HarperCollins and Tokyopop
Guardians of Graxia	publisher	Petroglyph Games
The Magic Touch	publisher	Hakusensha
Panzer General: Russian Assault	publisher	Petroglyph Games
The King of Debt	publisher	Oakla Publishing
SkyClan's Destiny	publisher	HarperCollins
The Terrible Privacy of Maxwell Sim	publisher	Penguin Books
Dark Metro	publisher	SB Creative
Getting It Wrong from the Beginning	publisher	Yale University Press
The Skin I'm In	publisher	Hyperion Books
Vigiliae Christianae	publisher	Brill Publishers
Scooter Shooter	publisher	Konami
Strategy X	publisher	Konami
Rack 'Em Up	publisher	Konami
Video Hustler	publisher	Konami
Motocross	publisher	Mattel
L'Épreuve	publisher	Mérigot
La Fausse Suivante	publisher	Briasson
Le Préjugé vaincu	publisher	Jacques Clousier
The Sims 3: Late Night	publisher	Electronic Arts
Football Manager 2011	publisher	Sega
Fairy Wars	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
The Confession of Sultana Daku	publisher	Penguin Books
Sticky Beak	publisher	multiple
Under Heaven	publisher	Penguin Group
Dance on Broadway	publisher	Ubisoft
Street Fighter X Tekken	publisher	Capcom
Open Mathematics	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Tekken X Street Fighter	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Marvel Super Hero Squad: The Infinity Gauntlet	publisher	THQ
Marvel Super Hero Squad: The Infinity Gauntlet	publisher	Vivendi Games
Pop Island – Paperfield	publisher	ODENIS Studio
Crisis of Conscience	publisher	Commentary Press
European Journal of Comparative Economics	publisher	European Association for Comparative Economic Studies and the University Carlo Cattaneo
AMF Bowling 2004	publisher	Crave Entertainment
AMF Xtreme Bowling 2006	publisher	Mud Duck Productions
AMF Xtreme Bowling 2006	publisher	Blast Entertainment
Dutch Crossing	publisher	Maney Publishing
Applied Mechanics Reviews	publisher	ASME
Eden: the Deceit	publisher	9
Kate Plus Ten	publisher	Small, Maynard & Company
Fire Over England	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Ruby Dice	publisher	Baen
Ageing Research Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
Otogirisō	publisher	Chunsoft
Keeper	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
Oceanography	publisher	Oceanography Society
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning	publisher	38
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning	publisher	Electronic Arts
Jet	publisher	subLOGIC
The Great American Cross-Country Road Race	publisher	Activision
Times Without Number	publisher	Ace Books
Empire of Lies	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Caboose Who Got Loose	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Joe the Barbarian	publisher	Vertigo
Buffers Evolution	publisher	Bandai
American Journal of Transplantation	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society of Transplant Surgeons and the American Society of Transplantation
Trine 2	publisher	Frozenbyte
Trine 2	publisher	Atlus
Shaun White Skateboarding	publisher	Ubisoft
The Song of Tentomushi	publisher	Shogakukan
Inakappe Taishō	publisher	Shogakukan
IRiDES: Master of Blocks	publisher	GOAT Store
International Journal of Hematology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Pediatric Transplantation	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Tales of the World: Radiant Mythology 3	publisher	Namco
My Story	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Auto Racing	publisher	Mattel
The Hotspur	publisher	D. C. Thomson & Co.
Painted Bride Quarterly	publisher	Drexel University
Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness	publisher	Kaisei-Sha Publishing Co., Ltd.
Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness	publisher	Shinchosha
Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness	publisher	Scholastic
Canadian Journal of Netherlandic Studies	publisher	Canadian Association for the Advancement of Netherlandic Studies
Terror and Consent	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Republic of Thieves	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Republic of Thieves	publisher	Del Rey Books
Nobody Knows My Name	publisher	Dial Press
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Ugly Truth	publisher	Amulet Books
Space Hawk	publisher	Mattel
Grand Slam Tennis 2	publisher	EA Sports
Fantastic Contraption	publisher	InXile Entertainment
RealSports Volleyball	publisher	Atari
Marvel Zombies 5	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Rain Goddess	publisher	New English Library Ltd 1st Ed.
The Rain Goddess	publisher	Galago Publishing Pty Ltd 5th Ed.
The Accidental Asian	publisher	Random House
The Future of the Internet	publisher	Yale University Press
Caperucita Roja	publisher	Alfaguara
Knights Contract	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Natacha	publisher	Alfaguara
Born in Exile	publisher	A & C Black
Scarlet	publisher	Icon Comics
A Killing Frost	publisher	Bantam, Corgi
Survivors	publisher	Atlantis Software
Urban Yeti!	publisher	Telegames
Shadow of the Dragon: Kira	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Last Ninja 2	publisher	Activision
Last Ninja 2	publisher	Ubi Soft
Last Ninja 2	publisher	Ocean Software
Last Ninja 2	publisher	Jaleco
Spike	publisher	IDW Publishing
IR$	publisher	Le Lombard
IR$	publisher	Cinebook
X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Cédric	publisher	Dupuis
Cédric	publisher	Cinebook
Hard Corps: Uprising	publisher	Konami
Superman: The Man of Steel	publisher	Tynesoft
Superman: The Man of Steel	publisher	Capstone Software
The Bellybuttons	publisher	Dupuis
The Bellybuttons	publisher	Cinebook
Ultraman Tiga & Ultraman Dyna: New Generations	publisher	Bandai
Poems from Guantánamo	publisher	University of Iowa Press
Archiv für Rechts- und Sozialphilosophie	publisher	Franz Steiner Verlag
Deutsche Zeitschrift für Philosophie	publisher	Akademie Verlag
Archiv für Geschichte der Philosophie	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Wargasm	publisher	Infogrames
Bass Pro Shops Trophy Hunter 2007	publisher	Vivendi Games
Elixir	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Storms of My Grandchildren	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Back Story	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Sims Medieval	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kavalu	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara,Balepet,Bangalore.
Forsaken House	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Alternative World Games	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
Break Nine: World Billiards Tournament	publisher	ASK
Carve	publisher	2K Play
C.A.T.: Cyber Attack Team	publisher	Medix
13 Things That Don't Make Sense	publisher	Profile Books
13 Things That Don't Make Sense	publisher	Doubleday
Thin Solid Films	publisher	Elsevier
Psychoanalysis and History	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Faithful Place	publisher	Viking Penguin
Torchlight II	publisher	Runic Games
The Adventures of Slim and Howdy	publisher	Center Street
Duck Attack!	publisher	AtariAge
Greetings from E Street	publisher	Chronicle Books
Universe	publisher	Simulation Publications
Jet Moto	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Foundations of Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Monarch of the Glen	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Fall of Giants	publisher	Pan Macmillan
World of Warcraft: Beyond the Dark Portal	publisher	Pocket Books
Halo 2600	publisher	AtariAge
Sub Hunt	publisher	Mattel
The Killer	publisher	New English Library
The Grass Dancer	publisher	Putnam Adult; 1st edition
The Magic of Blood	publisher	Grove Press
GraceLand	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Skiing	publisher	Mattel
Toxicon	publisher	Elsevier
Dixit	publisher	Libellud
Optical Materials	publisher	Elsevier
Madonna: An Intimate Biography	publisher	Sidgwick & Jackson
R-Tuned : Ultimate Street Racing	publisher	Sega
Hidden in Plain Sight	publisher	Voima Kustannus
Mawali	publisher	Ravi Pocket Books
Scanning: The Journal of Scanning Microscopies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Microscopy Research and Technique	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
My Shit Life So Far	publisher	HarperCollins
Farthest Reach	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Spoilt Rotten	publisher	Gibson Square Books Ltd
The Obama Diaries	publisher	Threshold Editions
Studies in Intelligence	publisher	Center for the Study of Intelligence
Forest Pathology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
We Will Bury You	publisher	IDW Comics
Carnivores Ice Age	publisher	WizardWorks Software
Carnivores Ice Age	publisher	Infogrames
Learning the vi and Vim Editors	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Journal of the National Cancer Institute	publisher	Oxford University Press
Clinical Genetics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Age of Science	publisher	Shorouk House for Publishing and Distribution
Racing the Beam	publisher	MIT Press
Yasuko to Kenji	publisher	Shueisha
Ace Combat: Assault Horizon	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Operation Flashpoint: Red River	publisher	Codemasters
Crown of Shadows	publisher	DAW Books
Real Deal	publisher	Real Deal Productions
Dragonheart	publisher	Del Rey Books
Overload	publisher	ACCU
The Dragonslayer's Apprentice	publisher	Scholastic New Zealand, Ltd., Scholastic Inc.
Young Hearts Crying	publisher	Delacorte Press
Costume Quest	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Costume Quest	publisher	THQ
British Journal of Haematology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Het Gulden Cabinet	publisher	Jan Meyssen
Invading the Sacred	publisher	Rupa & Co.
EverQuest Next	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
Earth, Moon, and Planets	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Secret Relationship Between Blacks and Jews	publisher	The Final Call
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	publisher	Howard University Press
Journal of Economic Growth	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Blue and Brown Books	publisher	Blackwell Publishers Ltd.
Handbook of Electrochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
The Dead of the Night	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Change We Choose	publisher	Mainstream Publishing
Plan for Chaos	publisher	Liverpool University Press
BioShock Infinite	publisher	2
Raw	publisher	Random House Australia
Invizimals: Shadow Zone	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Eye of Judgment: Legends	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Neotropical Ichthyology	publisher	Sociedade Brasileira de Ictiologia
The Whisperer	publisher	HarperCollins
Mechanisms of Development	publisher	Elsevier
Parasites & Vectors	publisher	BioMed Central
Placenta	publisher	Elsevier
The Day of the Sardine	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Eternity Road	publisher	Eos
Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam	publisher	Éditions Grasset
The Intangibles of Leadership	publisher	Jossey-Bass
Glasul	publisher	Writers' Union of Moldova
Journal of the American Ceramic Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Ceramic Society
Piano Lessons	publisher	Black Inc
Tropico 4	publisher	Kalypso Media
Tropico 4	publisher	FX Interactive
Tropico 4	publisher	Feral Interactive
Espumas Flutuantes	publisher	Tipografia de Camilo de Lellis Masson & C.A.
AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert
Cell Research	publisher	Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences
Țara	publisher	Popular Front of Moldova
Deșteptarea	publisher	Popular Front of Moldova
New Mobile Report Gundam Wing: Frozen Teardrop	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Concordia Theological Quarterly	publisher	Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod
The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co.	publisher	Coffee House Press
Molecular Microbiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Observatorul de Nord	publisher	3c3e2901e5063b4685bbca8e168ddcb8.jpg
State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration	publisher	Free Press
Mr. Denning Drives North	publisher	Harrap
Immunity	publisher	Cell Press
Leukemia	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Stroke	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Heart Association
Epilepsia	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International League Against Epilepsy
Arctic	publisher	Arctic Institute of North America
Dungeons	publisher	Kalypso Media
Animal Behaviour	publisher	Elsevier
The Rose in Splendour: a Story of the Wars of Lancaster and York	publisher	Phoenix House
Igor: Objective Uikokahonia	publisher	Pendulo Studios
Igor: Objective Uikokahonia	publisher	Dinamic Multimedia
The Law and the McLaughlins	publisher	Doubleday
Autophagy	publisher	Taylor & Francis Online
Biochimie	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Infection	publisher	Saunders
Peptides	publisher	Elsevier
The Insider: The Private Diaries of a Scandalous Decade	publisher	Ebury Publishing
The World's Greatest Unsolved Crimes	publisher	Octopus Books Limited
The World's Greatest Unsolved Crimes	publisher	Hamlyn
A Drunken Dream and Other Stories	publisher	Shogakukan
Quantum	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Quantum	publisher	Bandai Visual
Age of Empires Online	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Alice in Blunderland: An Iridescent Dream	publisher	Doubleday
Microsoft Flight	publisher	Microsoft Studios
New Adventures of Alice	publisher	P. F. Volland
Carcinogenesis	publisher	Oxford University Press
Ratchet & Clank: All 4 One	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Cannon Cadets	publisher	XMG Studio
Virtua Tennis 4	publisher	Sega
Might & Magic Heroes VI	publisher	Ubisoft
Sex at Dawn	publisher	HarperCollins
Drug Metabolism and Disposition	publisher	American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics
Pflügers Archiv: European Journal of Physiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
CSI: Fatal Conspiracy	publisher	Ubisoft
CSI: Unsolved	publisher	Ubisoft
Geophysical Journal International	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft
Red Planet Noir	publisher	Brown Street Press, Lexington
Catherine	publisher	Atlus
The Power	publisher	Atria Books
If I Stay	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Elements of International Law	publisher	Carey, Lea and Blanchard
Kotonoha no Miko to Kotodama no Majo to	publisher	Ichijinsha
Snafu	publisher	Mattel
Hunger Mountain	publisher	Vermont College of Fine Arts
Blood Feud	publisher	The Bodley Head
Retro City Rampage	publisher	D3 Publisher
Retro City Rampage	publisher	Vblank Entertainment
Phule's Company	publisher	Ace Books
Bioscience, Biotechnology, and Biochemistry	publisher	Japan Society for Bioscience, Biotechnology and Agrochemistry
King's Bounty: Crossworlds	publisher	1
AIAA Journal	publisher	American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
This Charming Man	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Bone Flute	publisher	Mercury Press
Lost Face	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Loving Natalee	publisher	HarperOne
Loving Natalee	publisher	Schuyt & Co.
Warlock	publisher	Viking Press
Malaysian Maverick	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Ground Control to Psychoelectric Girl	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Supreme Ruler: Cold War	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Jordan Medical Journal	publisher	Deanship of Scientific Research, University of Jordan
Stone Spring	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Hotel Tycoon Resort	publisher	EFUSION X Ltd.
The Color of My Words	publisher	Harper-Collins
From Dust	publisher	Ubisoft
The Cowards	publisher	Grove Press
Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Journal of Zoological Systematics and Evolutionary Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Super Formation Soccer 95: della Serie A	publisher	Human Entertainment
Traitor to the Living	publisher	Ballantine Books
Kiss of Rose Princess	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Just Dance 2	publisher	Tyler Joseph
Voodoo Kid	publisher	Infogrames
Create	publisher	Electronic Arts
Extra Lives: Why Video Games Matter	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Long Loud Silence	publisher	Rinehart & Company
An Octopus Followed Me Home	publisher	The Penguin Group
Xiandai Hanyu Cidian	publisher	Commercial Press
Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Credo	publisher	Chaosium
The Month of the Falling Leaves	publisher	Constable & Co.
The Month of the Falling Leaves	publisher	Doubleday
Unearthing	publisher	Lex Records
Mormonism: A Historical Encyclopedia	publisher	ABC-CLIO
Broken as Things Are	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
A veinte años, Luz	publisher	Alba Editorial
Adam Buenosayres	publisher	Editorial Sudamericana
Human Chain	publisher	Faber and Faber
Human Chain	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada	publisher	Royal Astronomical Society of Canada
DeathSpank: Thongs of Virtue	publisher	Electronic Arts
Phineas and Ferb: Ride Again	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Varieties of Scientific Experience	publisher	The Penguin Press HC
Aesthetic Journalism	publisher	Intellect
The Twisted Sisterhood	publisher	Random House
The Twisted Sisterhood	publisher	Ballantine Books
We Sing Robbie Williams	publisher	Nordic Games
Radiant Historia	publisher	Atlus
Paragraph	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Ford vs. Chevy	publisher	Global Star Software
Ford vs. Chevy	publisher	2K Games
Ohio History	publisher	Kent State University Press
British Warships in the Age of Sail	publisher	Chatham Publishing
British Warships in the Age of Sail	publisher	Seaforth Publishing
Ten Thousand a-Year	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons
Ten Thousand a-Year	publisher	Carey and Hart
Doctor Who: Return to Earth	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Doctor Who: Evacuation Earth	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Urology	publisher	Elsevier
The Utopian	publisher	Pop! Goes the Icon
Pichi Lemon	publisher	Gakken
Fire Safety Journal	publisher	Elsevier
Catholic Standard	publisher	Donald Wuerl
Into the Storm	publisher	Roc Books
Crusade	publisher	Roc Books
NeverDead	publisher	Konami
The Bedwetter	publisher	HarperCollins
Teheran, een zwanezang	publisher	Querido
Phule's Paradise	publisher	Ace Books
City Bomber	publisher	Konami
Scripta Materialia	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of Acta Materialia Inc.
Battle Racers	publisher	Banpresto
Turkish Review	publisher	Feza Publications
Proteins	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Debatable Space	publisher	Orbit Books
Fox Hunt	publisher	Hachette Australia
Patriot Act	publisher	Hachette Australia
EuroWeek	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Love Berry	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Deep Navigation	publisher	NESFA Press
Atherosclerosis	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the European Atherosclerosis Society
A Game of Concentration	publisher	Atari
Daniel X: Demons and Druids	publisher	Doubleday
Jissen Kyōtei	publisher	Imagineer
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II – Retribution	publisher	THQ
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II – Retribution	publisher	Sega
Traffic	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
MotoGP	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
MotoGP	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Environmental Biology of Fishes	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
De zaak Natalee Holloway	publisher	Luitingh-Sijthoff
Bit.Trip Runner	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Runner	publisher	Choice Provisions
Cricket	publisher	EA Sports
The Black Prism	publisher	Orbit Books
Audubon	publisher	National Audubon Society
Nine Coaches Waiting	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Canadian Monarchist News	publisher	Monarchist League of Canada
The 99	publisher	DC Comics
The 99	publisher	Teshkeel Comics
Konung: Legends of the North	publisher	Strategy First
Konung: Legends of the North	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Konung: Legends of the North	publisher	1
Information Services & Use	publisher	IOS Press
Madō Monogatari I	publisher	Compile
Hypertension	publisher	American Heart Association
Parallel Play	publisher	Doubleday
Parallel Play	publisher	Anchor Books
Wings of the Falcon	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
The First Templar	publisher	Kalypso Media
The First Templar	publisher	FX Interactive
Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	publisher	Bookdealer P. G. Philipsen
Enchanted Glass	publisher	HarperCollins
Tehkan World Cup	publisher	Tecmo
All Round Hunter	publisher	505
Mon village à l'heure allemande	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
A Strange Discovery	publisher	H. Ingalls Kimball
Cuvânt Moldovenesc	publisher	National Moldavian Party
Vesper	publisher	Balzer + Bray / HarperCollins
The Fuller Memorandum	publisher	Ace
Welcome to the Desert of the Real	publisher	Verso Books
Under Fire	publisher	Taito
Super Asteroids & Missile Command	publisher	Atari
The Witch of the Mists	publisher	Ace Books
Black Sphinx of Nebthu	publisher	Ace Books
Red Moon of Zembabwei	publisher	Ace Books
Shadows in the Skull	publisher	Ace Books
Cognitive Surplus	publisher	Penguin Group
Disney Channel All Star Party	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Crossovers	publisher	CrossGen Comics
The Crossovers	publisher	Code6 Comics
O Chifrudo	publisher	Editora Shekinah  and Editora Agbook
Weakest Link	publisher	Activision
Pássaro da Manhã	publisher	Editora Agbook
Planescape Campaign Setting	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Fast Striker	publisher	NG.DEV.TEAM
Play with the Teletubbies	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
The Sims 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Critical Mass	publisher	Heinemann/Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Tim and Pete	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tim and Pete	publisher	Penguin Books
Tim and Pete	publisher	Ringpull
Tim and Pete	publisher	Fourth Estate
Tim and Pete	publisher	Alyson Books
The Miseducation of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly	publisher	Sunday Tribune
The Miseducation of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly	publisher	The O'Brien Press
Roysh Here, Roysh Now… The Teenage Dirtbag Years	publisher	Sunday Tribune
Roysh Here, Roysh Now… The Teenage Dirtbag Years	publisher	The O'Brien Press
The Orange Mocha-Chip Frappuccino Years	publisher	The O'Brien Press
Tweenies: Game Time	publisher	BBC Multimedia
PS, I Scored the Bridesmaids	publisher	The O'Brien Press
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress	publisher	Penguin Books
Should Have Got Off at Sydney Parade	publisher	Penguin Books
This Champagne Mojito Is the Last Thing I Own	publisher	Penguin Books
Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box	publisher	Penguin Books
Rhino What You Did Last Summer	publisher	Penguin Books
The Oh My God Delusion	publisher	Penguin Books
Great House	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Ski-Doo: Snowmobile Challenge	publisher	Valcon Games
Ross O'Carroll-Kelly's Guide to	publisher	Penguin Books
We Need to Talk About Ross	publisher	Penguin Books
Constitutional Political Economy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Brunswick Zone Cosmic Bowling	publisher	Game Mill Entertainment
Looking East to Look West	publisher	Penguin; ISEAS
Tokyo Jungle	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Querelles de famille	publisher	Mercure de France
European Journal of Cell Biology	publisher	Urban & Fischer Verlag
The Paper Men	publisher	Faber and Faber
Barbie Super Sports	publisher	Mattel Interactive
Barbie Super Sports	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Barbie Super Sports	publisher	SNK
CLiNT	publisher	Titan Magazines
Oil Rush	publisher	Unigine Corp
Oil Rush	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Noddy's Magic Adventure	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Monster Seed	publisher	Sunsoft
Social Science History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Enterprise & Society	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Secret Lives of Fortunate Wives	publisher	Dutton Adult
Radiology	publisher	Radiological Society of North America
Championship Manager Quiz	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Heartstone	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Jigsaw Madness	publisher	XS Games
Michael Schumacher Racing World Kart 2002	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Amelia Bedelia	publisher	Harper & Row
Low Life	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Low Life	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Grand Design	publisher	Bantam Books
David Beckham Soccer	publisher	Rage Software Limited
Tokyo Mono Hara Shi: Karasu no Mori Gakuen Kitan	publisher	Atlus
Poker Night at the Inventory	publisher	Telltale Games
The New Nobility	publisher	PublicAffairs
Retro Force	publisher	Psygnosis
Poil de carotte	publisher	Flammarion
Pichilemu Blues	publisher	Editorial Los Andes
O Dinheiro	publisher	Editora Shekinah  and Editora Agbook
Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind	publisher	Thomas
International Relations of the Asia-Pacific	publisher	Oxford University Press
In Search of Wonder	publisher	Advent
Ultimate Spider-Man: Total Mayhem	publisher	Gameloft
Purge	publisher	Sanoma
Pirates Plund-Arrr	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Red Inferno: 1945	publisher	Ballantine Books
Thor: Vikings	publisher	MAX Comics
Thor: Vikings	publisher	Marvel Comics
Petz Sports: Dog Playground	publisher	Ubisoft
The Atheist's Guide to Christmas	publisher	Friday Project
The Atheist's Guide to Christmas	publisher	Harper Perennial
Petz: Crazy Monkeyz	publisher	Ubisoft
Social Philosophy Today	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Sword of Shibito	publisher	Gentosha
Three Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	publisher	Bookdealer P. G. Philipsen
Contrafort	publisher	Contrafort SRL
Contrafort	publisher	Romanian Cultural Institute
Golf in the Kingdom	publisher	Penguin Books
Robot Unicorn Attack	publisher	Adult Swim
This Above All	publisher	Cassell
Modern Language Quarterly	publisher	Duke University Press and University of Washington
A Casa	publisher	Editora Shekinah  and Editora Agbook
Nature Physics	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Life at the Bottom	publisher	Ivan R. Dee
1822	publisher	Nova Fronteira
Planes of Chaos	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Black Flame: The Revolutionary Class Politics of Anarchism and Syndicalism	publisher	AK Press
Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale	publisher	Carpe Fulgur
The King of Kahel	publisher	AmazonCrossing
Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy	publisher	Square Enix
Ace Attorney Investigations 2	publisher	Capcom
The Reckoning	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Dynasty Warriors: Gundam 3	publisher	Bandai Namco
Gesebel	publisher	Editoriale Corno
Gokujou Parodius	publisher	Konami
The Moral Basis of a Backward Society	publisher	Free Press
Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Exile: An Outlander Graphic Novel	publisher	Del Rey Books
Westwind	publisher	Barrie & Jenkins
Sword of Rome	publisher	GMT Games
Heaven and Hell	publisher	CDV Software
Biswasghatak	publisher	Dey's Publishing
Room	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Tales from the Planet Earth	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Driven to Distraction	publisher	Penguin books
The Garfield Show: Threat of the Space Lasagna	publisher	Zoo Games
Lewis Carroll: A Biography	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Daydreamer	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Embarrassment of Riches	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Daughter	publisher	Arcadia Books
The House of Arden	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Fractale	publisher	Square Enix
Fractale	publisher	Media Factory
Forza Motorsport 4	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Darkest Hour: A Hearts of Iron Game	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Charmed	publisher	Zenescope Entertainment
The Cover	publisher	Euromoney Institutional Investor
Poetry Flash	publisher	Joyce Jenkins
The Plant	publisher	Philtrum Press
Ny Teknik	publisher	Talentum
Science Software Quarterly	publisher	Arizona State University
Science Software Quarterly	publisher	John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
NCAA College Football 2K2: Road to the Rose Bowl	publisher	2
Karasu Tengu Kabuto	publisher	Shueisha
Cliometrica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Minori Scramble!	publisher	Houbunsha
L'Aérophile	publisher	Aéro-Club de France, Blondel la Rougery
As Comadres	publisher	Editora Shekinah  and Editora Agbook
Nothing to Envy	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
American Notes and Queries	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Medusa: A Tiger by the Tail	publisher	Del Rey Books
Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife	publisher	Coffee House Press
Hector: Badge of Carnage	publisher	Telltale Games
Out of the Dark	publisher	Tor Books
Embassytown	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Monkey Bible	publisher	Outer Rim Press, LLC
A Man Asleep	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Speech and Phenomena	publisher	Presses Universitaires de France
Points...: Interviews, 1974-1994	publisher	Éditions Galilée
Barfüßiger Februar	publisher	Rotbuch Verlag
The Traveller's Baggage	publisher	Futura
The Elephant's Journey	publisher	Caminho
Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Swamp	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Sailor's Return	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Florida Journal of International Law	publisher	University of Florida Levin College of Law
Of Thee I Sing	publisher	Knopf Books for Young Readers
Jack Carter's Law	publisher	Michael Joseph
Sun Horse, Moon Horse	publisher	The Bodley Head
Some Do Not ...	publisher	T. Seltzer
The Dark Volume	publisher	Viking
La Mort de la Terre	publisher	Arno Press
La Mort de la Terre	publisher	Black Coat Press
La Mort de la Terre	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
A Man Could Stand Up —	publisher	A. & C. Boni
A Man Could Stand Up —	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
Last Post	publisher	Duckworth
No More Parades	publisher	A. & C. Boni
Conan the Great	publisher	Tor Books
Moto Racer World Tour	publisher	Infogrames
Montanan	publisher	University of Montana
Yosuga no Sora	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Very Bad Book	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Supreme Commander	publisher	THQ
Shadows of the Damned	publisher	Electronic Arts
DmC: Devil May Cry	publisher	Capcom
Avengers: Celestial Quest	publisher	Marvel Comics
Asura's Wrath	publisher	Capcom
The 1981 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Oncology Reports	publisher	Spandidos Publications
Phantasy Star Online 2	publisher	Sega
The 1982 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Memoirs of an Invisible Man	publisher	New York: Atheneum
Bungakukai	publisher	Bungeishunjū
The Color of Crime	publisher	New York University Press
The 1983 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London	publisher	Quercus
Deadlock	publisher	Dell paperback
The Reluctant Tommy	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Quadrel	publisher	Loriciels
Yomeiro Choice	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Fry Chronicles	publisher	Penguin Books
Tekken Tag Tournament 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Satoru Nakajima F-1 Hero GB World Championship '91	publisher	Varie
Operation Dark Heart	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Libertarianism Without Inequality	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Healing of America	publisher	Penguin Press
Milton	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
The Cobra	publisher	Bantam Press
Butterflies, Flowers	publisher	Shogakukan
Cheese Cat-Astrophe Starring Speedy Gonzales	publisher	Sega
The Day I Shot Cupid	publisher	Voice
Tony Hawk: Shred	publisher	Activision
China's Best Actor: Wen Jiabao	publisher	New Century Press , Hongkong
Arthur's Quest: Battle for the Kingdom	publisher	ValuSoft
Reviews of Geophysics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Geophysical Union
Anito: Defend a Land Enraged	publisher	Anino Games
Pocket Frogs	publisher	NimbleBit
Rise of Nightmares	publisher	Sega
How Curious a Land	publisher	University of North Carolina Press
Pharmacotherapy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Crucible of Time	publisher	Del Rey/Ballantine
Sekai de Ichiban Yasashii Ongaku	publisher	Kodansha
Young Sherlock: The Legacy of Doyle	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Soulless	publisher	Orbit Books
Changeless	publisher	Orbit Books
Otome Yōkai Zakuro	publisher	Gentosha
Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials	publisher	Elsevier
Monastery Among the Temple Trees	publisher	Dayawansa Jayakody Publications
IEEE Transactions on Magnetics	publisher	IEEE Magnetics Society
In an Antique Land	publisher	Ravi Dayal Publishers
Steel Battalion: Heavy Armor	publisher	Capcom
The Robert E. Howard Reader	publisher	Wildside Press
Obama's Wars	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Sigtuna väravad	publisher	Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv
Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors	publisher	Elsevier
Real Heroes: Firefighter	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
Frontiers of Physics in China	publisher	Higher Education Press
Frontiers of Physics in China	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years	publisher	Kodansha America
Bulletin de la Société Sciences Nat	publisher	Sciences Nat
Blameless	publisher	Orbit Books
Heartless	publisher	Orbit Books
Mississippi Law Journal	publisher	University of Mississippi School of Law
Hana no Asuka-gumi!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Hana no Asuka-gumi!	publisher	Feel Young
The 1984 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
The Roaring Trumpet	publisher	Street & Smith
Through the Valley	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Swoop	publisher	Micro Power
Black Ships Before Troy	publisher	Frances Lincoln
Vespers Rising	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Rhythm	publisher	Future plc
Mangia	publisher	Spectravideo
My Take	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Explorations in Economic History	publisher	Elsevier
ATP Tour Championship Tennis	publisher	Sega
Redemption Song: The Ballad of Joe Strummer	publisher	Faber and Faber
Rollo in Emblemland	publisher	Doubleday
Yuri Seijin Naoko-san	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Cosmic Landscape	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Outcast	publisher	OUP
Pro Football: Its Ups and Downs	publisher	J.B. Lyon Company
Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper	publisher	Arthur Robert Harding
Don't Rush Love	publisher	Core Magazine
Shining Legend	publisher	Atari
Tsukumonogatari	publisher	FuRyu
A Bride's Story	publisher	Enterbrain
The Empty Family	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Blade Kitten	publisher	Atari
Blade Kitten	publisher	Krome Studios
West Branch	publisher	Stadler Center for Poetry, Bucknell University
Snake Byte	publisher	Sirius Software
Gauntlet	publisher	Micro Power
The Toff on the Farm	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Positive	publisher	Implosion Publishing
Ghouls	publisher	Micro Power
Jack London's San Francisco Stories	publisher	Sydney Samizdat Press
Social City	publisher	Playdom
The Cambridge Quintet	publisher	Helix Books
The Cambridge Quintet	publisher	Addison-Wesley
The Sleeping Beauty	publisher	LUNA Books
Captains and the Kings	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Nature Communications	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Bayou St. John	publisher	Eloquent Books
Canadian Cowboy Country Magazine	publisher	Rob Tanner
Planet Michael	publisher	SEE Virtual Worlds, LLC
Spoken from the Heart	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Life of John Maynard Keynes	publisher	Macmillan, W.W. Norton & Company, Inc.
A Guide To Keynes	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Economics of John Maynard Keynes: The Theory of Monetary Economy	publisher	Prentice Hall, Inc.
SingStar Guitar	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Firefall	publisher	Red 5 Studios
Firefall	publisher	Garena
Surface Detail	publisher	Orbit
Adventure	publisher	Micro Power
The 1985 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
SBK X: Superbike World Championship	publisher	Black Bean Games
The 1986 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
The 1987 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Green Lantern: Rise of the Manhunters	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Mega Man Legends 3	publisher	Capcom
Toother	publisher	Night Shade Books
SingStar Dance	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Squid Girl	publisher	Akita Shoten
DC Super Stars	publisher	DC Comics
Strimko	publisher	Braintonik
The Mathematics of Magic	publisher	Street & Smith
Dead or Alive: Dimensions	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Dead or Alive: Dimensions	publisher	Nintendo
Sharp Shot	publisher	Mattel
Bloody Good Time	publisher	Ubisoft
Learn with Pokémon: Typing Adventure	publisher	The Pokémon Company
W.L.O. Sekai Renai Kikō	publisher	5
Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women	publisher	Villard Books
Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
And Yet the Town Moves	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Where Keynes Went Wrong	publisher	Axios Press
Space Brothers	publisher	Kodansha
Shinya Shokudō	publisher	Shogakukan
Thermae Romae	publisher	Enterbrain
The International MS Journal	publisher	Cambridge Medical Publications
The 1988 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
The Keynes Solution	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Journal of Contemporary Health Law and Policy	publisher	Columbus School of Law
NASCAR The Game: 2011	publisher	Activision
Tantei Opera Milky Holmes	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tantei Opera Milky Holmes	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The 1989 Annual World's Best SF	publisher	DAW Books
Kuri Kinton	publisher	Taito
Rzeźnik drzew	publisher	Fabryka Słów
Journal of Medicine	publisher	Karger Publishers
Dead of Winter	publisher	Wildside Press
The Journal of Antibiotics	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Greybeard	publisher	Faber & Faber
Greybeard	publisher	Harcourt, Brace and World
Greybeard	publisher	New American Library
Fable: The Balverine Order	publisher	Ace Books
Pang: Magical Michael	publisher	Rising Star Games
International Journal for Parasitology	publisher	Elsevier
The Scorch Trials	publisher	Delacorte Press
World's Best Science Fiction: 1965	publisher	Ace Books
Southern Jewish History	publisher	Southern Jewish Historical Society
Anarchy	publisher	Psygnosis
International Immunology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Pharmacology & Therapeutics	publisher	Elsevier
Sky Soldiers	publisher	SNK
William and Mary Men's Soccer	publisher	Arcadia Publishing
Halloween ABC	publisher	Macmillan
Asian Journal of Mathematics	publisher	International Press
Who Rules America%3F	publisher	Prentice-Hall
Mori no Asagao	publisher	Futabasha
Hyakka Ryōran	publisher	Hobby Japan
Hyakka Ryōran	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Hyakka Ryōran	publisher	Media Factory
Transformers: Armada	publisher	Dreamwave Productions
Resident Evil: The Mercenaries 3D	publisher	Capcom
By Nightfall	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
World's Best Science Fiction: 1971	publisher	Ace Books
Minds and Machines	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Corrections	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Drag Racer	publisher	XMG Studio
Drag Racer	publisher	Phantom Games
Philippa Fisher and the Dream-Maker's Daughter	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Georgetown Journal of International Law	publisher	Georgetown University Law Center
Sarvavijnanakosam	publisher	State Institute of Encyclopaedic Publications
Viswasahityavijnanakosam	publisher	State Institute of Encyclopaedic Publications
Hellboy: The Wild Hunt	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Kōryū no Mimi	publisher	VAP
Hellboy: The Crooked Man and Others	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Amai Seikatsu	publisher	Shueisha
Mink Trapping	publisher	Arthur Robert Harding
Brain Pathology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Society of Neuropathology
Texas Journal on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights	publisher	University of Texas School of Law
Captain America: Super Soldier	publisher	Sega
Racing Damashii	publisher	Irem
Konami Classics	publisher	Konami
PopCap Arcade	publisher	PopCap Games
ShootMania Storm	publisher	Ubisoft
Quattro compilations	publisher	Camerica
Quattro compilations	publisher	Codemasters
Quattro compilations	publisher	Megastar Joystick
Hull Zero Three	publisher	Orbit
Radical	publisher	Multnomah Books
Sang Pemimpi	publisher	(•Yogyakarta: Bentang Pustaka)
Northwestern Journal of Technology and Intellectual Property	publisher	Northwestern University School of Law
On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and The Heroic in History	publisher	James Fraser
The Rip Off Review of Western Culture	publisher	Rip Off Press
Virus: The Game	publisher	Sir-Tech
Shenmue City	publisher	Sunsoft
The Second Book of General Ignorance	publisher	Faber and Faber
Torture	publisher	International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims
Framed	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
X-Men: Destiny	publisher	Activision
Vegan Virgin Valentine	publisher	Candlewick Press
Schooled	publisher	Scholastic
Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus	publisher	Gameloft
J.League Super Soccer '95 Jikkyō Stadium	publisher	Hudson Soft
J.League '96 Dream Stadium	publisher	Hudson Soft
Oral Oncology	publisher	Elsevier
The Breast	publisher	Elsevier
Molecular Oncology	publisher	Elsevier
Sex, Slander, and Salvation	publisher	Center for Academic Publication
A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Disney Sing It: Party Hits	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Alien Breed 2: Assault	publisher	Team17
Aion	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Disney Sing It: Family Hits	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Lacuna	publisher	HarperCollins
Dork Diaries	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
This Isn't What It Looks Like	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Pandemia	publisher	AudioCraft Publishing
The Marvelous Land of Oz	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Kalām Cosmological Argument	publisher	Barnes & Noble, New York
Stock Car	publisher	Micro Power
C++ Report	publisher	SIGS Publications Group
Cargo of Eagles	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Filozofia	publisher	Institute of Philosophy, Slovak Academy of Sciences
Human Affairs	publisher	De Gruyter on behalf of the Slovak Academy of Sciences
DragonFable	publisher	Artix Entertainment
F-1 Grand Prix	publisher	Video System
F-1 Grand Prix Part III	publisher	Video System
F-1 Grand Prix Part II	publisher	Video System
Frenzy	publisher	Micro Power
Super Formation Soccer 96: World Club Edition	publisher	Human Entertainment
The Medieval Review	publisher	Indiana University
Camelot	publisher	Superior Software
Camelot	publisher	Blue Ribbon
Camelot	publisher	Acornsoft
Silliman Journal	publisher	Silliman University
The Helmet of Navarre	publisher	The Century Co.
The Worst Hard Time	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Worst Hard Time	publisher	Mariner Books
Sega Ski Super G	publisher	Sega
Journal of Holistic Nursing	publisher	SAGE Publications
Raging Fighter	publisher	Konami
Postal Babes	publisher	HeroCraft
Ink	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Lost Horizon	publisher	Deep Silver
Victorian Studies	publisher	Indiana University Press
Norms of Liberty	publisher	Penn State University Press
San Marco	publisher	Ravensburger
The Diddakoi	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Diddakoi	publisher	Viking Press
Warheads: Medieval Tales	publisher	Urban Mammoth
Our Kind of Traitor	publisher	Viking Press
The God Engines	publisher	Subterranean Press
Bodyguard of Lies	publisher	Harper and Row
Legions of the Dead	publisher	Bantam Books
The People of the Summit	publisher	Lancer Books
Shadows in the Dark	publisher	Bantam Books
The Star of Khorala	publisher	Bantam Books
The Gem in the Tower	publisher	Bantam Books
The Ivory Goddess	publisher	Bantam Books
Moon of Blood	publisher	Bantam Books
Millennium: Journal of International Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Family Practice	publisher	Oxford University Press
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase	publisher	Kemco
The Breaks of the Game	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Necrodome	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Necrodome	publisher	Mindscape
Cyclones	publisher	Strategic Simulations, Inc
The Finkler Question	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Blue Moon City	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Blue Moon City	publisher	Κάισσα
In Defense of Reason	publisher	Alan Swallow Press
In Defense of Reason	publisher	Ohio University Press
Croatian Tales of Long Ago	publisher	Matica hrvatska
Doraemon 2: SOS! Otogi no Kuni	publisher	Epoch Co.
Booky Wook 2	publisher	HarperCollins
Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Dreams to Reality	publisher	Electronic Arts
Krishnamurti to Himself	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Krishnamurti to Himself	publisher	HarperCollins
Dota 2	publisher	Valve Corporation
The Son of Neptune	publisher	Disney-Hyperion Books
Top Spin 4	publisher	2
Robinson's Requiem	publisher	ReadySoft
Journal of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network	publisher	Harborside Press
Lung Cancer	publisher	Elsevier
Mass Destruction	publisher	ASC Games and BMG Interactive Entertainment
Zentia	publisher	ChangYou
Dhammapada	publisher	Nilgiri
Another Century's Episode Portable	publisher	Banpresto
Another Century's Episode Portable	publisher	Namco Bandai
Iranshenasi	publisher	Keyan Foundation
Superior	publisher	Icon Comics
Home and Away: Hearts Divided	publisher	Pan Australia
World's Best Science Fiction: 1966	publisher	Ace Books
World's Best Science Fiction: 1967	publisher	Ace Books
The Third Terrorist	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Speris Legacy	publisher	Team17
Deus	publisher	ReadySoft
World Soul	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Ghosts 'n Goblins: Gold Knights	publisher	Capcom
Conjure Wife	publisher	Street & Smith Publications for Unknown Worlds
Star Raiders	publisher	Atari, SA
Hollywood Husbands	publisher	Pocket Books, division of Simon & Schuster
Encyclopedia of Performing Arts	publisher	Casa Editrice Le Maschere;
Encyclopedia of Performing Arts	publisher	Unione Editoriale
Duke Nukem 3D: Reloaded	publisher	Gearbox Software
Pinheads and Patriots	publisher	William Morrow
The Emperor of Nihon-Ja	publisher	Random House
Atagoal	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
The Dragon's Apprentice	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Help! I'm Trapped in my Teacher's Body	publisher	Scholastic Press
Z-Out	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Chitral Vision	publisher	Syed Saghir Ansari
Generation Loss	publisher	Mariner Books
Soul On Ice	publisher	Ramparts Press Inc.
Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Tomcat	publisher	Players Software
Cut the Rope	publisher	Chillingo
Cut the Rope	publisher	Activision
Cut the Rope	publisher	Kairosoft
PDC World Championship Darts Pro Tour	publisher	O-Games
The English Gentleman	publisher	Viking Press
Strega	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf, New York, U.S.A.
HHhH	publisher	Grasset & Fasquelle
Love Vibes	publisher	Shueisha
Mourning Ruby	publisher	Viking Books
Philosophy and Theology	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Fractal Geometry of Nature	publisher	W. H. Freeman and Co.
Bébé's Kids	publisher	Paramount Interactive
Bébé's Kids	publisher	Motown Games
Deathstar	publisher	Superior Software
Deathstar	publisher	Blue Ribbon
The Catholic Transcript	publisher	Archbishop Leonard Paul Blair
Mortimer and the Riddles of the Medallion	publisher	LucasArts
Just Dance Kids	publisher	Ubisoft
Axel & Pixel	publisher	2
Back to the Future: The Game	publisher	Telltale Games
Pathik Pravasan	publisher	Jaya Prakashan, Kathmandu
Novitates entomologicae	publisher	Eugène Le Moult
Buzz!: The Ultimate Music Quiz	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
International Conference on Intelligent Text Processing and Computational Linguistics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Conference on Intelligent Text Processing and Computational Linguistics	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Transformers: War for Cybertron	publisher	Activision
The Magical Revival	publisher	Muller
World's Best Science Fiction: 1970	publisher	Ace Books
Intereconomics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
One Nation Under Surveillance	publisher	Oxford University Press
Orbital	publisher	Dupuis
Orbital	publisher	Cinebook
I	publisher	Johnston Press
Super Skidmarks	publisher	Acid Software
Super Skidmarks	publisher	CDS Software
Super Skidmarks	publisher	Codemasters
The Eyes of My Princess	publisher	Diamante
Haunted House	publisher	Shodensha
Pinkas haKehilot	publisher	Yad Vashem
Cop this Lot	publisher	Ure Smith, Sydney
The Coming of the Terraphiles	publisher	BBC Books
Mary Ann in Autumn	publisher	HarperCollins
Tamayura	publisher	Mag Garden
Tamayura	publisher	Mag Garden
Wacky Races: Crash and Dash	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Chimpanzee Complex	publisher	Dargaud
The Chimpanzee Complex	publisher	Cinebook
Green Manor	publisher	Dupuis
Green Manor	publisher	Cinebook
Wacky Races: Mad Motors	publisher	Blast! Entertainment
Yachting World	publisher	IPC Media
Judgment Day	publisher	Street & Smith Publications, Inc.
Assassin's Creed: The Fall	publisher	Wildstorm
Journal of Neuroscience Research	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Age of Hammer Wars	publisher	iSquared Games
Megane na Kanojo	publisher	Flex Comix
Dark Matter	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Santa Evita	publisher	Seix Barral
Apache: Air Assault	publisher	Activision
Targeted Killing in International Law	publisher	Oxford University Press
New Journal of Botany	publisher	Maney Publishing on behalf of the Botanical Society of Britain and Ireland
The Journal of Economic History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Nancy Drew: The Captive Curse	publisher	Her Interactive
Deliverance: Stormlord II	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Snake Bitten	publisher	Sydney: UNSW Press
Galaxian 2	publisher	Entex Industries
Don't Forget the Bacon!	publisher	Bodley Head
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2011	publisher	Activision
European Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier
Bob Dylan, Performing Artist	publisher	Omnibus Press
Deadfalls and Snares	publisher	Arthur Robert Harding
Indiana Law Journal	publisher	Indiana University Maurer School of Law
Professional Ethics	publisher	Center for Applied Ethics, University of Florida
Questions: Philosophy for Young People	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Bertram Cope's Year	publisher	Ralph Fletcher Seymour
Once An Eagle	publisher	Holt, Rinehart, and Winston
Irish Tweed	publisher	Forge Books
Political Science	publisher	Sage Publications
Social Foundations of Thought and Action	publisher	Prentice Hall
The Savage Girl	publisher	HarperCollins
European Union Politics	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Tiger That Isn't	publisher	Profile Books
Storm Online	publisher	Shanda Games
Storm Online	publisher	Mail.Ru Games
Storm Online	publisher	Unalis Co. Ltd
Politikk som idékamp	publisher	Pax Forlag
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968	publisher	Ace Books
World's Best Science Fiction: 1969	publisher	Ace Books
Old Jews Telling Jokes	publisher	Villard
International Angiology	publisher	Edizioni Minerva Medica
Lady in Waiting	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Conan the Hunter	publisher	Tor Books
A Full and True Account of the Wonderful Mission of Earl Lavender	publisher	Ward & Downey
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 1	publisher	Ballantine Books
Walking to Hollywood	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Assholes Finish First	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Will the Boat Sink the Water	publisher	PublicAffairs
Project Earth: Starmageddon	publisher	DreamCatcher Games
Kick-Ass 2	publisher	Icon Comics
Present Danger	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Secret Histories	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Social Epistemology	publisher	Routledge
Wolverine: The Best There Is	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Cambridge Companion to Bob Dylan	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Gladys in Grammarland	publisher	Roxburghe Press
A Channel	publisher	Houbunsha
Carnivale De Robotique	publisher	South Fellini
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 2	publisher	Ballantine Books
Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Last Train from Hiroshima	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Scientific Man versus Power Politics	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Eagle One: Harrier Attack	publisher	Infogrames
With the Lightnings	publisher	Baen Books
I Don't Like You at All, Big Brother!!	publisher	Futabasha
Brainwash: The Secret History of Mind Control	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Track of Sand	publisher	Penguin Books
The Track of Sand	publisher	Sellerio Editore
The Warrior's Apprentice	publisher	Baen Books
Cetaganda	publisher	Baen Books
The Million Dollar Kick	publisher	Hyperion Book CH
Moon Diver	publisher	Square Enix
The Midnight Charter	publisher	Puffin Books
The Saturdays: Our Story	publisher	Bantam Press
The Saturdays: Our Story	publisher	Transworld
Puella Magi Madoka Magica	publisher	Nitroplus
Inquiry: Critical Thinking Across the Disciplines	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Imperfect Hero	publisher	Gentosha
Astral Project	publisher	Enterbrain
Little Fluffy Gigolo Pelu	publisher	Enterbrain
Shock	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Inquiry: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Philosophy	publisher	Routledge
Österlandet	publisher	Ingram, Muzot Press
Acta Philosophica Fennica	publisher	Philosophical Society of Finland
Neverwinter	publisher	Perfect World
Bejeweled 3	publisher	PopCap Games
Kunisaki Izumo no Jijō	publisher	Shogakukan
The Canticle of Whispers	publisher	Georg von Holtzbrinck Publishing Group
The Children of the Lost	publisher	Puffin Books
Healing Words: Poetry and Medicine	publisher	Healing Words Productions
The Accidental Teacher	publisher	The University of Michigan Press
The Dreamer	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Gifts of the Body	publisher	HarperCollins
100 Best Australian Albums	publisher	Hardie Grant Books
Luka and the Fire of Life	publisher	Random House
RollerCoaster Tycoon World	publisher	Atari, Inc.
RollerCoaster Tycoon World	publisher	RCTO Productions
Transformers Universe	publisher	Marvel Comics
Transformers Universe	publisher	3
People's Republic	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Black Friday	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Refuge: An Unnatural History of Family and Place	publisher	Pantheon Books
Journal of International Money and Finance	publisher	Elsevier
The New Jim Crow	publisher	The New Press
The Gates of Thorbardin	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Nadirim	publisher	Twisted Tribe
Perfect: A Novel	publisher	Milkweed Editions
The Confession	publisher	Doubleday , Century
Shinjū	publisher	Random House
Post Road	publisher	Boston College
Asura Buster: Eternal Warriors	publisher	Fuuki
Reckless	publisher	Chicken House
Empire	publisher	St Martin's Press
Changes: A Love Story	publisher	The Feminist Press
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 3	publisher	Ballantine Books
Inversion	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook on Azerbaijan	publisher	Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook  Group
Darksiders II	publisher	THQ
UFC Personal Trainer	publisher	THQ
Duties Beyond Borders	publisher	Syracuse University Press
Suite PreCure	publisher	Kodansha
Megamind	publisher	THQ
Mission: Earth, Voyage to the Home Planet	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Casablanca	publisher	METZENGERSTEIN
Casablanca	publisher	MSU Press
Battlefield Play4Free	publisher	Electronic Arts
Journal of Obstetric, Gynecologic, & Neonatal Nursing	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses
Blood Drive	publisher	Activision
Taekwon-Do	publisher	Human Entertainment
Battle Cross	publisher	Imagineer
Atheism in Christianity	publisher	Herder and Herder
Hunger's Rogues	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
AORN Journal	publisher	Elsevier for Association of periOperative Registered Nurses
The Journal for Nurse Practitioners	publisher	Elsevier for American Association of Nurse Practitioners
Skeletons on the Zahara	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The New Prime	publisher	Worlds Beyond
Pakistan West	publisher	Sajid Mahmud Shah
Texas Review of Entertainment & Sports Law	publisher	University of Texas School of Law
The Map and the Territory	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
City of Thieves	publisher	Viking Penguin
SCORE International Baja 1000	publisher	Activision
Pandora Box	publisher	Dupuis
Pandora Box	publisher	Cinebook
Empires of the Indus	publisher	John Murray
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 4	publisher	Ballantine Books
Pacific Standard	publisher	Sara Miller McCune
Cthulhu's Reign	publisher	DAW Books
ACS Catalysis	publisher	American Chemical Society
Neonatal Network	publisher	Springer Publishing
Advances in Neonatal Care	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
On the Trail of the Golden Owl	publisher	Manya
The Anderson Tapes	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Fall of the Pagoda	publisher	Hong Kong University Press
Takeda Nobuhiro no Super League Soccer	publisher	Jaleco
Alpha	publisher	Le Lombard
Alpha	publisher	Cinebook
Long John Silver	publisher	Dargaud
Long John Silver	publisher	Cinebook
Insiders	publisher	Dargaud
Insiders	publisher	Cinebook
Hard Times: An Oral History of the Great Depression	publisher	Pantheon Books
Think: act	publisher	Burkhard Schwenker
I Love Bacon!	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing
Cho tôi xin một vé đi tuổi thơ	publisher	Tre Publishing House
Perfect Dark	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Besoiro	publisher	Patrick Arnaud
Dead Space: Martyr	publisher	Tor Books
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 5	publisher	Ballantine Books
White House Diary	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Race Driver: Grid	publisher	Codemasters
The Last Dragon	publisher	Salani
Arrow of Laputa	publisher	ArtePiazza
Captain Tsubasa 5: Hasha no Shōgō Campione	publisher	Tecmo
Requiem for a Species	publisher	Earthscan
Twenty Palaces	publisher	Del Rey Books
Aretha II: Ariel no Fushigi na Tabi	publisher	Yanoman Corporation
Your Shape	publisher	Ubisoft
Life	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Life	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines	publisher	Landes Bioscience
The Fifth Queen	publisher	Alston Rivers
The Fifth Queen	publisher	Nash
The Fifth Queen	publisher	Vintage Classics
True You	publisher	Karen Hunter
Gdleen	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gunple: Gunman’s Proof	publisher	ASCII
Takeda Nobuhiro no Ace Striker	publisher	Jaleco
Frontiers in Psychology	publisher	Frontiers
Sunset Park	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Philosophy: An Introduction to the Art of Wondering	publisher	Holt McDougal
Broke: The Plan to Restore Our Trust, Truth, and Treasure	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Debtor Nation	publisher	Princeton University Press
Edo no Kiba	publisher	Telenet Japan
Mystery Case Files: 13th Skull	publisher	Big Fish Games
Top Management II	publisher	Koei
Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Great Game	publisher	John Murray
The Great Game	publisher	Kodansha International
The Clockwork Three	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Zan: Yasha Enbukyoku	publisher	Wolf Team
Tasty Planet: Back for Seconds	publisher	Dingo Games
JFK in Ireland	publisher	HarperCollins
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3	publisher	Activision
Transgenic Research	publisher	Springer
The Prague Cemetery	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Prague Cemetery	publisher	Harvill Secker
International Journal of Nursing Knowledge	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of NANDA
Schmeiser Robo	publisher	HOT・B
The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages	publisher	Harcourt Brace
ASTA: The War of Tears and Winds	publisher	NHN
ASTA: The War of Tears and Winds	publisher	Webzen
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 6	publisher	Del Rey Books
UN Special	publisher	Bercher S.A. Publicité Générale
Cyber Knight II: Chikyū Teikoku no Yabō	publisher	Tonkin House
Wigs on the Green	publisher	Thornton Butterworth
Major League Baseball 2K11	publisher	2
Year's Best SF 15	publisher	HarperCollins
Fluidity	publisher	Nintendo
Hide My Eyes	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The City of Greyhawk	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Atlas	publisher	Artdink
The Atlas	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Gold by the Inch	publisher	Grove Press
Zenkoku Kōkō Soccer	publisher	Yojigen
Zenkoku Kōkō Soccer Senshuken '96	publisher	Magical Company
Zenkoku Kōkō Soccer 2	publisher	Yojigen
Black Sea Security	publisher	Nomos Center
Shift 2: Unleashed	publisher	Electronic Arts
Reproductive Health Matters	publisher	Elsevier
Prom Nights from Hell	publisher	HarperCollins
Un destino ridicolo	publisher	Giulio Einaudi Editore
Seafight	publisher	Bigpoint Games
Cutie Suzuki no Ringside Angel	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Chōkyūkai Miracle Nine	publisher	SEGA Enterprises Ltd.
Battle Golfer Yui	publisher	Sega
Blue Almanac	publisher	Kodansha
Progress in Optics	publisher	Elsevier
Riddim Ribbon	publisher	Tapulous
Farmerama	publisher	Bigpoint
The Lost Thing	publisher	Lothian Books
The Dark Heart of Time	publisher	Del Rey Books
A Good Marriage	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Journal of Internal Medicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
ZooMumba	publisher	Bigpoint
Rugby Challenge	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Maten no Sōmetsu	publisher	Kodansha Ltd.
Don Doko Don 2	publisher	Taito
The Complete Wizard's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Thief's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Priest's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Fighter's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Crusade	publisher	Le Lombard
Crusade	publisher	Cinebook
Ravenloft: Realm of Terror	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
Prophecy 1: The Viking Child	publisher	Imagitec Design
Maten Densetsu: Senritsu no Ooparts	publisher	Takara
Canadian Journal of Neurological Sciences	publisher	Canadian Neurological Sciences Federation
Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon	publisher	D3 Publisher
Drakas!	publisher	Baen Books
Lego Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Neuropsychology Review	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Pediatric Clinics of North America	publisher	Saunders
The Sentimentalists	publisher	Gaspereau Press
The Sentimentalists	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
Tel-Tel Stadium	publisher	Sunsoft
Tel-Tel Mahjong	publisher	Sunsoft
International Journal of Developmental Neuroscience	publisher	Elsevier
The Dead	publisher	Puffin Books
What Men Call Treasure	publisher	Cinco Punto Press
100 Tons of Gold	publisher	Doubleday
1922	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Nights of Rain and Stars	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Championship Wrestling	publisher	Epyx
The Journal of Insectivorous Plant Society	publisher	Insectivorous Plant Society
The Castle Guide	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dragon Ball Kai: Ultimate Butoden	publisher	Namco Bandai
Super Robot Wars Original Generation: The Inspector	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Frozen in Time	publisher	OUP Oxford
Psychoanalysis	publisher	EC Comics
Psychological Inquiry	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Man vs. Wild	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Mao's Great Famine	publisher	Walker & Company
Mao's Great Famine	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Spelljammer: AD&D Adventures in Space	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Duke Nukem: Critical Mass	publisher	Deep Silver
Tristan and Iseult	publisher	The Bodley Head
Birds Britannica	publisher	Chatto & Windus
UDraw Pictionary	publisher	THQ
Chibisan Date	publisher	Gentosha
King of Kilba	publisher	Ward Lock
Babylon Revisited	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Journal of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology	publisher	American Scientific Publishers
The Dark Griffin	publisher	HarperVoyager, HarperCollinsPublishers
Fair Extension	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
PACO	publisher	MEM and Central Workers' Circle of Friends of Esperanto
Big Driver	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Lady S	publisher	Dupuis
Lady S	publisher	Cinebook
Choplifter II	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Den nya nordiska floran	publisher	Wahlström & Widstrand
Richard Yates	publisher	Melville House Publishing
Stacking	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Stacking	publisher	THQ
MMA Pro Fighter	publisher	Digital Chocolate
Shining Hearts	publisher	Sega
The Still Point	publisher	Portobello Books Ltd
The Economics Anti-Textbook	publisher	Zed Books
Western	publisher	Le Lombard
Western	publisher	Cinebook
The Secret of Wilhelm Storitz	publisher	Louis-Jules Hetzel
Mornings in Jenin	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Hella Nation	publisher	Putnam Adult
Solomon's Club	publisher	Tecmo
Biblical Theology Bulletin	publisher	SAGE Publications
Magallania	publisher	University of Magallanes
The Female Marine	publisher	Nathaniel Coverly
The Ball	publisher	Tripwire Interactive
The Little Emperors	publisher	Faber & Faber
The Little Emperors	publisher	Coward-McCann
The Sly Old Cat	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption	publisher	Random House
Vapor	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers
Spot: The Cool Adventure	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Ranch Rush 2	publisher	FreshGames
Miscellanea Entomologica	publisher	Eugène Barthe
Battle Unit Zeoth	publisher	Jaleco Entertainment
UEFA Challenge	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment
The Cannibal	publisher	New Directions Publishing
The Popularity Papers	publisher	Abrams Books
Technology and the Character of Contemporary Life: A Philosophical Inquiry	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Ilomilo	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
American River Review	publisher	American River College
Samurai Warriors: Chronicles	publisher	Tecmo Koei
The Rice Sprout Song	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Agent Armstrong	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Pac-Man Championship Edition DX	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies	publisher	University of California Press
Queen Margot	publisher	Théloma
Queen Margot	publisher	Cinebook
CART Precision Racing	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Bravo Air Race	publisher	THQ
Peckinpah: An Ultraviolent Romance	publisher	Shroud
The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Uncanny X-Force	publisher	Marvel Comics
Animorphs: Know the Secret	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Animorphs: Shattered Reality	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment, SA
Into Oblivion	publisher	Mastertronic
Dood's Big Adventure	publisher	THQ
Tron: Betrayal	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 7	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pinball FX 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 8	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 9	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 10	publisher	Pocket Books
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 11	publisher	Pocket Books
Undersea Trilogy	publisher	Baen Books
Undersea Trilogy	publisher	Gnome Press
Xena: Warrior Princess	publisher	Electronic Arts
Xena: Warrior Princess	publisher	Titus Software
Xena: Warrior Princess	publisher	Blast! Entertainment
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 12	publisher	Pocket Books
Dungeon Geomorphs	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Monster & Treasure Assortment	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Jesus' Son	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
RHEM 4: The Golden Fragments	publisher	WHA Entertainment, Micro Application
Marvel Pinball	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Marvel Pinball	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Marvel Pinball	publisher	Zen Studios
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time Re-Shelled	publisher	Ubisoft
Dungeon Masters Screen	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Non-Player Character Records	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Permanent Character Folder & Adventure Records	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Elf on the Shelf	publisher	CCA and B Publishing
Khazar English-Azerbaijani Comprehensive Dictionary	publisher	Khazar University Press
Dungeon Masters Adventure Log	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Rogues Gallery	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Cubis 2	publisher	FreshGames
Monster Cards	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Front Mission 2089	publisher	Square Enix
The Cardturner	publisher	Delacorte Press
Waru	publisher	Kodansha
Front Mission 2089-II	publisher	Square Enix
Twisted: The Game Show	publisher	Electronic Arts
Thor: God of Thunder	publisher	Sega
Aquatic Toxicology	publisher	Elsevier
FA Premier League Stars	publisher	Electronic Arts
Archives of Pathology & Laboratory Medicine	publisher	College of American Pathologists
Ms. Splosion Man	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Security Dialogue	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Peace Research Institute Oslo
Dead Space: Salvage	publisher	IDW Publishing
How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe	publisher	Pantheon Books
Our Nig	publisher	Geo. C. Rand & Avery
Night Thoughts of a Classical Physicist	publisher	Harvard University Press
Bones to Ashes	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Devil Bones	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Spider Bones	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Tracker	publisher	Top Cow
Tracker	publisher	Heroes and Villains Entertainment
Burger Burger	publisher	Gaps
Dream Chronicles: The Book of Water	publisher	PlayFirst
Environmental Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Catch the Beat	publisher	Djhistory.com
Das Taublatt	publisher	Gesellschaft für fleischfressende Pflanzen im deutschsprachigen Raum
Carniflora Australis	publisher	Australasian Carnivorous Plant Society
Dionée	publisher	Association Francophone des Amateurs de Plantes Carnivores
Doctor Who Roleplaying Game	publisher	Cubicle 7
Planta Carnivora	publisher	The Carnivorous Plant Society
Stenopetala	publisher	The New Zealand Carnivorous Plant Society
Grave Secrets	publisher	Arrow Books Ltd
Journal of Mind and Behavior	publisher	University of Maine Dept. of Psychology on behalf of The Institute of Mind and Behavior
Genocidal Organ	publisher	Hayakawa
Genocidal Organ	publisher	Viz Media
Trifid	publisher	Darwiniana
The Haunting	publisher	Dell Publishing
Front Mission: Online	publisher	Square Enix
Dolucky's A-League Soccer	publisher	Imagineer
Dolucky no Kusayakiu	publisher	Imagineer
Dolucky no Puzzle Tour '94	publisher	Imagineer
Call Me Elizabeth	publisher	Sphere
Street Racer	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Bulletin of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society	publisher	Australian Carnivorous Plant Society
Spare Parts	publisher	Electronic Arts
Victorian Carnivorous Plant Society Inc.	publisher	Victorian Carnivorous Plant Society
The Warlock: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	publisher	Random House
Noah's Compass	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Hussaini Encyclopedia	publisher	
Tomb Raider	publisher	Square Enix
Fear	publisher	Dutton Juvenile; Speak
Journal of Molluscan Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of The Malacological Society of London
Digimon Masters	publisher	movegames, Joymax
Shadow Master	publisher	Psygnosis
AIPC Magazine	publisher	Associazione Italiana Piante Carnivore
Dossun! Ganseki Battle	publisher	I'Max
Oman Medical Journal	publisher	Oman Medical Specialty Board
European Coatings Journal	publisher	Jürgen Nowak
Tramways & Urban Transit	publisher	1938
Tramways & Urban Transit	publisher	1962
Tramways & Urban Transit	publisher	2007
The China Governess	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Hyouge Mono	publisher	Kodansha
The Sims 3 Stuff packs	publisher	Electronic Arts
Flow, Turbulence and Combustion	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Templar Salvation	publisher	originally by Ziji Publishing paperback by Orion Books
Vortex	publisher	Tor Books
Tron Evolution: Battle Grids	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Tank! Tank! Tank!	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Chrysler Classic Racing	publisher	IndiePub Entertainment
Congo Journey	publisher	Penguin Books
Empire of Silver	publisher	HarperCollins
Bestiary of Dragons and Giants	publisher	TSR
The Book of Wondrous Inventions	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Odd Women	publisher	Lawrence and Bullen
How Loathsome	publisher	Comics Lit
How Loathsome	publisher	NBM Publishing
British Dental Journal	publisher	Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the British Dental Association
Süpercan	publisher	Türk Telekom
Cancer Causes & Control	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Wave Motion	publisher	Elsevier
The Gardener's Son	publisher	The Ecco Press
The Emirates of Ylaruam	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Kingdom of Ierendi	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Harms Way	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
The Journal of Comparative Neurology	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Dungeon Master's Design Kit	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Sturmwind	publisher	RedSpotGames
Bilingual Research Journal	publisher	Routledge
Cardiology in Review	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of Orthopaedic Trauma	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Circulation Research	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of Clinical Gastroenterology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Deeper	publisher	Pocket Books
Le Paysan de Paris	publisher	Editions Gallimard
Historical Atlas of China	publisher	China Cartographic Publishing House
Memoirs of a Magdalen	publisher	William Griffin
The Reason for God	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Bed of Procrustes	publisher	Random House
Suzuki's RM 250 Motocross	publisher	Gamestar
The Party: The Secret World of China's Communist Rulers	publisher	Penguin Books
While Mortals Sleep	publisher	Delacorte Press
Nonchan Noriben	publisher	Kodansha
Hardline	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Abduction	publisher	Penguin Group
The High Deeds of Finn MacCool	publisher	The Bodley Head
Arcania: Fall of Setarrif	publisher	Nordic Games GmbH
Buddy Holly Is Alive and Well on Ganymede	publisher	William Morrow & Co
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Insane	publisher	THQ
The Bad Child's Book of Beasts	publisher	The Camelot Press Limited
SSX	publisher	EA Sports
City System	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Prototype 2	publisher	Activision
The Quantum Thief	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Pohjalainen	publisher	Ilkka-Yhtymä
The Anthologist	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Get into Bed with Google	publisher	Infinite Ideas
The Bloke's Guide To Pregnancy	publisher	Hay House
Faery: Legends of Avalon	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Masterpiece	publisher	Christy Ottaviano Books, Henry Holt and Company
The Next Queen of Heaven	publisher	Concord Free Press
The Next Queen of Heaven	publisher	HarperCollins
Photochemistry and Photobiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell, on behalf of the American Society for Photobiology
Chu's Dynasty	publisher	Tribetoy
The Demon's Covenant	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Room	publisher	Newgrounds
Kara-Tur: The Eastern Realms	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Elves of Alfheim	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Northern Reaches	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Dwarves of Rockhome	publisher	TSR, Inc.
International Journal of Mobile and Blended Learning	publisher	IGI Global on behalf of the International Association for Mobile Learning
James Discovers Math	publisher	Brains
Cosmic Research	publisher	Interperiodica
Sur La Terre International	publisher	Publibrands SA
Sayonara Midori-chan	publisher	Shodensha
Evolutionary Computation	publisher	MIT Press
Journal of the European Economic Association	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Economic Association
Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead	publisher	National Lampoon
The House of Breath	publisher	Random House
Dead State	publisher	DoubleBear Productions
Peter Shilton's Handball Maradona	publisher	Grandslam Entertainment
Dungeon Defenders	publisher	Reverb Triple XP
Cutting for Stone	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Barrayar	publisher	Baen Books
Spider-Man: Toxic City	publisher	Marvel Comics
Final Fantasy IV: The Complete Collection	publisher	Square Enix
International Journal of Learning and Media	publisher	MIT Press
N.O.V.A. 2: The Hero Rises Again	publisher	Gameloft
Infinity Blade	publisher	Epic Games
The First Three Minutes	publisher	Basic Books
Bloodlines	publisher	Razorbill
Nosferatu	publisher	SETA Corporation
Around the World in 80 Days	publisher	Kosmos
Stone Age	publisher	Hans im Glück
Stone Age	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Stone Age	publisher	Κάισσα
Bulletin of the Council for Research in Music Education	publisher	University of Illinois Press on behalf of the Council for Research in Music Education
MLB 11: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Fresco	publisher	Queen Games
Louis XIV	publisher	Ravensburger
Louis XIV	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Bookbird: A Journal of International Children's Literature	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of the International Board on Books for Young People
History of Biology	publisher	Spongelab Interactive
Addiction Biology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Maigret and Monsieur Charles	publisher	Presses de la Cité
All the Devils Are Here	publisher	Portfolio/Penguin Press
Silva Saga II: The Legend of Light and Darkness	publisher	SETA
MicroBot	publisher	Electronic Arts
Outland	publisher	Ubisoft
Kokurikozaka kara	publisher	Kodansha
Kokurikozaka kara	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
American Journal of Clinical Oncology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
American Journal of Clinical Oncology	publisher	Masson
Mississippi Queen	publisher	Goldsieber
Mississippi Queen	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Escape from Hell!	publisher	MonkeyBrain Books
The Minrothad Guilds	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Orcs of Thar	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Five Shires	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Republic of Darokin	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Golden Khan of Ethengar	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Tall Tales of the Wee Folk	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Top Ballista	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Applied Physiology, Nutrition, and Metabolism	publisher	NRC Research Press
Botany	publisher	NRC Research Press
Doctor Lautrec and the Forgotten Knights	publisher	Konami
Neuromuscular Disorders	publisher	Elsevier
Canadian Geotechnical Journal	publisher	NRC Research Press
Gilded Latten Bones	publisher	ROC
Neuropsychologia	publisher	Elsevier
Neuropsychobiology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Psychosomatics	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine
Doritos Crash Course	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Experimental Neurology	publisher	Elsevier
Canadian Journal of Civil Engineering	publisher	NRC Research Press
Unscientific America	publisher	Basic Books
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal	publisher	Shueisha
ICSID Review	publisher	Oxford University Press
Battle Soccer: Field no Hasha	publisher	Banpresto
Battle Soccer 2	publisher	Banpresto
The Wallace Stevens Journal	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Victorian Periodicals Review	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Battle Submarine	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Second Skin	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Baseball Fever	publisher	William Morrow and Company
GeGeGe no Nyōbō	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
Dracula 4: The Shadow of the Dragon	publisher	Microïds
Narrative Inquiry in Bioethics	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of the Foundation for Narrative Inquiry in Bioethics
The American Journal of Economics and Sociology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Good Society	publisher	Penn State University Press
Campaign Sourcebook and Catacomb Guide	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Smile	publisher	Scholastic/Graphix
Journal of Medieval Religious Cultures	publisher	Penn State University Press
Journal of Modern Periodical Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
The Journal of Nietzsche Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
Journal of Speculative Philosophy	publisher	Penn State University Press
JGE: The Journal of General Education	publisher	Penn State University Press
Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung	publisher	Anchor Press
Pennsylvania History: A Journal of Mid-Atlantic Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
Philosophy & Rhetoric	publisher	Penn State University Press
European Journal of English Studies	publisher	Routledge
Revenge of the Titans	publisher	Puppy Games
Nordic Journal of Linguistics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
SHAW: The Annual of Bernard Shaw Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
Transportation Journal	publisher	Penn State University Press
Utopian Studies	publisher	Penn State University Press
Heliopolis	publisher	Harvill Press
Gangstar: Miami Vindication	publisher	Gameloft
Lost Ships	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Time of the Dragon	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Internet and Technology Law Desk Reference	publisher	Aspen Publishers
Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl	publisher	Michael Joseph; Penguin Books
Roald Dahl's Book of Ghost Stories	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ah, Sweet Mystery of Life: The Country Stories of Roald Dahl	publisher	Michael Joseph
Hanasaku Iroha	publisher	Square Enix
Hanasaku Iroha	publisher	Bandai Visual
Hollow World Campaign Set	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Horde	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Sea People	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Shadow Elves	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Mathematical Notes	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Infamous	publisher	DC Comics
The Roald Dahl Omnibus	publisher	Dorset Press
The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl	publisher	Michael Joseph
Infamous	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Phlebology	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Royal Society of Medicine
Chuang Tse and the First Emperor	publisher	Alacran
Luv Ya Bunches	publisher	Amulet Books
Exodus	publisher	Baen Books
Hit and Run	publisher	Laurel-Leaf Books
Dacia	publisher	The University Press
Return to the Lost Planet	publisher	Burke Publishing Co.
Tsuppari Ōzumō: Risshin Shusse Hen	publisher	Tecmo
Waka Taka Ōzumō: Brothers Dream Match	publisher	Imagineer
Ōzumō Spirit	publisher	Takara
Super Ōzumō: Netsusen Daiichiban	publisher	Namcot
Journal of Memory and Language	publisher	Elsevier
The Lifecycle of Software Objects	publisher	Subterranean Press
Functions of Language	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Everlost	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Onizuka Katsuya Super Virtual Boxing	publisher	SOFEL
Oumagadoki Zoo	publisher	Shueisha
Dungeons & Dragons: Daggerdale	publisher	Atari
Waku Waku Ski Wonder Spur	publisher	Human Entertainment
Tsuppari Ōzumō	publisher	Tecmo
Journal of Phonetics	publisher	Elsevier
El Consejo de los Dioses	publisher	Liceo Artistico Literario de Manila
Doctor Who: The Mazes of Time	publisher	BBC Worldwide
We Farm	publisher	Ngmoco
Journal of Sociolinguistics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Daniel	publisher	Random House
The Dictator's Moustaches	publisher	Mursia
Plant Ecology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Foundations of the Stereoscopic Cinema	publisher	Van Nostrand Reinhold
QWOP	publisher	Foddy.net
QWOP	publisher	Noodlecake Studios
Otoboke Ninja Colosseum	publisher	Intec, Inc.
Neurogenetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Brain Research Bulletin	publisher	Elsevier
Code Noir	publisher	Orbit Books
Crash Deluxe	publisher	Orbit Books
Applied Linguistics	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Denationalization of Money	publisher	Institute of Economic Affairs
Formula 1	publisher	Brio
Formula 1	publisher	Miro Company
Formula 1	publisher	Parker Brothers
Formula 1	publisher	Smeets & Schippers
Formula 1	publisher	Waddingtons
Guantanamo: My Journey	publisher	Random House
Acta Linguistica Hungarica	publisher	Akadémiai Kiadó
Lexikos	publisher	Bureau of the WAT
Codex	publisher	Harcourt Books
Codex	publisher	Arrow Books
International Journal of Lexicography	publisher	Oxford University Press
Orion in the Dying Time	publisher	Tor Books
The Forgotten Army	publisher	BBC Books
Second Language Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Chinese Linguistics	publisher	The Chinese University Press
Tsuyoshi Shikkari Shinasai: Taisen Puzzle-dama	publisher	Konami
Shōnen Star	publisher	Elex Media Komputindo
At Close Quarters	publisher	Arcadia Books
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 13	publisher	Baen Books
Full House Poker	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year 15	publisher	Tor Books
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction and Fantasy of the Year 16	publisher	Tor Books
The Fifth Witness	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Universe 1	publisher	Ace Books
Pakistan Today	publisher	Arif Nizami
Hanalala	publisher	Elex Media Komputindo
American Journal of Trial Advocacy	publisher	Cumberland School of Law
Slights	publisher	HarperCollins / Angry Robot
Galactic Warriors	publisher	Konami
Universe 2	publisher	Ace Books
Ummachu	publisher	DC Books
Habibi	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Empathic Civilization	publisher	Jeremy P. Tarcher Inc.
Beyond the Crash	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Witch & Wizard: The Gift	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Riding the Rap	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Lampshade: A Holocaust Detective Story from Buchenwald to New Orleans	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Griftopia	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Kryptonite	publisher	DC Comics
White Sister	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Language in Society	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Security: A New Framework for Analysis	publisher	Lynne Rienner Publishers Inc
On Disobedience and Other Essays	publisher	Harper & Row
Mississippi Quarterly	publisher	Mississippi State University
Hero of Sparta II	publisher	Gameloft
The Mind Readers	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 3D	publisher	Konami
Worms: Battle Islands	publisher	PlayStation Portable
Worms: Battle Islands	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Worms: Battle Islands	publisher	Wii
Worms: Battle Islands	publisher	THQ
An Album of Fluid Motion	publisher	The Parabolic Press
Overwinter	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Environmental Monitoring and Assessment	publisher	Springer
Medieval Games	publisher	Vir2L Studios
Sapphique	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Sapphique	publisher	Dial Books
Nedjeljni Jutarnji	publisher	Europapress Holding
Hush	publisher	Walker Books for Young Readers
Hungry Ghosts: Mao's Secret Famine	publisher	--04-15
Monster Hunter Diary: Poka Poka Airou Village	publisher	Capcom
Mage: The Sorcerer's Crusade	publisher	White Wolf, Inc.
Jack Adrift: Fourth Grade Without a Clue	publisher	Square Fish
The Keepers of Truth	publisher	Orion Books
Rugrats: I Gotta Go Party	publisher	THQ
The Entertainment Herald	publisher	Eduardo Montes-Bradley, Nelson Montes-Bradley
Fire and Sword	publisher	Hodder Headline
Capes, Cowls & Villains Foul	publisher	Spectrum Games
Respiratory Research	publisher	BioMed Central
Winter of Fire	publisher	Dutton Penguin
China Men	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ranch Rush	publisher	FreshGames
Vengeance of Orion	publisher	Tor Books
Madden NFL Football	publisher	EA Sports
The Fields of Death	publisher	Hodder Headline
Journal of the Canadian Society of Forensic Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Canadian Society of Forensic Science
Journal of the American Society of Questioned Document Examiners	publisher	American Society of Questioned Document Examiners
Schilder-boeck	publisher	First edition: Passchier Wesbusch, Haarlem\nSecond edition: Jacob Pietersz Wachter, Amsterdam
Physical Review A	publisher	American Physical Society
Canadian Journal of Physics	publisher	NRC Research Press
Maigret and the Dosser	publisher	Presses de la Cité
Decoding Reality	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Dream of the Celt	publisher	Alfaguara
The Dream of the Celt	publisher	Faber and Faber  and Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Best Mysteries of Isaac Asimov	publisher	Doubleday
The Disappearing Man and Other Mysteries	publisher	Walker & Company
The Key Word and Other Mysteries	publisher	Walker & Company
Journal of Second Language Writing	publisher	Elsevier
Mistaken	publisher	John Murray
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12	publisher	EA Sports
Ridge Racer 3D	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
UDraw Studio	publisher	THQ
Nucleosides, Nucleotides & Nucleic Acids	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Pocket God	publisher	Ape Entertainment
The Journal of Peasant Studies	publisher	Routledge
Art Academy	publisher	Nintendo
Dream Eater Merry	publisher	Houbunsha
Toward a Feminist Theory of the State	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Curious George Gets a Medal	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
No Boats on Bannermere	publisher	Heinemann
Criminal Minds	publisher	Legacy Interactive
Up to Now	publisher	Oxford University Press
Mathematics Made Difficult	publisher	World Publishing
Naniwa Kin'yūdō	publisher	Kodansha
Champions of Valor	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Champions of Ruin	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Enemies and Allies	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Unapproachable East	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Hybrid	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Hero Builder's Guidebook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Battle Hymn of China	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Battle Hymn of China	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Age of Empire: 1875–1914	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
CSI: Crime City	publisher	Ubisoft
Only Words	publisher	Harvard University Press
Turning Thirty	publisher	Flame
Aligarh Institute Gazette	publisher	Syed Ahmed Khan
Gnomes	publisher	Van Holkema & Warendorf
Tehzeeb-ul-Akhlaq	publisher	Syed Ahmed Khan
Bombastic	publisher	Capcom
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Shadow Wars	publisher	Ubisoft
Friendly Fire: The Illusion of Justice	publisher	The Spartan Associates
Widowmaker	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fire: From a Journal of Love	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
Grass	publisher	Doubleday
Dark Avenues	publisher	Novaya Zemlya, New York
The Mousehole Cat	publisher	Walker Books Ltd
The Apocalypse Troll	publisher	Baen Books
Análisis Filosófico	publisher	Argentine Society of Analytic Philosophy
Over the Hedge: Hammy Goes Nuts!	publisher	Activision
Now I Know	publisher	Bodley Head
The Toll Bridge	publisher	Bodley Head
Sapphira and the Slave Girl	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Player One	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Languages in Contrast	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Aconcagua	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
MotionSports	publisher	Ubisoft
The German Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Teachers of German
The European Legacy	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Day Watch	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
NHL 5-On-5 2006	publisher	THQ Wireless
Fairy Tale	publisher	Z-Man Games
Treasure Islands: Tax Havens and the Men who Stole the World	publisher	Bodley Head
The History of White People	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
International Semantic Web Conference	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Subarashiki Hibi	publisher	KeroQ
Child Nursing	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of PeriAnesthesia Nursing	publisher	Elsevier
Western Journal of Nursing Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Zeit²	publisher	Ubisoft
The European Journal of International Affairs	publisher	European Centre for International Affairs
Moon Over Manifest	publisher	Delacorte Press
Ship Breaker	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Metropolis Case	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Midnight, Mass.	publisher	Vertigo
Clinical Nurse Specialist	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Revista Brasileira de Psiquiatria	publisher	Brazilian Association of Psychiatry
Tale of the Tribe	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Coincidance: A Head Test	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Sex, Drugs and Magick	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Reality Is What You Can Get Away With	publisher	New Falcon Publications
TSOG: The Thing That Ate the Constitution	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Natural Law, or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy	publisher	Loompanics Unlimited
Everything Is Under Control: Conspiracies, Cults and Cover-ups	publisher	HarperCollins
Ishtar Rising	publisher	New Falcon Publications
Tsure ga Utsu ni Narimashite	publisher	Gentosha
The Sex Magicians	publisher	Sheffield House
Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother	publisher	Penguin Group
Why We Get Fat	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Cardiovascular Nursing	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Rodeo Murder	publisher	Viking Press
Saigon	publisher	Weidenfield & Nicholson
Real Analysis Exchange	publisher	Michigan State University Press
This Is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn	publisher	Bodley Head
The Investment Answer	publisher	Hachette Book Group
Journal of Germanic Linguistics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Acta Numerica	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Advances in Mathematics	publisher	Elsevier
And the Band Played On	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Chief Investment Officer Magazine	publisher	Asset International
Topology and its Applications	publisher	Elsevier
Critical Depth	publisher	GT Interactive
Interred with Their Bones	publisher	Plume
Interred with Their Bones	publisher	Sphere,
Eleven Blue Men	publisher	Boston : Little, Brown
Canaan's Oothoon	publisher	TAG Publishing LLC
The Legion	publisher	Headline
Praetorian	publisher	Headline
Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology	publisher	Elsevier
The Search for WondLa	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Last Empress: Madame Chiang Kai-shek and the Birth of Modern China	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Alice Lorraine	publisher	Sampson Low
Neon Tommy	publisher	USC Annenberg School for Communication
More Than Good Intentions	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Textbook of Biochemistry	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Ninja Hamster	publisher	CRL
Your Shape: Fitness Evolved	publisher	Ubisoft
Australian Journal of Linguistics	publisher	Routledge
Applied Psycholinguistics	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Throne of Fire	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Photodermatology, Photoimmunology and Photomedicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Lie Down with Lions	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
To the End of the Land	publisher	HaKibbutz HaMeuchad Publishing House, Ltd
J-League Jikkyō Winning Eleven 2001	publisher	Konami
Cities XL 2012	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Bahá'í News	publisher	National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States
Idrottsarvet	publisher	Sports Museum
Current HIV Research	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
The Film That Changed My Life	publisher	Chicago Review Press
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica	publisher	Institute of Paleobiology, Polish Academy of Sciences
Oxford Journal of Legal Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Deca Sports Extreme	publisher	Konami
Asphalt 3D	publisher	Ubisoft
Fantasy Life	publisher	Nintendo
Time Travelers	publisher	Level-5
The Homeless Student	publisher	Wani Books
Frog and Toad Together	publisher	Harper & Row
The Daily	publisher	Greg Clayman
Advances in Applied Mathematics	publisher	Elsevier
Flora Neotropica	publisher	New York Botanical Garden
Five Stories	publisher	Vintage Books
Australian Economic History Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic History Society of Australia and New Zealand
The Twenty-Four-Inch Home Run	publisher	Contemporary Books
Dining Bar Akira	publisher	Tokyomangasha
The Sky Over My Spectacles	publisher	Libre Publishing
MAbs	publisher	Landes Bioscience
Deryni Adventure Game	publisher	Grey Ghost Games
Jake's Long Shadow	publisher	Vintage Press, New Zealand
Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee	publisher	Volk & Welt
I Am a Hero	publisher	Shogakukan
F1 2011	publisher	Codemasters
The Old Beauty and Others	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Language and Linguistics Compass	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Insufferable Gaucho	publisher	Anagrama
The Insufferable Gaucho	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Hungry Hearts	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Return	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Carte Blanche	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
CERN Courier	publisher	IOP Publishing
7 Billion Needles	publisher	Media Factory
Alice the 101st	publisher	Shinshokan
Happy Face	publisher	Cool Genius Publications
Final Fantasy XIII-2	publisher	Square Enix
The Life and Times of Savior 28	publisher	IDW Publishing
Breaktime	publisher	Bodley Head
Saving Max	publisher	Mira Books
Fine Prey	publisher	Roc Books
Evolution's Darling	publisher	Running Press
The Killing of Worlds	publisher	Macmillan Books
Top Darts	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
New Turkish Cinema	publisher	I.B. Tauris
Annual Review of Marine Science	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering	publisher	Annual Reviews
Annual Review of Condensed Matter Physics	publisher	Annual Reviews
The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie	publisher	Dell Publishing
Ze	publisher	Shinshokan
They Fight Like Soldiers, They Die Like Children	publisher	Random House: Hutchinson, Cornerstone. Bloomsbury Publishing: Walker & Company
The Hidden Reality	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Lego Battles: Ninjago	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Andromeda Stories	publisher	Kodansha
Andromeda Stories	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Pretty Rhythm	publisher	Shueisha
Pretty Rhythm	publisher	Shogakukan
Dexter's Laboratory: Robot Rampage	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Plugged	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Diva Starz: Mall Mania	publisher	Vivendi Games
We Still Hold These Truths	publisher	Intercollegiate Studies Institute
We Still Hold These Truths	publisher	Virtualbookworm.com Publishing Inc.
Antwerp	publisher	Anagrama
Antwerp	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Rough Racer	publisher	Sega
Fortid	publisher	University of Oslo, Institute of archaeology, conservation and history
Laboratory Investigation	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
City University of Hong Kong Law Review	publisher	City University of Hong Kong School of Law
Langenbeck's Archives of Surgery	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Brand Trust Report	publisher	Trust Research Advisory
The Knockout Makers	publisher	Akita Shoten
Enigma	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Contemporary Asia	publisher	Routledge
O: A Presidential Novel	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Cornell Journal of Architecture	publisher	Cornell University
Cretaceous Research	publisher	Elsevier
The Lost Gate	publisher	Tor Books
This Horrid Practice	publisher	Penguin NZ
Drug Research	publisher	Thieme Medical Publishers
Physikalische Zeitschrift	publisher	S. Hirzel Verlag
The Young Lions	publisher	Random House
Journal of the Operational Research Society	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Bulletin of the Astronomical Society of India	publisher	Astronomical Society of India
Feminism Unmodified	publisher	Harvard University Press
Kidz Sports	publisher	Bold Games
Kidz Sports	publisher	Data Design Interactive
Beyond the First Amendment	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Dacia	publisher	Vasile Pârvan Institute of Archaeology
The Encyclopedia of Punk	publisher	Greenwood Press
Journal of Applied Physiology	publisher	American Physiological Society
Sex on the Moon	publisher	Doubleday
Pakistan Chronicle	publisher	Virsa
Pakistan Chronicle	publisher	Fazli Sons
The Last Voyage	publisher	BBC Audio
Dead Air	publisher	BBC Audio
The Concubine	publisher	Heinemann African Writers Series
Men, Women, and Chainsaws	publisher	Princeton University Press
Super Monkey Ball 3D	publisher	Sega
Hawkeye: Blindspot	publisher	Marvel Comics
Charlie Johnson in the Flames	publisher	Grove Press
Popeye: Rush for Spinach	publisher	King Features Entertainment
Sacred Country	publisher	Sinclair Stevenson
Sacred Country	publisher	Scribner
Angel's Friends	publisher	Play Press
Weaving the Web	publisher	Harper
Crimzon Clover	publisher	Yotsubane, Degica
Theory of War	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Theory of War	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bright's Passage	publisher	Dial Press
James Noir's Hollywood Crimes	publisher	Ubisoft
MX vs. ATV Alive	publisher	THQ
What Engineers Know and How They Know It	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Bastion	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Battle Jockey	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Information Systems Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Applied Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Riotous Assembly	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Freedom of Expression	publisher	Doubleday
Monster Tale	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Escape from Memory	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Red Poppies on Monte Cassino	publisher	LTW, Lomianki
Giggle Comics	publisher	Creston Publications
Giggle Comics	publisher	American Comics Group
Nouvelles de l'estampe	publisher	Comité national de la gravure française, supported by Bibliothèque nationale de France
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Acta Applicandae Mathematicae	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Acta Mathematica Hungarica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Acta Mathematica Sinica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Back to the Future	publisher	LJN
Washington's War	publisher	GMT Games
Ministry of War	publisher	Snail Games USA
Back to the Future	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
Not a Box	publisher	HarperCollins
Catalysis Science & Technology	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Queueing Systems	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Olympic Decathlon	publisher	Microsoft
Bruce Jenner's World Class Decathlon	publisher	Dallas Multimedia
The Modern Language Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Federation of Modern Language Teachers Associations
Antiquitas Lost	publisher	Medlock Publishing
Skippy Dies	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Diner Dash 5: BOOM!	publisher	PlayFirst
Diner Dash 5: BOOM!	publisher	KatGames
Diner Dash 5: BOOM!	publisher	Big Splash Games LLC
Reich	publisher	UTV Ignition Entertainment
The Parliament Magazine	publisher	Dods
Health Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Archive for Mathematical Logic	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Turkish Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey
Mount & Blade: With Fire & Sword	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Mount & Blade: With Fire & Sword	publisher	1
Hiyokoi	publisher	Shueisha
Rocky Mountain Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Rocky Mountain Mathematics Consortium
Sweeping Up Glass	publisher	Delta Trade
Net.wars	publisher	NYU Press
Zahra's Paradise	publisher	ZahrasParadise.com
Zahra's Paradise	publisher	First Second Books
Journal of Management Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Jenny of the Prairie	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Feminist Economics	publisher	Routledge
Swarm	publisher	UTV Ignition Entertainment
Luxor 5th Passage	publisher	MumboJumbo
Jurassic Park: The Game	publisher	Telltale Games
Game Party: In Motion	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive
Fantasy Freaks and Gaming Geeks	publisher	Lyons Press
Groups, Geometry, and Dynamics	publisher	European Mathematical Society
Homology, Homotopy and Applications	publisher	International Press
Israel Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Political Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Political Studies Association
Il Devoto–Oli	publisher	Le Monnier
Lurulu	publisher	Tor Books
AIKA Online	publisher	HanbitSoft
AIKA Online	publisher	T3 Fun
AIKA Online	publisher	Ongame
Night Lamp	publisher	Underwood–Miller
Night Lamp	publisher	Tor books
The Best American Magazine Writing 2007	publisher	Columbia University Press
Dreamcast Collection	publisher	Sega
Interlok	publisher	Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka
Bubble Ball	publisher	NAY GAMES
ECONned	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Numerische Mathematik	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Advances in Geometry	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics	publisher	Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Operations Research	publisher	INFORMS
Chinese Annals of Mathematics, Series B	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Differential Equations	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Astérisque	publisher	Société Mathématique de France
The Tables of the Law	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bulletin de la Société Mathématique de France	publisher	Société Mathématique de France
A Diamond Guitar	publisher	Hearst Corporation
The Big Question	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of the European Mathematical Society	publisher	European Mathematical Society
MYTHOI	publisher	Semantink Publishing
Journal of Mathematical Biology	publisher	Springer Verlag
Beautiful Assassin	publisher	William Morrow
Cardfight!! Vanguard	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
International Journal of Tourism Sciences	publisher	Tourism Sciences Society of Korea
The Survivor	publisher	New English Library
Chemmeen	publisher	National Book Stall, D. C. Books
Binary Domain	publisher	Sega
Moshidora	publisher	Shueisha
Enemies & Allies	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Rising	publisher	Baen Books
The Independent Command	publisher	Baen Books
The Privateer	publisher	Baen Books
Flashpoint	publisher	DC Comics
The Idolmaster 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Novosti	publisher	Serb National Council
Nearer the Moon	publisher	Harcourt Trade Publishers
War Diary	publisher	Orange Soft
War Diary	publisher	The Game Factory Digital Entertainment Studio
War Diary	publisher	CDV Software
Summer Sports: Paradise Island	publisher	Destineer
No Fate! Only the Power of Will	publisher	Alchemist
Millroy the Magician	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Millroy the Magician	publisher	Random House
Ergodic Theory and Dynamical Systems	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Statistics in Medicine	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
What Technology Wants	publisher	Viking Press
Journal of Animal Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society
Bomber Man World	publisher	Irem
The Journal of Chemical Thermodynamics	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Applied Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society
Corpsing	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Mystery of a Hansom Cab	publisher	Fergus Hume
Dark Souls	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Women, Fire, and Dangerous Things	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Lilpri	publisher	Shogakukan
Journal of Simulation	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Cultural Sociology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Call of Duty: Zombies	publisher	Activision
The Dreamseller	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Baltic 1985: Corridor to Berlin	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
X-Man	publisher	Universal Gamex
Monsters and Other Childish Things	publisher	Arc Dream Publishing
The Barbie Murders	publisher	Penny Publications
Dandelion Fire	publisher	Random House
The Chestnut King	publisher	Random House
F-1 Pilot	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Gaza in Crisis	publisher	Haymarket Books
Cities in Motion	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Three Seconds	publisher	Piratförlaget
World Made By Hand	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Bring Home the Revolution	publisher	Fourth Estate
To Save America	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Anarchy Reigns	publisher	Sega
Advances in Difference Equations	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics	publisher	International Press
Fontamara	publisher	Oprecht & Hebling
Martian Summer	publisher	Pegasus Books
The Compendium of American Genealogy	publisher	A.N. Marquis and Company
Okusama wa 18-sai	publisher	Shueisha
Ridge Racer Unbounded	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Plants vs. Zombies	publisher	PopCap Games
Mormon Studies Review	publisher	Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship
Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	publisher	Bookdealer P. G. Philipsen
AStA Advances in Statistical Analysis	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Conan the Valiant	publisher	Tor Books
Family Card Games	publisher	Aksys Games
The Sun, the Genome and the Internet	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	HarperCollins
Chanticleer and the Fox	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Ordeal	publisher	Kensington Books
Conan the Savage	publisher	Tor Books
Baku	publisher	Shinshokan
Chanakya's Chant	publisher	Westland Ltd.
Pippa Funnell: Take the Reins	publisher	Ubisoft
The Last Dragonslayer	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
International Abstracts in Operations Research	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
ChemistryViews	publisher	www.wiley-vch.de
The Forgotten Garden	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Patient Zero: A Joe Ledger Novel	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Geeks Bearing Gifts	publisher	Mindful Press, Sausalito, California
Issues in Science and Technology	publisher	University of Texas at Dallas
Memory	publisher	Baen Books
OR Insight	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Mental Health, Religion & Culture	publisher	Routledge
Real Racing 2	publisher	Firemonkeys Studios
The Lost Planet	publisher	Burke Publishing Co.
We Sing Down Under	publisher	Nordic Games
We Sing Deutsche Hits	publisher	Nordic Games
Lord of Souls	publisher	Del Rey Books
Madden NFL 12	publisher	EA Sports
Hrvatski vojnik	publisher	Ministry of Defence
Dream Club Zero	publisher	D3 Publisher
Let's Take the Long Way Home	publisher	Random House
DC Universe Online: Legends	publisher	DC Comics
Pac-Man & Galaga Dimensions	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
WikiLeaks: Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy	publisher	Guardian Books
New Astronomy	publisher	Elsevier
Star Wars: Knight Errant	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Two Centuries of Silence	publisher	Amirkabir Pub., Tehran
Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Little Battlers Experience	publisher	Shogakukan
Tom Clancy's EndWar: The Hunted	publisher	Berkley Books
Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Undercover Cops: Hakaishin Garumaa	publisher	Irem
Talking Man	publisher	Arbor House
Talking Man	publisher	Avon Books
Death	publisher	Parishan
Le lieutenant de Kouta	publisher	Hatier
New York Courier and Enquirer	publisher	James Watson Webb
Abel Sánchez: The History of a Passion	publisher	Renacimiento
Dragon Age: The Calling	publisher	Tor Books
Bust-a-Move Universe	publisher	Square Enix
Notes	publisher	Music Library Association
News	publisher	Library of Congress
News	publisher	National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped
The Lad and the Lion	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
When Pele Broke Our Hearts	publisher	St David's Press
When Pele Broke Our Hearts	publisher	Cardiff
Fishery Bulletin	publisher	National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Sherlock Holmes: The Unauthorized Biography	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Super Sad True Love Story	publisher	Random House
Heroes in Hell	publisher	Baen Books
The Final Battle	publisher	Ace Books
Algebraic & Geometric Topology	publisher	Mathematical Sciences Publishers
Acta Mathematicae Applicatae Sinica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Short History of the World	publisher	The Bodley Head and Penguin Books
Rock of Ages	publisher	Atlus
Kamen Tantei	publisher	Akita Shoten
Behavioral and Social Sciences Librarian	publisher	Routledge
Explanatory Dictionary of the Living Great Russian Language	publisher	M. O. Wolf
WesternEye	publisher	University of the West of England's Students' Union
Reference and User Services Quarterly	publisher	American Library Association
International Conference on Nitride Semiconductors	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
International Conference on Nitride Semiconductors	publisher	Physica Status Solidi
Dictionary of the Russian Language	publisher	M. O. Wolf
Wonderland Online	publisher	Internet Gaming Gate
Haywire	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Haywire	publisher	Vintage Books
Skylanders: Spyro's Adventure	publisher	Activision
The Raven in the Foregate	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Hermit of Eyton Forest	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
The Heretic's Apprentice	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
The Potter's Field	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
I Am Number Four	publisher	HarperCollins
Theory of Probability and Its Applications	publisher	Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Heaven's Memo Pad	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Cerebellum	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Snowpack Park	publisher	Nintendo
Christopher and His Kind	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance	publisher	W. W. Norton
Taiwanese Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Mathematical Society of the Republic of China
Journal of Comparative Economics	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Association for Comparative Economic Studies
Arkiv för Matematik	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Archiv der Mathematik	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Rendiconti del Seminario Matematico della Università di Padova	publisher	Seminario Matematico of the University of Padua
Monatshefte für Mathematik	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Probability Theory and Related Fields	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Sense of Where You Are	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Boy in the Oak	publisher	Simply Read Books
Body and Brain Connection	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Current Newspapers	publisher	Davis Kennedy
The Intimates	publisher	Wildstorm
High Adventure Role Playing	publisher	Iron Crown Enterprises
The Maze of Galious	publisher	Konami
Rock Band Reloaded	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rock Band Reloaded	publisher	MTV Games
A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Transfer Agreement	publisher	Dialog Press
Scorpia Rising	publisher	Walker Books
Hungry Heart: Wild Striker	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Decoration of Houses	publisher	B. T. Batsford
Silicon Dreams	publisher	Firebird - United States
Silicon Dreams	publisher	Rainbird - Europe
Star Trek: Starfleet Command: Orion Pirates	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Rizelmine	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mission: Impossible	publisher	Ultra Games
Nyaruko: Crawling with Love	publisher	SB Creative
Nyaruko: Crawling with Love	publisher	Shueisha
Nyaruko: Crawling with Love	publisher	Flex Comix
Red Dwarf: Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers	publisher	Penguin Books
The Autobiography of a Flea	publisher	Edward Avery
The Holcad	publisher	West Penn Printing
Darkstalkers Chronicle: The Chaos Tower	publisher	Capcom
PangYa	publisher	Current
PangYa	publisher	SmileGate Europe
PangYa	publisher	Gamepot Inc.
PangYa	publisher	Smilegate Megaport, NHN Corp
PangYa	publisher	Ini3 Digital \nFormer
PangYa	publisher	MAYN Interactive
PangYa	publisher	SG Interactive
PangYa	publisher	UNO Games
PangYa	publisher	Galaxy Games
PangYa	publisher	Ntreev USA
PangYa	publisher	HanbitSoft
PangYa	publisher	Asiasoft Online
PangYa	publisher	GameFactory Inc.
PangYa	publisher	Level up! Games Philippines
PangYa	publisher	GOA Europe
PangYa	publisher	OGPlanet
City of Djinns	publisher	Penguin Books.
Capcom Fighting Evolution	publisher	Capcom
Wild Arms	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ani-Mayhem	publisher	Upper Deck
American Jihad	publisher	Simon and Schuster
North American Review	publisher	University of Northern Iowa
Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Shadow of Death	publisher	The 3DO Company
The Twisted Tales of Spike McFang	publisher	Kaga Create
Tomb Raider II	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Tomb Raider II	publisher	Aspyr
Mystery of the Whale Tattoo	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 2: Bush Rescue	publisher	Electronic Arts
Playboy Special Edition	publisher	Playboy Publishing
House of Stairs	publisher	E.P. Dutton , Puffin , Firebird/Penguin
The Queen's Journal	publisher	Alma Mater Society of Queen's University
Rainbow Parakeet	publisher	Akita Shoten
King's Quest: Mask of Eternity	publisher	Sierra Studios
Maîtresse Françoise	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Sea Came in at Midnight	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix	publisher	Capcom
The Dresden Files	publisher	Roc Books
The Dresden Files	publisher	Dabel Brothers
The Dresden Files	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
The Brooklyn Follies	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
The Anatomy of Revolution	publisher	Vintage
Animaniacs: Lights, Camera, Action!	publisher	Ignition Entertainment
The Sleeze Brothers	publisher	Epic Comics
BreakQuest	publisher	Stardock
BreakQuest	publisher	Nurium Games
BreakQuest	publisher	Red Marble Games
BreakQuest	publisher	Beatshapers
Screen	publisher	Oxford University Press
Cossacks II: Napoleonic Wars	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment
Soul Catcher	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Immortal Rain	publisher	Shinshokan
The Dukes of Hazzard: Return of the General Lee	publisher	Ubisoft
International Mathematics Research Notices	publisher	Oxford University Press
Semigroup Forum	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Workshop on Nitride Semiconductors	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
International Workshop on Nitride Semiconductors	publisher	Physica Status Solidi
Britons: Forging the Nation 1707–1837	publisher	Yale University Press
Aldiborontiphoskyphorniostikos	publisher	Dean and Munday, Threadneedle Street
Aldiborontiphoskyphorniostikos	publisher	A. K. Newman and Co., Leadenhall Street
Pink	publisher	Nan A. Talese
The Scheme for Full Employment	publisher	Flamingo
We Can Have Peace in the Holy Land	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Six Walks in the Fictional Woods	publisher	Harvard University Press
F-Zero: GP Legend	publisher	Nintendo
Super Contra	publisher	Konami
Contra III: The Alien Wars	publisher	Konami
The Dogs of Riga	publisher	Ordfront
Star Wars Jedi Knight: Mysteries of the Sith	publisher	LucasArts
Chronicles: Volume One	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Once More* with Footnotes	publisher	NESFA Press
Dungeons & Dragons Miniatures Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Gish	publisher	Chronic Logic
Glove on Fight	publisher	French-Bread
Banjo-Pilot	publisher	THQ
Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco	publisher	Harper & Row
The Timeless Way of Building	publisher	Oxford University Press
You Don't Know Jack	publisher	THQ
The Feynman Lectures on Physics	publisher	Addison–Wesley
Castlevania	publisher	Konami
Just for Fun	publisher	HarperBusiness
Mega Man 7	publisher	Capcom
Lady Bug	publisher	Universal Entertainment Corporation
Lady Bug	publisher	Taito
The Incomplete Enchanter	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Marble Blast Gold	publisher	Monster Studios
Rayman 2: The Great Escape	publisher	Ubi Soft
Acme Animation Factory	publisher	Sunsoft
R-T, Margaret, and the Rats of NIMH	publisher	Harper & Row
Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VII	publisher	Square Enix
This Immortal	publisher	Mercury Press
This Immortal	publisher	Ace Books
Tunnel Rats	publisher	Boll AG
The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Kino's Journey	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Yars' Revenge	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Weiß Kreuz	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Weiß Kreuz	publisher	Shinshokan
Weiß Kreuz	publisher	Ichijinsha
Dictionary of the Khazars	publisher	Prosveta
The Mother Tongue	publisher	William Morrow & Company, Inc.
The Rise of Endymion	publisher	Bantam Books
AFL	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us	publisher	Riverhead Hardcover
Official History of Australian Peacekeeping, Humanitarian and Post-Cold War Operations	publisher	Cambridge University Press
A Game of Thrones: Genesis	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Mistress Fortune	publisher	Shueisha
Never Mind the Balkans, Here's Romania	publisher	Mike Ormsby/Amazon
Aunt Louisa's Oft Told Tales	publisher	McLoughlin Brothers
Roar News	publisher	Mortons Print
Another	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Diary of a Pilgrimage	publisher	J. W. Arrowsmith
Diary of a Pilgrimage	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Patriotic Gore	publisher	Oxford University Press
Empire of Dirt	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
The Gods Are Not to Blame	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Gods Are Not to Blame	publisher	Oxford
Gal*Gun	publisher	Alchemist
Kaijū-ō Godzilla	publisher	Bandai
The European Union as a Small Power	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
From Dictatorship to Democracy	publisher	Albert Einstein Institution
The Soldier's Song	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
To Die in Mexico	publisher	City Lights Books
Teoría de Precios: Porqué está mal la Economía	publisher	Cambridge Brickhouse Inc.
Ullward's Retreat	publisher	Galaxy
Ukraine: A History	publisher	University of Toronto Press
Buried Thunder	publisher	Oxford University Press
Chemical Science	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Combat of Giants: Dinosaurs 3D	publisher	Ubisoft
The Family Arsenal	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Znamya	publisher	Pavel Krushevan
The Tea Party Goes to Washington	publisher	Center Street
Aura-Aura Climber	publisher	Nintendo
Faking It: The Quest for Authenticity in Popular Music	publisher	Faber and Faber
Faking It: The Quest for Authenticity in Popular Music	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta	publisher	W.R. Cooke and Company
The Village of Waiting	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Toyota Kata	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Kamisama Dolls	publisher	Shogakukan
XRDS	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Applied Radiation and Isotopes	publisher	Elsevier
Ang mga Kaibigan ni Mama Susan	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Vendetta	publisher	Pocket Books
Hotarubi no Mori e	publisher	Hakusensha
International Journal of Management Reviews	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Leopard	publisher	Aschehoug
The Leopard	publisher	Harvill Secker
The Last Sherlock Holmes Story	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Masterblazer	publisher	LucasArts
The Country Blues	publisher	Rinehart & Company
The Strange Case of Mrs. Hudson's Cat	publisher	Addison–Wesley
Four-Eyed Prince	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of the Kansas Entomological Society	publisher	Kansas Entomological Society
Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science	publisher	Kansas Academy of Science
While Europe Slept	publisher	Doubleday
Die Bahnwelt	publisher	Glodia
Black Ice	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Borrowers Avenged	publisher	*
The Borrowers Avenged	publisher	Viking Kestrel
The Borrowers Avenged	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Ultimate Comics: Thor	publisher	Marvel Comics
Dance Dance Revolution Freedom	publisher	Konami
Réalités	publisher	Taïeb Zahar
Our Last Best Chance	publisher	Viking Adult
30-sai no Hoken Taiiku	publisher	Ichijinsha
Dog Days	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
International Short Stories	publisher	Peter Fenelon Collier
Dark Places	publisher	Shaye Areheart Books
Lotte no Omocha!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
University of San Francisco Maritime Law Journal	publisher	University of San Francisco School of Law
Sesame Street: Once Upon a Monster	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Railways Illustrated	publisher	Key Publishing
Crush the Castle	publisher	Armor Games
Kiko World Football	publisher	Ubisoft
Fredy Neptune	publisher	Duffy & Snellgrove
Seara	publisher	Alexandru Bogdan-Pitești
Happy Kappy	publisher	Shogakukan
Tiger & Bunny	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Kat's Run: Zen-Nippon K Car Senshuken	publisher	Atlus
Cartoon Network: Punch Time Explosion	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Cartoon Network: Punch Time Explosion	publisher	Deep Silver
Davy and the Goblin	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Admiral's Caravan	publisher	The Century Co.
Systematic Entomology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Entomological Society of London
Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day	publisher	Media Factory
Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day	publisher	Shueisha
Critical Reviews in Immunology	publisher	Begell House
The Tell-Tale Brain	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice	publisher	Sampson Low, Marston, Searle, and Rivington, London
Journal for the Education of the Gifted	publisher	Sage Publications
The Black History of the White House	publisher	City Lights
Doctor Who: Worlds in Time	publisher	Sega
The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
Dust and Shadow	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac	publisher	Allison & Busby
Blue Remembered Earth	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Every Day Fiction	publisher	Every Day Publishing Ltd.
Dark Discoveries	publisher	Journalstone Publishing
Star Trek: 25th Anniversary	publisher	Ultra Games
Battlefield: Bad Company 2: Vietnam	publisher	Electronic Arts
Yakuman	publisher	Nintendo
Electrochimica Acta	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Power Sources	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Language Contact	publisher	Brill Publishers
Iran	publisher	British Institute of Persian Studies
Hoshi no Furumachi	publisher	Shogakukan
Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1844	publisher	Bookdealer P. G. Philipsen
August Heat	publisher	J. M. Dent
PhysChemComm	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Annals of Applied Probability	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Annales de la Société Entomologique de France	publisher	Société Entomologique de France
Double or Nothing	publisher	The Swallow Press, 1971. University of Alabama Press, 1998. Fiction Collective Two, 1999.
Physics of the Solid State	publisher	Pleiades Publishing and Springer
Physics and Chemistry of Liquids	publisher	Taylor & Francis
NEStalgia	publisher	Silk Games
5 Ronin	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ten Desires	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Crash 'n' Burn	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Quaternary International	publisher	Elsevier
Theory, Culture & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
A Postcognitive Negation	publisher	Atropos Press
Pretty Little Things	publisher	HarperCollins
Below the Root	publisher	Atheneum Publishers
And All Between	publisher	Atheneum Publishers
Until the Celebration	publisher	Atheneum Publishers
Famine 1975! America's Decision: Who Will Survive%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
CrossCurrents	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Association for Religion in Intellectual Life
Princess of the Midnight Ball	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
We Dare	publisher	Ubisoft
The Mammoth Book of Erotica	publisher	Robinson Publishing
The Mammoth Book of Erotica	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Calvin Tucker's Redneck Jamboree	publisher	IndiePub Entertainment
Darcy's Story	publisher	Copperfield Books
Daybreak Zero	publisher	Ace Hardcover
Ashes of Empire	publisher	Microprose
Metallomics	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Palpasa Cafe	publisher	Nepalaya
Fate of the World	publisher	Red Redemption Ltd
Fate of the World	publisher	Lace Mamba Global
China's Red Army Marches	publisher	Vanguard Press
South Atlantic Review	publisher	South Atlantic Modern Language Association
Mathematics and the Imagination	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tapper World Tour	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Sociological Perspectives	publisher	Sage for the Pacific Sociological Association
The Blue Economy	publisher	Paradigm Publications
Pir-e-Kamil	publisher	Ferozsons
Exotica	publisher	Serpent's Tail
63	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Porcupine	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Captain from Castile	publisher	Little, Brown
The Seer	publisher	Llewellyn Publications
To Die For	publisher	Random House Publishing
Super Mario 3D Land	publisher	Nintendo
Pym	publisher	Random House
Pym	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Methods in Ecology and Evolution	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society
Iron Brigade	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Iron Brigade	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Metro: Last Light	publisher	Deep Silver
The Gunstringer	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Rage of a Demon King	publisher	Harper Collins
Rage of a Demon King	publisher	Avon Books
At the Gates of Darkness	publisher	Harper Voyager
The Jurist: Studies in Church Law and Ministry	publisher	Catholic University of America Press
Gremlins	publisher	Atari
Dangerous Angels	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
A Girl Named Zippy	publisher	Broadway Books
Kabuki Rocks	publisher	Atlus
Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Statistical Association and the Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Anatomy of a Disappearance	publisher	Viking Press
Shards of a Broken Crown	publisher	Harper Collins
Love Sick	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Sribhargavaraghaviyam	publisher	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University
The Boys from St. Petri	publisher	Puffin Books
Ask Me No Questions	publisher	Atheneum Books
Crescendo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Lush: A Novel	publisher	Milkweed Editions
Journal of Elasticity	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Health and Interprofessional Practice	publisher	Pacific University
Racer Mini Yonku: Japan Cup	publisher	Konami
Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances	publisher	Speak: The Penguin Group
Journal of Hindu Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Gungnir	publisher	Atlus
How to Eat a Small Country	publisher	Clarkson Potter
The Darling Buds of May	publisher	Michael Joseph
Revista de la Asociación Geológica Argentina	publisher	Asociación Geológica Argentina
Scorpion and Felix	publisher	not published
Journal of Rheology	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Diabolical Pitch	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Return of the Jedi: Death Star Battle	publisher	Parker Brothers
Return of the Jedi: Death Star Battle	publisher	Sinclair Research
Exam Brief	publisher	Irish Independent
The Bushbabies	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Known and Unknown: A Memoir	publisher	Penguin Group
Saint Dragon	publisher	Jaleco
Saint Dragon	publisher	Storm Entertainment
Tiny Wings	publisher	Andreas Illiger
Jewelpet	publisher	Shogakukan
Jewelpet	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Nanny	publisher	Arrow Books Ltd.
The Savage Mind	publisher	Librairie Plon
Wintergirls	publisher	Viking
Mouse Practice	publisher	Apple Inc.
Privies of Wales	publisher	Tegai Publications
The Organization Man	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Killing of Tupac Shakur	publisher	Huntington Press
Uncharted: Golden Abyss	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics	publisher	Institute of Physics
Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics	publisher	International School for Advanced Studies
Bloodlands	publisher	Basic Books
The Eternal Husband	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Sarah Armstrong Mystery series	publisher	St. Martin's Minotaur
The Phantom of the Card Table	publisher	Gambler's Book Club
Ashtavakra	publisher	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University
The Fleet Street Murders	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
Take Back Plenty	publisher	Unwin Hyman
Date Warp	publisher	Hanako Games
The Snake's Skin	publisher	Diederich Verlag
Hellhole	publisher	Tor Books
The Walking Dead	publisher	Telltale Games
Whizzard!	publisher	HarperCollins
Bhrngadutam	publisher	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University
Power Eleven	publisher	Hudson Soft
Dungeons & Dragons Game	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Magic Encyclopedia	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dark Sun Boxed Set	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Night Howlers	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Ring of Solomon	publisher	Doubleday
White Knight Chronicles: Origins	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Steam-Driven Boy and other Strangers	publisher	Panther Books
Caucasia	publisher	Riverhead
The Review of Austrian Economics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Golden Voyages	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Champions of Mystara	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Castles Forlorn	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Encyclopedia Magica	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Moment of Eclipse	publisher	Faber and Faber
Stone Canoe	publisher	Syracuse University
Sacred 3	publisher	Deep Silver
Magic: The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Goals in the Air	publisher	Heinemann
Soccer Comes First	publisher	Heinemann
Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice	publisher	Drug Free America Foundation
Sidney Rigdon: A Portrait of Religious Excess	publisher	Signature Books
Al Joumhouria	publisher	Elias Murr
A Visit from the Goon Squad	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Only Time Will Tell	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Only Time Will Tell	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Hen Semi	publisher	Kodansha
The Tiger's Wife	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Tiger's Wife	publisher	Random House
Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves	publisher	Pan MacMillan
The Warmth of Other Suns	publisher	Random House
Journal of Experimental Nanoscience	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Tribes: Ascend	publisher	Hi-Rez Studios
Land of Fate	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Assassin Mountain	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Al-Qadim: Arabian Adventures	publisher	TSR, Inc.
A Dozen and One Adventures	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Sha'ir's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Thomas Ligotti Reader: Essays and Explorations	publisher	Wildside Press
The Manxman	publisher	Heinemann
Skull & Crossbones	publisher	Domark Software; Tengen
Logos Panic	publisher	Yutaka
Darkest Mercy	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of Harper Collins
Sedimentary Geology	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Chemical Crystallography	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Packing for Mars	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Bit.Trip Fate	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Fate	publisher	Gaijin Games
Bit.Trip Flux	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Flux	publisher	Gaijin Games
The Murder of Biggie Smalls	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Journal of Cluster Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Crystallography Reviews	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Liberalisme	publisher	Universitetsforlaget
United!	publisher	Methuen Publishing
On the Down Low	publisher	Broadway Books
Secrets of the Lamp	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Polymer Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Woods Runner	publisher	Wendy Lamb Books
Bits, Sticks, and Buttons.	publisher	Blurb.com
Grammata Serica Recensa	publisher	Museum of Far Eastern Antiquities, Stockholm
Time of Hope	publisher	Faber & Faber
World League Soccer 98	publisher	Eidos Interactive
World League Soccer 98	publisher	Sega
Sexy Beach Zero	publisher	Illusion Soft
Postgraduate Medicine	publisher	Informa Healthcare
The Physician and Sportsmedicine	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Hospital Practice	publisher	Informa Healthcare
Serious Sam 3: BFE	publisher	Devolver Digital
The Mark of the Horse Lord	publisher	OUP
The Need for Roots	publisher	Routledge
Sword of the Stars II: Lords of Winter	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Transformers: Dark of the Moon	publisher	Activision
Transformers Universe	publisher	Jagex
South Australian Ornithologist	publisher	South Australian Ornithological Association
Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime	publisher	Atari
The Cult	publisher	[Mayflower publishing]
Thunderstone	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group
Fairy Navigator Runa	publisher	Kodansha
Archives of Virology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Warp	publisher	EA Partners
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP	publisher	Capybara Games
The Sun Saboteurs	publisher	Ace Books
Orcs Must Die!	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Neonomicon	publisher	Avatar Press
Telopea	publisher	National Herbarium of New South Wales, Royal Botanic Gardens & Domain Trust
The Belton Estate	publisher	Fortnightly Review
The Belton Estate	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Gatling Gears	publisher	Electronic Arts
Aliso	publisher	Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden
The Last Eichhof	publisher	Alpha Helix
Writing and Difference	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
European Journal of Anaesthesiology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Shoot Many Robots	publisher	Ubisoft
Human Resources for Health	publisher	BioMed Central in collaboration with the World Health Organization
The Outlaws of Mars	publisher	Avalon Books
New Provinces	publisher	Macmillan of Canada
Half Broke Horses	publisher	Simon and Schuster, Inc.
When the Killing's Done	publisher	Viking Press
NCAA Football 12	publisher	EA Sports
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Shadow Vanguard	publisher	Gameloft
The Tales of Bearsworth Manor	publisher	Square Enix
Translation and Literature	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
This Book Is Broken	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Biophilia	publisher	One Little Indian Records
Biophilia	publisher	Well Hart
Hills and Rivers Remain	publisher	Square Enix
Blobster	publisher	Chillingo
Bumpy Road	publisher	Simogo
Rocksmith	publisher	Ubisoft
Mirror Dance	publisher	Baen Books
Epistles of Wisdom	publisher	'Abd-Allah Al-Tanukhi in c. 1479
Computer Science	publisher	AGH University of Science and Technology
World Heroes	publisher	Alpha Denshi, SNK
A-VCS-tec Challenge	publisher	AtariAge
Welcome to Higby	publisher	Cage
Welcome to Higby	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Rope Rescue	publisher	Chillingo
Here Comes Civilization	publisher	NESFA Press
More Money Than God	publisher	Penguin Press
The Darkness II	publisher	2
Tokyo ESP	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Empire State of Mind	publisher	Penguin Random House
Bird at the Buzzer	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Go East, Young Man	publisher	Random House
Southern Medical Journal	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins for the Southern Medical Association
Pro Kishi Jinsei Simulation: Shōgi no Hanamichi	publisher	Atlus
Queen's Blade Rebellion	publisher	Hobby Japan
Queen's Blade Rebellion	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Zatikon	publisher	Chronic Logic
Milk Race	publisher	Mastertronic
Shadow Hunters	publisher	Game Republic
Shadow Hunters	publisher	Z-Man Games
We Who Are About To...	publisher	Dell Publishing
Extra	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Hell's Pavement	publisher	Lion Books
Necronomicon: The Best Weird Tales of H. P. Lovecraft: Commemorative Edition	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Abuse of Power	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Chernobyl: Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment	publisher	Blackwell Publishing
The Traveler's Gift	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Surviving Your Serengeti	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine – Crossroads of Time	publisher	Playmates Toys
A Spaceship Built of Stone and Other Stories	publisher	The Women's Press
Great Little War Game	publisher	Viacom
Player's Secrets of Talinie	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Nightmare Lands	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Pages from the Mages	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Birthright Campaign Setting	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Planes of Conflict	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Wizards and Rogues of the Realms	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Treasure Tales	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Shaman	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Mayhem	publisher	Rombax Games
Dust: An Elysian Tail	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Journal of Deaf Studies and Deaf Education	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Ginger Cat and Other Lost Plays	publisher	Wildside Press
The Biz	publisher	Virgin Games
Industrial Union Bulletin	publisher	Industrial Workers of the World
Enola; or, Her fatal mistake	publisher	Woodward & Tiernan, Printers and Binders
Digital Humanities Quarterly	publisher	Alliance of Digital Humanities Organizations
Habu Meijin no Omoshiro Shōgi	publisher	Tomy Co.
Angry Birds Rio	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley	publisher	Edward Moxon
Cold Vengeance	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor 2	publisher	Atlus
Battle: Los Angeles	publisher	Konami
Journal of Injury and Violence Research	publisher	Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences
Funky Lab Rat	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Habu Yoshiharu Shōgi de Kitaeru: Ketsudanryoku DS	publisher	Ides
Call of Juarez: The Cartel	publisher	Ubisoft
The Dead Circus	publisher	Grove Press
DJMax Mobile	publisher	CJ Entertainment
DJMax Mobile	publisher	Gametree
Skulls of the Shogun	publisher	17
Skulls of the Shogun	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Morningside World of Stuart McLean	publisher	Viking by Penguin Books Canada Limited
MicroVolts	publisher	Rock Hippo Productions, Ltd.\n\nWeezor Productions\nSK iMedia
Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City	publisher	Capcom
Passage to Nirvana	publisher	Henry Chapin & Sons
The Kings' Crusade	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Kings' Crusade	publisher	Russia
The Kings' Crusade	publisher	1
The Kings' Crusade	publisher	Snowball Studios
Section 8: Prejudice	publisher	TimeGate Studios, Southpeak Interactive
Wannabe: How The Spice Girls Reinvented Pop Fame	publisher	Omnibus Press
Ravenwood Fair	publisher	Lolapps, Inc.
Sakura Hime: The Legend of Princess Sakura	publisher	Shueisha
Toy Soldiers: Cold War	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Home from the Vinyl Cafe	publisher	Viking by Penguin Books Canada Limited
Vinyl Cafe Unplugged	publisher	Viking by Penguin Books Canada Limited
Vinyl Cafe Diaries	publisher	Viking by Penguin Books Canada Limited
Daisenryaku Perfect HD	publisher	SystemSoft Alpha
The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks	publisher	Viking by Penguin Books Canada Limited
IL-2 Sturmovik: 1946	publisher	Ubisoft
Super Dodge Ball	publisher	SNK
Rango	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rango	publisher	Paramount Digital Entertainment
Nachrichtentechnische Fachberichte	publisher	Verband der Elektrotechnik, Elektronik und Informationstechnik
Masters of Evolution	publisher	Ace Books
Della mercatura e del mercante perfetto	publisher	'Elephant' of Venice, Italy
Sun-Ken Rock	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Tangled: The Video Game	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Academy of Management Review	publisher	Academy of Management
The Space Between Us	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Militant Liberty: A Program of Evaluation and Assessment of Freedom	publisher	U.S. Govt. Print. Off., 1955
Journal of the International AIDS Society	publisher	International AIDS Society
Tracksuit Manager	publisher	Goliath Games
The Adventures of Werner Holt	publisher	Aufbau Verlag
Face Raiders	publisher	Nintendo
The God of Animals	publisher	Scribner
Boards	publisher	Brunico Communications Ltd.
The Left Hand of God	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Left Hand of God	publisher	Penguin Books
Peruvazhiyambalam	publisher	D. C. Books
Selling Illusions: The Cult of Multiculturalism in Canada	publisher	Penguin Group
Think Tank	publisher	Top Cow
Sanctum	publisher	Coffee Stain Studios
Canoeing with the Cree	publisher	The MacMillan Company
Glow in the Dark	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
American Smooth	publisher	W.W. Norton
On the Bus with Rosa Parks	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Pikiinya!	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
The Purpose of American Politics	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Matrix Biology	publisher	Elsevier
The Rjurik Highlands	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Cities of the Sun	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Book of Magecraft	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Six Million Crucifixions	publisher	QWERTY Publishers
Uncaged: Faces of Sigil	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Option: Spells & Magic	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The North: Guide to the Savage Frontier	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Planewalker's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
A Hunger Artist	publisher	Verlag Die Schmiede
Beautiful Darkness	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Sun's Seventh Horse	publisher	National Book Trust
Cambridge Review of International Affairs	publisher	Routledge
Politics, Philosophy & Economics	publisher	Sage Publications
The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs	publisher	Princeton University Press
When Technology Fails	publisher	Gale
Anomaly: Warzone Earth	publisher	Headup Games
The Maintenance of Headway	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
CNS Neuroscience & Therapeutics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Dragonlance: Fifth Age	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Requiem: The Grim Harvest	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Wizard's Spell Compendium	publisher	TSR, Inc.
SBK 11	publisher	Black Bean Games
Telltale Texas Hold'em	publisher	Telltale Games
Spider-Man: Edge of Time	publisher	Activision
Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle with India	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle with India	publisher	Harper Collins India
Treatise of Love	publisher	Wynkyn de Worde
Maztica Campaign Set	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Darklords	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dune Trader	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Slave Tribes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
In Praise of the Stepmother	publisher	Arango
Revista Brasileira de Estudos de População	publisher	Brazilian Association of Population Studies
Day Dreamin' Davey	publisher	HAL Laboratory
Indo-Iranian Journal	publisher	Brill Publishers
The Last Hunt	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Ghostly Tales	publisher	Charlton Comics
Srisitaramakelikaumudi	publisher	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University
Rabbit Marcus the Great	publisher	Fondo de Cultura Económica
Rabbit Marcus the Great	publisher	Nieko Rimto
The Missing Picture	publisher	Thule Ediciones
The Missing Picture	publisher	Comma 22 Editore
The Missing Picture	publisher	IDMI-Verlag
The Missing Picture	publisher	Nieko Rimto
Ghost Manor	publisher	Charlton Comics
Den of Thieves	publisher	Egmont UK Ltd.
Gretzky NHL 2006	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Cat O'Nine Tails	publisher	Roaring Brook Press
Haunted	publisher	Charlton Comics
The Next Hundred Million	publisher	Penguin Press
Ghostly Haunts	publisher	Charlton Comics
Economics Does Not Lie	publisher	Encounter Books
The Vault	publisher	Hutchinson
Scary Tales	publisher	Charlton Comics
Dive: The Medes Islands Secret	publisher	Cosmonaut Games
Dive: The Medes Islands Secret	publisher	46
Sing You Home	publisher	Atria Books
Midnight Tales	publisher	Charlton Comics
The 7th Guest: Infection	publisher	Trilobyte
Burnout Crash!	publisher	Electronic Arts
Celts Campaign Sourcebook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Gold & Glory	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Islands of Terror	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Rat Girl	publisher	Penguin Books
The Great Glacier	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Volo's Guide to Waterdeep	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Forbidden Lore	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Veiled Alliance	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Master and God	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Spiral Knights	publisher	Sega
Government and Opposition	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Atomization and Sprays	publisher	Begell House
Legend: Legacy of the Dragons	publisher	My.com
Black Heart of Jamaica	publisher	Egmont Books Ltd
The Dragonfly Pool	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Literary and Linguistic Computing	publisher	Oxford University Press
Exit Wounds	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Anno 2070	publisher	Ubisoft
Angry Birds Seasons	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Jeremy McGrath Supercross 98	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Coronado: Stories	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Crispin: The End of Time	publisher	Balzer + Bray
King of Foxes	publisher	HarperCollins
Talon of the Silver Hawk	publisher	HarperTorch
Earth Dreams	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Dream Dancer	publisher	Berkley Books
Cruiser Dreams	publisher	Berkley Books
Super Formation Soccer II	publisher	Human Entertainment
Lazarus Rising: A Personal and Political Autobiography	publisher	Harper Collins
Library Connect	publisher	Elsevier
The Good Book	publisher	Walker & Company
Train Train	publisher	Shinshokan
Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell	publisher	Constable & Co. Ltd
Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell	publisher	Titan Books
Phineas and Ferb: Across the 2nd Dimension	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Phineas and Ferb: Across the 2nd Dimension	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
High Couch of Silistra	publisher	Bantam Books
The Golden Sword	publisher	Bantam Books
Wind from the Abyss	publisher	Bantam Books
Arab News	publisher	www.srpc.com
The Carnelian Throne	publisher	Bantam Books
Asphalt 3: Street Rules	publisher	Gameloft
Tadaima Yuusha Boshuuchuu Okawari	publisher	Human Entertainment
Neoconservatism: Why We Need It	publisher	Encounter Books
Deck of Magical Items	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Creative Campaigning	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Knight of Newts	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Rage of the Rakasta	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Sons of Azca	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Curious George Learns the Alphabet	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Lincoln Library of Essential Information	publisher	Lincoln Library
Violence & Victims	publisher	Springer Publishing
Pandora's Tower	publisher	Nintendo
Good Faith Collaboration	publisher	MIT Press
Where Do We Go from Here: Chaos or Community%3F	publisher	Beacon Press
Journal of Futures Studies	publisher	Tamkang University Press on behalf of Graduate Institute of Futures Studies, Tamkang University, Tamsui, Taipei
Chuk and Gek	publisher	Detgiz Publishers
Chuk and Gek	publisher	Progress Publishers
Chuk and Gek	publisher	Moscow
MedChemComm	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Alien Legacy	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Analytical Methods	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
New X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Medusa Plot	publisher	Scholastic
Cleric's Challenge	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Van Richten's Guide to the Lich	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Van Richten's Guide to Werebeasts	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Ruins of Myth Drannor	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Theoretical Inquiries in Law	publisher	Tel Aviv University
%22V%22 Is for Vengeance	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Knight Moves	publisher	Tor Books
The Three-Body Problem	publisher	Chongqing Press
Pity the Nation	publisher	Oxford University Press
Fordham Urban Law Journal	publisher	Fordham University School of Law
Ultrasound in medicine and biology	publisher	Elsevier
The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Gloria Union	publisher	Atlus
The Blue Cup	publisher	Detskaya Literatura
The Blue Cup	publisher	Moscow
The Sims 3: Generations	publisher	Electronic Arts
Mohazzabul Lughat India	publisher	Lakhnaʼū: Muqarrib Lakhnavī
Blackberry Wine	publisher	Doubleday
Darkness Before Dawn	publisher	Atheneum Books
Unpleasant Horse	publisher	4
A Gift for Jesus	publisher	Winepress Publishing
A Gift for Jesus	publisher	Moody Press
The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Felicia's Journey	publisher	Viking Press
Mind Switch	publisher	Berkley Publishing Corporation
A Treasury of Foolishly Forgotten Americans	publisher	Penguin Group  Inc.
Computational and Mathematical Organization Theory	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Story of Your Home	publisher	Faber and Faber
Softenni	publisher	Mag Garden
Fighter Bomber	publisher	Activision
The Changelings	publisher	McGraw Hill
Mycelium Running	publisher	Ten Speed Press
Inamorata	publisher	Viking Adult
Crown of Love	publisher	Shueisha
Christmas Eve at Friday Harbor	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Drop	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Armageddon Riders	publisher	Targem Games
Oru Desathinte Katha	publisher	D. C. Books
Thanatos	publisher	Durell Software
Observations	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Inclusion and Democracy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens	publisher	Scholastic Press
Interface Focus	publisher	The Royal Society
Wii Play: Motion	publisher	Nintendo
Dragon's Dogma	publisher	Capcom
20 em 1	publisher	Tec Toy
Itsuwaribito	publisher	Shogakukan
Sideways Stories from Wayside School	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Theatrical Novel	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Golfamania	publisher	Europe:
Golfamania	publisher	Sega
Golfamania	publisher	Brazil:
Golfamania	publisher	Tectoy
Battle Rush: Build Up Robot Tournament	publisher	B-AI
Happy Cafe	publisher	Hakusensha
Zenonia 2	publisher	Gamevil
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society	publisher	Dial Press
Food Quality and Preference	publisher	Elsevier
Alien Breed 3: Descent	publisher	Team17
Madonna	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Madonna	publisher	Michael O'Mara Books
Vas Népe	publisher	Pannon Lapok Társasága
Dead Rising 2: Off the Record	publisher	Capcom
The Claverings	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
The Claverings	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Success	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Success	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Warfare 1917	publisher	Armor Games
Dunamis 15	publisher	5
Sibak Al Fursan	publisher	Kuma Reality Games
Derek Fuller Wrigley	publisher	Scribe Publications
Too Big to Fail	publisher	Viking Press
Police Review	publisher	Jane's Information Group
The Maker of Universes	publisher	Ace Books
The Penguin Atlas of World History	publisher	Penguin Books
Song of Scarabaeus	publisher	Harper Voyager
Children of Scarabaeus	publisher	Harper Voyager
Scrivener's Moon	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Cold Days	publisher	Roc Books
UK Truck Simulator	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
Ace of Spades	publisher	Jagex
Threshold	publisher	Roc Books
Trust Territory	publisher	Roc Books
The Stalk	publisher	Roc Books
Yondemasuyo, Azazel-san	publisher	Kodansha
What I Loved	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Battle Tryst	publisher	Konami
The True History of the Elephant Man	publisher	Allison & Busby
Cambridge Archaeological Journal	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research
Bonaparte à Malte	publisher	Argo
Great Day for Up!	publisher	Random House
An American Demon: A Memoir	publisher	Ecw Press
SpongeBob SquigglePants	publisher	THQ
No Time to Explain	publisher	tinyBuild Games
Carrion Comfort	publisher	Dark Harvest
Maisie Dobbs	publisher	Soho Press
Deep Black	publisher	505
Honkaku Mystery Best 10	publisher	Hara Shobo
In Schools We Trust	publisher	Beacon Press
The New Cool	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Silver Spoon	publisher	Shogakukan
Girls Night In	publisher	Red Dress Ink
Review of International Organizations	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Advances in High Energy Physics	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Garshasp: The Monster Slayer	publisher	Loh Zarrin Nikan
Garshasp: The Monster Slayer	publisher	Just A Game
The Emperor of All Maladies	publisher	Scribner
The Complete Crumb Comics	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Tempus	publisher	Paradise Publishing
Underwater	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Virals	publisher	Razorbill
Espacio y Desarrollo	publisher	Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú
Alfa: Antiterror	publisher	Game Factory Interactive
Alfa: Antiterror	publisher	Russobit-M
Alfa: Antiterror	publisher	Russia
Salem	publisher	Boom! Studios
Banned for Life	publisher	And/Or Press
The Nautilus	publisher	Bailey-Matthews Shell Museum
Amerasia Journal	publisher	Asian American Studies Center
Amerasia Journal	publisher	University of California, Los Angeles
Deep Fighter	publisher	Ubisoft
Studia Neoaristotelica	publisher	Editiones Scholasticae and University of South Bohemia
Salah Asuhan	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Subversia	publisher	TNB Books
Calcified Tissue International	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Lover's Dictionary	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Golden Wings and Other Stories	publisher	Newcastle Publishing Company
The Goat, the Sofa, and Mr. Swami	publisher	Hachette Book Group
Osteoporosis International	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Memoirs of a Dervish	publisher	Profile Books, London
The Strange Journey of Mr Daldry	publisher	Robert Laffont
Archives of Osteoporosis	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Upsurge	publisher	John Long, London
Structural Equation Modeling	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Berliner Morgen-Zeitung	publisher	Rudolf Mosse
Dr. Fell, Detective, and Other Stories	publisher	Mercury Mystery paperback, New York City
Richard Carvel	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Puyo Puyo!! 20th Anniversary	publisher	Sega
Network Q RAC Rally Championship	publisher	Europress
The November Criminals	publisher	Doubleday
Three Stages of Amazement	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Stoked	publisher	Big Air Edition
Stoked	publisher	(Xbox 360)(Microsoft Windows)
Stoked	publisher	Namco Bandai
The Origins of the Urban Crisis	publisher	Princeton University Press
Reckless	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Reckless	publisher	an Imprint of Harper Collins
Jin	publisher	Shueisha
Asaoka High School Baseball Club Diary: Over Fence	publisher	Shogakukan
Public Affairs Quarterly	publisher	University of Illinois Press on behalf of North American Philosophical Publications
God and Sex: What the Bible Really Says	publisher	Hachette Book Group
Mountain Path	publisher	Sri Ramanasramam
Kao the Kangaroo	publisher	Tate Interactive
Harbour	publisher	Quercus Publishing
Pious	publisher	Two Harbors Press
Baby Universe	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Quaternary Research	publisher	Elsevier
Fever Crumb Series	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Sliced-Crosswise Only-On-Tuesday World	publisher	Doubleday
Somatic Cell and Molecular Genetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Devoted	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Start-up Nation	publisher	Twelve
Johnny Gone Down	publisher	Harper Collins
Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen	publisher	Templar Publishing
Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen	publisher	Candlewick Press
El Faro	publisher	Carlos Dada and Jorge Simán
Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden, waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte	publisher	Schnell & Steiner
Stones into Schools	publisher	Viking Press
Clara's War	publisher	Harper/Ecco
Complexity	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Ninja Warriors	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Ninja Warriors	publisher	Titus Software
Timecop	publisher	JVC
Timecop	publisher	Victor Interactive Software, Inc.
Coffee: A Dark History	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
DC Universe: Legacies	publisher	DC Comics
Religion & Education	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Religious History	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Religious History Association
A Guide to the Astral Plane	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Fritz Leiber's Lankhmar: The New Adventures of Fafhrd and Gray Mouser	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dark Sun Campaign Setting, Expanded and Revised	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dhammapada	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Half-Made World	publisher	Tom Doherty Associates
Full Metal Jacket Diary	publisher	Rugged Land
PopSister	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Ziwaphi	publisher	Tom Nkosi http://themediaonline.co.za/2013/09/how-to-remain-uncolonised
The First Person and Other Stories	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The First Person and Other Stories	publisher	Pantheon Books
Ring Around the Sun	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Against Equality of Opportunity	publisher	Clarendon Press
Men of War: Assault Squad	publisher	1
Need for Speed: The Run	publisher	Electronic Arts
Liberty Defined	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
SpaceChem	publisher	Zachtronics Industries
Utilitas	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Captain Tsubasa 4: Pro no Rival Tachi	publisher	Tecmo
Journal of Persianate Studies	publisher	Brill Publishers
Hadhrat Ahmad	publisher	Islamic International Publications
Journal of Commercial Biotechnology	publisher	www.thinkbiotech.com
The American Revolution: A Global War	publisher	David McKay Publications
Assassin's Creed: Revelations	publisher	Ubisoft
Third World Quarterly	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Centipede: Infestation	publisher	Atari, SA
1635: The Tangled Web	publisher	Baen Books
The Millionaires	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
God Makes the Rivers to Flow	publisher	Nilgiri, Jaico, Éditions Fides
Food Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Modernist Cuisine	publisher	The Cooking Lab
Who Will Run the Frog Hospital%3F	publisher	Vintage Books
Jackals	publisher	New English Library
The Wind on the Moon	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Songs of the Great Dominion	publisher	Walter Scott
The Housing Boom and Bust	publisher	Basic Books
Liebe zu Böhmen	publisher	Sudpress
NBA 2K12	publisher	2
Gate 7	publisher	Shueisha
Batman: Gates of Gotham	publisher	DC Comics
Ribbon Hero 2	publisher	Microsoft
Ribbon Hero	publisher	Microsoft
The Man in the Dugout	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Emotion	publisher	American Psychological Association
Pretty Little Liars	publisher	HarperTeen
Throne of a Thousand Years	publisher	Ristesson Ent
Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology	publisher	Northwestern University School of Law
Baldur's Gate III: The Black Hound	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
1636: The Saxon Uprising	publisher	Baen Books
Armada 2526	publisher	Tri Synergy
Armada 2526	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Norwegian Archaeological Review	publisher	Routledge
Dark Side of the Moon: A Sci-Fi Adventure	publisher	SouthPeak Games
Verukal	publisher	D. C. Books
The Imperial Cruise	publisher	Back Bay Books
The Imperial Cruise	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Viddikalude Swargam	publisher	D. C. Books
Three Upbuilding Discourses, 1844	publisher	Bookdealer P. G. Philipsen
Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The World Development Report 2011	publisher	World Bank
Money and Power	publisher	Doubleday
Zenonia 3	publisher	Gamevil
A Taste of Blackberries	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Captain Tsubasa: Gekito no Kiseki	publisher	Konami
Growing Up bin Laden	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Shuffle! Love Rainbow	publisher	Navel
Tono to Issho	publisher	Media Factory
Annals of Functional Analysis	publisher	Tusi Mathematical Research Group
Morita-san wa Mukuchi	publisher	Takeshobo
TKO Super Championship Boxing	publisher	SOFEL
The Roots of the Mountains	publisher	Reeves and Turner
Contemporary Accounting Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Canadian Academic Accounting Association
Decision Sciences	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Aura: Fate of the Ages	publisher	The Adventure Company
The Obama Story	publisher	Seoul: Dasan Books; Englewood Cliffs, N.J: Joyful Stories Press
Aura II: The Sacred Rings	publisher	The Adventure Company
8Realms	publisher	Jagex
Field Guide to the Birds of Australia	publisher	Lloyd O’Neil: Melbourne
The Biological Bulletin	publisher	Marine Biological Laboratory
The Thieves' Labyrinth	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Production and Operations Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for Baylor University
Gitaramayanam	publisher	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University
International Journal of Computer Assisted Radiology and Surgery	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Three Cups of Deceit	publisher	Byliner
Srisitaramasuprabhatam	publisher	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University
BC	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Pro Evolution Soccer 2012	publisher	Konami
Pro Evolution Soccer 2012	publisher	ARG MicroByte
Advances in Chemical Physics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Rithian Terror	publisher	Ace Books
The Hollow Man	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Dead Block	publisher	Digital Reality
Flying Hero	publisher	SOFEL
Monthly Aanchal	publisher	Mushtaq Ahmed Qureshi
The Lords of Strategy	publisher	Harvard Business Press
Melfand Stories	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
Images of Organization	publisher	Sage Publications
Good Morning, Holy Spirit	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Gathering	publisher	HarperCollins
Cruzeiro do Sul	publisher	Tiberany Ferraz dos Santos
The World of Lucha Libre	publisher	Duke University Press
Nexuiz	publisher	THQ
Andymon	publisher	Neues Leben Berlin
The Slater Field Guide to Australian Birds	publisher	Rigby: Sydney
Journal of Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of The Australian Sociological Association
Conan and the Mists of Doom	publisher	Tor Books
Mommy's Little Girl	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Bioscience Horizons	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Comforters	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Comforters	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Shadows Alive	publisher	TBA
Wither	publisher	Atria
Wither	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Ghost Train	publisher	BBC Audiobooks
Erections, Ejaculations, Exhibitions, and General Tales of Ordinary Madness	publisher	City Lights Publishers
Tales of Ordinary Madness	publisher	City Lights Books
Soulcalibur V	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Pawprints of Katrina	publisher	Howell Book House
Advanced Energy Materials	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Stay Tooned!	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Le Curé de village	publisher	Hippolyte Souverain
Blood-C	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
O Senhor da Chuva	publisher	Novo Século .
Every Soul a Star	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Asphalt 6: Adrenaline	publisher	Gameloft
WINtA	publisher	Ngmoco
King's Bounty: Legions	publisher	Nival
Computer Aided Surgery	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Dead Reckoning	publisher	Ace Books
Go the Fuck to Sleep	publisher	Akashic Books
Z213: Exit	publisher	Shoestring Press
2030	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Then They Came for Me	publisher	Random House
Starhawk	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Badai Pasti Berlalu	publisher	Gramedia Pustaka Utama
United We Stand	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Of Chameleons and Gods	publisher	Heinemann
Attack on Titan	publisher	Kodansha
Arundhati	publisher	Shri Raghav Sahitya Prakashan Nidhi, Haridvar
Lucinda Pierce Mystery series	publisher	Severn House
Order & Chaos Online	publisher	Gameloft
Historia de San Martín y de la emancipación sudamericana	publisher	Ediciones Peuser
Isozuri: Ritou Hen	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Ring ni Kakero	publisher	Masaya
Bossypants	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Colossus of Maroussi	publisher	Colt Press
Oresama Teacher	publisher	Hakusensha
Lupin III: Shijō Saidai no Zunōsen	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Neo Geo Heroes: Ultimate Shooting	publisher	SNK Playmore
The Man from the USSR and Other Plays	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Withering Tights	publisher	CollinsFlamingo
Transactions of the Philological Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
WORD	publisher	International Linguistic Association
Journal of French Language Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Forest Born	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
The Final Testament of the Holy Bible	publisher	Gagosian Gallery
Multi Play Volleyball	publisher	Pack-In-Video
Tiassa	publisher	Tor Books
Zoo City	publisher	Jacana Media
Zoo City	publisher	Angry Robot
Adaptive Behavior	publisher	Sage Publications
The Lotus Eaters	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Skulduggery Pleasant: Death Bringer	publisher	HarperCollins
Australian and New Zealand Journal of Criminology	publisher	Sage Publications
Asia Pacific Journal of Human Resources	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Australian Human Resources Institute
God's Fool	publisher	Richard Bentley & Son ;
God's Fool	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
Grand Theft Auto V	publisher	Rockstar Games
Ponni	publisher	Sahityapravarthaka Sahakaranasangham
Ponni	publisher	D. C. Books
Stronghold Kingdoms	publisher	Firefly Studios
Nice de Shot	publisher	Ask Kodansha
Terraria	publisher	505
Terraria	publisher	Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux
Terraria	publisher	Re-Logic
Terraria	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Ultrasonics	publisher	Elsevier
Natsuki Crisis Battle	publisher	Angel
Jumpin' Derby	publisher	Kaga Create
Rising Tides	publisher	Roc Books
Building Services Engineering Research and Technology	publisher	Sage Publications
Culture and Psychology	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Hub	publisher	Tolu Adeko
Journal of Cellular Plastics	publisher	Sage Publications
MorphX	publisher	505
Acta Societatis Botanicorum Poloniae	publisher	Polish Botanical Society
Spelling Jungle	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Matsukata Hiroki no Super Trawling	publisher	Tonkin House
Love Quest	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
In the Basement of the Ivory Tower	publisher	Viking Adult
Halakhak Komiks	publisher	Jaime Lucas
Ball Bullet Gun: Survival Game Simulation	publisher	I'Max
2nd Super Robot Wars Original Generation	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
European History Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
European Journal of Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
European Journal of Industrial Relations	publisher	Sage Publications
Markstrat	publisher	INSEAD
European Urban and Regional Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of European Social Policy	publisher	SAGE Publications
European Physical Education Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Food Science and Technology International	publisher	SAGE Publications
Group Processes & Intergroup Relations	publisher	SAGE Publications
Timeless	publisher	Random House Children's Books
How to Train Your Dragon	publisher	Activision
Battle Zeque Den	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Move Under Ground	publisher	Night Shade Books
Extra Credit	publisher	Simon & Schuster
No Talking	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood	publisher	HarperCollins
Fire!	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Health Education Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Bioactive and Compatible Polymers	publisher	Sage Publications
Teaching as Leadership	publisher	Jossey Bass
Lego Harry Potter: Years 5–7	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Harry Potter: Years 5–7	publisher	Feral Interactive
International Journal of Behavioral Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
Joshuan's Almanac & Book of Facts	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Cleric's Challenge II	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Mind Lords of the Last Sea	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Silver Key	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Neither Man nor Beast	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Forged of Darkness	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Windriders of the Jagged Cliffs	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Warriors and Priests of the Realms	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Secrets of Ariya	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Journal of Composite Materials	publisher	Sage Publications
Health and Human Rights	publisher	Harvard University Press
Journal of Building Physics	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Elastomers and Plastics	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Fire Protection Engineering	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Fire Sciences	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Hand Surgery	publisher	Sage Publications
ARMA 3	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Baltron	publisher	Toei Animation
Reality Hunger	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Reality Hunger	publisher	Vintage
JaJaMaru no Daibouken	publisher	Jaleco
Journal of Intelligent Material Systems and Structures	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Plastic Film and Sheeting	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of the Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Reinforced Plastics and Composites	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Sandwich Structures and Materials	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Thermoplastic Composite Materials	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Vibration and Control	publisher	Sage Publications
Language and Speech	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Librarianship and Information Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
Lighting Research & Technology	publisher	Sage Publications
Language Teaching Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Media, Culture & Society	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Agrarian Change	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Material Culture	publisher	SAGE Publications
Management Learning	publisher	Sage Publications
Mathematics & Mechanics of Solids	publisher	SAGE Publications
Multiple Sclerosis Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Nursing Ethics	publisher	SAGE Publications
New Media & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Progress in Human Geography	publisher	SAGE Publications
Progress in Physical Geography	publisher	SAGE Publications
Party Politics	publisher	SAGE Publications
Punishment & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Review of Administrative Sciences	publisher	SAGE Publications
Social Compass	publisher	SAGE Publications
Rationality and Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Perspectives in Public Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
Structural Health Monitoring	publisher	Sage Publications
Scandinavian Journal of Public Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
Social & Legal Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Statistical Methods in Medical Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
School Psychology International	publisher	SAGE Publications
Mystery at the Museums	publisher	Artech Studios
Journal of Social and Personal Relationships	publisher	Sage Publications
Social Science Information	publisher	SAGE Publications
Theory & Psychology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Theoretical Criminology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Social Studies of Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
Toxicology and Industrial Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
Time & Society	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of the American Academy of Religion	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Academy of Religion
Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	publisher	Sage Publications
Work, Employment & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Textile Research Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
War in History	publisher	SAGE Publications
Waste Management & Research	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the International Solid Waste Association
Kings of War	publisher	Mantic Games
Contributions to the History of Concepts	publisher	Berghahn Journals
Woody Poco	publisher	DB-Soft
Miracle Ropitt: 2100-Nen no Daibōken	publisher	King Records
Preparedness 101: Zombie Apocalypse	publisher	Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Punisher: In the Blood	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Last One Left	publisher	Fawcett Publications
The Last One Left	publisher	Doubleday
Illusions	publisher	HarperTeen
Illusions	publisher	HarperCollins
Ahead of Time	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Quest for Christa T.	publisher	Mitteldeutschen Verlag, Halle
Der Freitag	publisher	Jakob Augstein
George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Als die Götter starben	publisher	Neues Leben Berlin
Nabou	publisher	Neues Leben Berlin
A Rare Benedictine: The Advent of Brother Cadfael	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Chocolatier: Decadence by Design	publisher	PlayFirst
Tactical Soccer	publisher	Electronic Arts Victor
Street Fighter II′: Champion Edition	publisher	Capcom
Vampire Rush	publisher	Chillingo
Vampire Rush	publisher	A-Steroids
Stargate	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Snow White: Happily Ever After	publisher	ASC Games
Sküljagger: Revolt of the Westicans	publisher	ASC Games
Hanna Barbera's Turbo Toons	publisher	Empire Interactive
Eco Tycoon: Project Green	publisher	ValuSoft
Gemini Rue	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
Dirt Racer	publisher	Elite Systems
Dragon Age: Inquisition	publisher	Electronic Arts
Theology	publisher	The Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge in association with SAGE Publications
No. 6	publisher	Kodansha
Captain Tsubasa J: The Way to World Youth	publisher	Bandai
Metric Structures for Riemannian and Non-Riemannian Spaces	publisher	Birkhäuser Verlag
Body & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Rule 34	publisher	Ace Books
Rule 34	publisher	Orbit Books
Autism	publisher	Sage Publications
St. Mary's Law Journal	publisher	St. Mary's University, Texas
The Dream Songs	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Voltar	publisher	Craf Publications , Marvel Comics
Eden Eternal	publisher	Aeria Games
Physics of the Future	publisher	Doubleday
Skullgirls	publisher	Autumn Games
Skullgirls	publisher	Konami
In Our Image: America's Empire in the Philippines	publisher	Random House
Natsume Championship Wrestling	publisher	Natsume
Capcom's MVP Football	publisher	Capcom
Journal of Pharmacy and Bioallied Sciences	publisher	Medknow Publications
Eclipse	publisher	Picador
Transformers: Dark of the Moon: The Junior Novel	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Berge Meere und Giganten	publisher	S. Fischer
Super R.B.I. Baseball	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part A: Journal of Power and Energy	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Torment	publisher	Random House
Jumpin' Kid: Jack to Mame no Ki Monogatari	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
The Most Addicting Sheep Game	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Nuclear Time	publisher	BBC Books
Great Swordsman	publisher	Taito Corporation
BASH!	publisher	Basic Action Games
Herotopia	publisher	Jagex
Plant Cell Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Clockwork Angel	publisher	Walker Books
Aiyoku no Eustia	publisher	Harvest
Aiyoku no Eustia	publisher	Paradigm
Aiyoku no Eustia	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part D: Journal of Automobile Engineering	publisher	Sage Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part E: Journal of Process Mechanical Engineering	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part F: Journal of Rail and Rapid Transit	publisher	Sage Publications
Compositio Mathematica	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the London Mathematical Society
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers	publisher	Institution of Mechanical Engineers
The Grid	publisher	Torstar
The Traitor's Emblem	publisher	Atria
Lightning Legend: Daigo no Daibouken	publisher	Konami
Sétimo	publisher	Novo Século .
Fighting Bujutsu	publisher	Konami
The Mathematical Magpie	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Savage Love: Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist	publisher	Plume
The Second Corps of Discovery: 1811 Journal of the Jackson and Clark Expeditionary Force	publisher	DigitalKu
Major Title	publisher	Irem
Okamoto Ayako to Match Play Golf	publisher	Tsukuda Original
Cycles of Time	publisher	Bodley Head
Cycles of Time	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Zoologicheskii Zhurnal	publisher	Russian Academy of Sciences
The Princess and the Pilot	publisher	Shogakukan
Rachel Ray	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Angels and Spaceships	publisher	E. P. Dutton
The Moses Expedition	publisher	Atria
Line to Tomorrow	publisher	Bantam Books
NHL 12	publisher	EA Sports
Passion	publisher	Random House
Shinobi 3D	publisher	Sega
Astro Fang: Super Machine	publisher	A-Wave
If Women Counted	publisher	Harper & Row
If Women Counted	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
If Women Counted	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Ben 10: Galactic Racing	publisher	D3 Publisher
Techno Kitten Adventure	publisher	Elite Gudz, 21st Street Games
The Kid: What Happened After My Boyfriend and I Decided to Go Get Pregnant	publisher	Dutton
Eco Shooter: Plant 530	publisher	Nintendo
Categories: On the Beauty of Physics	publisher	Vernacular Press
Geniu$: The Tech Tycoon Game	publisher	Viva Media
The Vespertine	publisher	Harcourt Children’s Books
Dekitate High School	publisher	Blue Planet Software
Indiana Magazine of History	publisher	Indiana University
Religious Studies	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Higashio Osamu Kanshuu Super Pro Yakyuu Stadium	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Kafka's Soup	publisher	Libri Publications
Among the Truthers	publisher	Harper
The King's General	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The King's General	publisher	Doubleday
Mayo Chiki!	publisher	Media Factory
Mayo Chiki!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Frozen Synapse	publisher	Mode 7 Games
Real Education	publisher	Crown Forum
Rollerblade Racer	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Super Batter Up	publisher	Namco
FIFA 12	publisher	EA Sports
Is Geography Destiny%3F	publisher	Stanford University Press
Is Geography Destiny%3F	publisher	The World Bank
The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family	publisher	Dutton
Accident Analysis & Prevention	publisher	Elsevier
Palimpsest	publisher	Subterranean Press
Palaeogeography, Palaeoclimatology, Palaeoecology	publisher	Elsevier
Pro Yakyū Nettō: Puzzle Stadium	publisher	Coconuts Japan
I Married Wyatt Earp	publisher	University of Arizona Press, later Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd
The Sesame Street Dictionary	publisher	Random House
The Sesame Street Dictionary	publisher	Children's Television Workshop
Sartre's Sink	publisher	Granta
Speedy Gonzales: Los Gatos Bandidos	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Super Dany	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Of All Possible Worlds	publisher	Ballantine Books
Saturn Apartments	publisher	Shogakukan
It Gets Better: Coming Out, Overcoming Bullying, and Creating a Life Worth Living	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms	publisher	Orbit Books
Super Slam Dunk	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Aircraft Recognition	publisher	HMSO
Psychosis	publisher	Routledge
Knights of Sidonia	publisher	Kodansha
Indigenous Peoples in International Law	publisher	Oxford University Press
Fil and Filippa: Story of Child Life in the Philippines	publisher	Macmillan Company
Mantissa	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Mantissa	publisher	Little, Brown
Heroes of Ruin	publisher	Square Enix
Who Goes There%3F and Other Stories	publisher	Dell Books
Frantic Flea	publisher	GameTek
HammerLock Wrestling	publisher	Jaleco
WWE '12	publisher	THQ
Pro Yakyū Star	publisher	Culture Brain
1635: The Eastern Front	publisher	Baen Books
Physiology	publisher	American Physiological Society
Machine of Death	publisher	Bearstache Books
Empires & Allies	publisher	Zynga
Nínay	publisher	Imprenta de Fortanet  and Limbagan Nang La Republika Kiotan Bilang 30
The Science of Mind	publisher	Tarcher Putnam
Dreams of Joy	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Minotron: 2112	publisher	Llamasoft
Haganai	publisher	Media Factory
Haganai	publisher	Shueisha
Haganai	publisher	Media Factory
Minotaur Rescue	publisher	Llamasoft
The Fold	publisher	G. P. Putnam’s Sons
Spider-Man Comics Weekly	publisher	Marvel UK
American Journal of Enology and Viticulture	publisher	American Society for Enology and Viticulture
The Great Lover	publisher	Sceptre
Wipeout 2048	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
X Rebirth	publisher	Deep Silver and Tri Synergy
Sound Shapes	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Chaos Rings II	publisher	Square Enix
The Steerswoman	publisher	Del Rey Books
SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis	publisher	Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
The Man Behind the Plough	publisher	The Book Company Ltd, Calcutta / Aliah University Press
The Broken Kingdoms	publisher	Orbit Books
Daily Desher Katha	publisher	www.abhijitmitra.in
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment	publisher	Ecological Society of America
Disney Universe	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Sims 3: Pets	publisher	Electronic Arts
Saboteur 2	publisher	Z-Man Games
The Life of Arseniev	publisher	Chekhov Publishers
Action for Slander	publisher	Harper Collins
Science of Mind	publisher	Centers for Spiritual Living
The Visitor	publisher	Newgrounds
Silent Hill: Book of Memories	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Ghostbusters	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ghostbusters	publisher	Now Comics
Ghostbusters	publisher	88
Ghostbusters	publisher	IDW Comics
I Served the King of England	publisher	Jazzová sekce
UFC Undisputed 3	publisher	THQ
Red Cap	publisher	Lodestar Books
Mga Anak-Bukid	publisher	Limbagang Cultura Filipina
Pro tempore	publisher	ISHA-Zagreb
Payday: The Heist	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Miscellaneous Babylonian Inscriptions	publisher	Yale University Press
Miscellaneous Babylonian Inscriptions	publisher	Oxford University Press
Blacklight: Retribution	publisher	Perfect World Entertainment
Aunt Louisa's Nursery Favourite	publisher	Frederick Warne and Co.
Aunt Louisa's Nursery Favourite	publisher	Scribner, Welford and Co.
Psychiatric Services	publisher	American Psychiatric Association
Sampagitang Walang Bango	publisher	P. Sayo
Pramana	publisher	Indian Academy of Sciences
Stops of Various Quills	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Mission Against Terror	publisher	Wicked Interactive / Suba Games
Mission Against Terror	publisher	CiB Net Station
Mission Against Terror	publisher	Winner Online
Mission Against Terror	publisher	M1 Games
Mission Against Terror	publisher	Sabay
Mission Against Terror	publisher	PT. Winner Interactive
King's Wrath	publisher	HarperVoyager
Aunt Louisa's Bible Picture Book	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co.
Di	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Oakdale Affair and The Rider	publisher	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
Kinect Star Wars	publisher	LucasArts
Kinect Star Wars	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Kinect Sports: Season Two	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Fable: The Journey	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Arkiv för nordisk filologi	publisher	Lund University
Gait Analysis: Normal and Pathological Function	publisher	SLACK Incorporated
American Journal of Ophthalmology	publisher	Elsevier
Terminator Salvation	publisher	Raw Thrills
Medieval Moves: Deadmund's Quest	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Super Stardust Delta	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
LittleBigPlanet PS Vita	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Warrior's Lair	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Phantoms	publisher	Ubisoft
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Small Changes	publisher	Doubleday Books
Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon	publisher	Nintendo
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U	publisher	Nintendo
New Super Mario Bros. U	publisher	Nintendo
Kinect: Disneyland Adventures	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Cars 2	publisher	THQ
Cars 2	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Cars 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Lego City Undercover	publisher	Nintendo
Blackwater	publisher	505
Ryse: Son of Rome	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Ryse: Son of Rome	publisher	Crytek
Jikkyō Power Pro Wrestling '96: Max Voltage	publisher	Konami
Kirby Mass Attack	publisher	Nintendo
Robopocalypse	publisher	Doubleday
The Oakdale Affair	publisher	Ace Books
The New 52	publisher	DC Comics
Love, Heartache and Other Stories	publisher	D-escritor Ediciones
American Studies	publisher	Mid-America American Studies Association
American Studies	publisher	University of Kansas
The American Flag: Two Centuries of Concord & Conflict	publisher	Veninga-Zaricor Publications
Super Birdie Rush	publisher	Data East
Scott-King's Modern Europe	publisher	Cornhill Magazine
Scott-King's Modern Europe	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Demonic: How the Liberal Mob Is Endangering America	publisher	Crown Forum
Hal's Hole in One Golf	publisher	HAL Laboratory
The Snottle	publisher	Orchard Books
Panic x Panic	publisher	Kodansha
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part G: Journal of Aerospace Engineering	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part H: Journal of Engineering in Medicine	publisher	SAGE Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	publisher	Sage Publications
Kouryaku Casino Bar	publisher	Nihon Bussan
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part P: Journal of Sports Engineering and Technology	publisher	Sage Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part O: Journal of Risk and Reliability	publisher	Sage Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part N: Journal of Nanoengineering and Nanosystems	publisher	SAGE Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part L: Journal of Materials: Design and Applications	publisher	Sage Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part M: Journal of Engineering for the Maritime Environment	publisher	Sage Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part K: Journal of Multi-body Dynamics	publisher	Sage Publications
Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part J: Journal of Engineering Tribology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Na'ima B. Robert	publisher	Bantam Books
The Adventures of Ook and Gluk: Kung-Fu Cavemen from the Future	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
The Adventures of Ook and Gluk: Kung-Fu Cavemen from the Future	publisher	Scholastic
The Revolution Will Not Be Microwaved	publisher	Chelsea Green Publishing Co.
The Hanging Garden	publisher	Random House Australia
Extreme Measures	publisher	Atria Books
Fightin' Marines	publisher	St. John Publications
Fightin' Marines	publisher	Charlton Comics
Steg	publisher	Codemasters
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2	publisher	City Interactive
Starburst	publisher	Signet Books
Snoopy's Magic Show	publisher	Kemco
Onita Atsushi FMW	publisher	Pony Canyon
Snoopy Concert	publisher	Mitsui Fudosan
Snoopy Concert	publisher	Dentsu
Hunger	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Daredevil: Reborn	publisher	Marvel Comics
Gotham City Impostors	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Mobile Suit Gundam AGE	publisher	Shogakukan
Mobile Suit Gundam AGE	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
On an Odd Note	publisher	Ballantine Books
Primetime Propaganda	publisher	Broadside Books
American Journal of Play	publisher	The Strong
Rage	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
IEEE Magnetics Letters	publisher	IEEE Magnetics Society
Seesaw	publisher	Heinemann
Dash Kappei	publisher	Shogakukan
Koutetsu no Kishi	publisher	General Support
Koutetsu no Kishi	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Koutetsu no Kishi 2: Sabaku no Rommel Shougun	publisher	General Support
Koutetsu no Kishi 2: Sabaku no Rommel Shougun	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Dance Dance Revolution X3	publisher	Konami
Dance Dance Revolution II	publisher	Konami
The Last Battle	publisher	Techiku
Mazinger Z	publisher	Bandai
You Don't Know Me	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Rabbids: Alive & Kicking	publisher	Ubisoft
Sabbatical: A Romance	publisher	G. P. Putnam
UEFA Euro 2012	publisher	EA Sports
Annoying Orange: Kitchen Carnage	publisher	Bottle Rocket Studios
Big Nate: In a Class by Himself	publisher	HarperCollins
When the Going Was Good	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
No Time Like Tomorrow	publisher	Signet Books
World Masters Golf	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The House of Silk	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Heaven's Gate	publisher	Atlus
Pokémon Rumble Blast	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Rhythm Heaven Fever	publisher	Nintendo
Song of Blades and Heroes	publisher	Ganesha Games
Origins of Life and Evolution of Biospheres	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Power Factory Featuring C+C Music Factory	publisher	Sony Imagesoft
Nicktoons MLB	publisher	2
A Matter of Death and Life	publisher	Vintage Books
Pinaglahuan	publisher	Manila Filateco
Ang Mestisa	publisher	Imprenta Ilagan y Compañía
P.T.O. II	publisher	Koei
Busabos ng Palad	publisher	Manila Filatelica
Liar	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Liar	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Drakensang: The River of Time	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Drakensang: The River of Time	publisher	THQ
Concurrent Engineering	publisher	Sage Publications
Green Lantern: New Guardians	publisher	DC Comics
Warfront	publisher	Harvey Comics
African Zoology	publisher	Zoological Society of Southern Africa
Advances in Colloid and Interface Science	publisher	Elsevier
Dungeon Master's Kit	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Crusader Kings II	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Too Much Money	publisher	Ballantine Books
Fightin' Army	publisher	Charlton Comics
Super Fire Pro Wrestling: Queen's Special	publisher	Human Entertainment
Oscilloscoop	publisher	Scott Snibbe
Eschatos	publisher	Qute
Eschatos	publisher	Degica
The Empire of the Angels	publisher	Albin Michel
Journal of Industrial Textiles	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Consumer Culture	publisher	SAGE Publications
Jirel of Joiry	publisher	Paperback Library
Journal of Social Work	publisher	SAGE Publications
Fightin' Navy	publisher	Charlton Comics
C.M.B.	publisher	Kodansha
Language and Literature	publisher	SAGE Publications
Leadership	publisher	Sage Publications
Language Testing	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Dream Master	publisher	Neues Leben Berlin
Boy Kills Man	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Understanding Pediatric Heart Sounds	publisher	Elsevier
Musicae Scientiae	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music
Marketing Theory	publisher	Sage Publications
Psychology of Music	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Society for Education, Music and Psychology Research
Prosthetics and Orthotics International	publisher	SAGE Publications
Planning Theory	publisher	Sage Publications
Golfweek	publisher	Turnstile Publishing Company
Pertemuan Jodoh	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Afterlife	publisher	HarperTeen
The Last Hurrah of the Golden Horde	publisher	Avon Books
Sa Ngalan ng Diyos	publisher	Limbagan at Aklatan Ni I.R. Morales
GKART	publisher	Garena
Sexualities	publisher	Sage Publications
Understanding Lung Sounds	publisher	Elsevier
Transcultural Psychiatry	publisher	SAGE Publications
The House That Had Enough	publisher	Western Publishing
Visual Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Visual Culture	publisher	Sage Publications
Wannsee House and the Holocaust	publisher	McFarland & Company
Red Glove	publisher	Simon & Schuster
White Cat	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ro-Kyu-Bu!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ro-Kyu-Bu!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
A Tale of Two Kingdoms	publisher	Crystal Shard
Lady Sings the Blues	publisher	Doubleday
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever	publisher	Amulet Books
Always Hiding	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Sai Kung & Clearwater Bay Magazine	publisher	Tom Hilditch
The Blood Book	publisher	Creative Trust
James Bond 007: Blood Stone	publisher	Activision
Byomjatrir Diary	publisher	New Script, Calcutta
Byomjatrir Diary	publisher	Ananda Publishers, Calcutta
The Day the World Broke	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Interactive
The Cube Root of Uncertainty	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
Bulletin of the History of Archaeology	publisher	Ubiquity Press
Operation Ares	publisher	Berkley Books
Bokvennen litterært magasin	publisher	Bokvennen Forlag
London 2012	publisher	Sega
Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting, Smoking and Curing	publisher	W. W. Norton
Chronopolis and Other Stories	publisher	Putnam Publishing
The Whole Beast	publisher	HarperCollins
Passion: An Essay on Personality	publisher	Free Press
New Dimensions 1	publisher	Doubleday Books
In the Pocket: And Other SF Stories	publisher	Ace Books
The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman	publisher	Doubleday Books
Night Work	publisher	Hanser
Night Work	publisher	Canongate Books
River of Smoke	publisher	Penguin Group
Stochastic Resonance	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Ang Singsing ng Dalagang Marmol	publisher	Ang Kapatid ng Bayan
Ang Anak ng Dumalaga	publisher	Limbagan Ilagan at Sanga
360: Three Sixty	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Ang Huling Pagluha	publisher	Limbagan Ilagan at Sanga
Scientific Reports	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Metallic Muse	publisher	Doubleday Books
Agassi Tennis Generation	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Agassi Tennis Generation	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Crash Proof	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Sutobasu Yarō Shō	publisher	B-AI
How an Economy Grows and Why It Crashes	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Sex, Sin, and Zen	publisher	New World Library
Shanghai Kid	publisher	Taiyo System
Shanghai Kid	publisher	Data East USA, Memetron, Kitcorp,
03	publisher	Sports Interactive
The Sons of Avalon Saga	publisher	Conceptual Images Publishing
Beasts of Burden	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Ang Tala sa Panghulo	publisher	R. Martinez
Feed	publisher	Orbit Books
Juan Masili: Ang Pinuno ng Tulisan	publisher	Libreria Luzonica
Games Wizards Play	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Fly-fisher's Entomology	publisher	Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green, and Longman, London
Carl Haffner's Love of the Draw	publisher	Volk und Welt
Carl Haffner's Love of the Draw	publisher	Harvill Secker
Quarterly Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Oxford University Press
DarkOrbit	publisher	Bigpoint
Galaga 30th Collection	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
So Long, See You Tomorrow	publisher	The New Yorker
So Long, See You Tomorrow	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Ipaghiganti Mo Ako...!	publisher	Limbagang Banahaw
The Centauri Device	publisher	Doubleday
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
World Competition	publisher	Wolters Kluwer
Affilia	publisher	SAGE Publications
Adult Education Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Association of Adult and Continuing Education
American Behavioral Scientist	publisher	SAGE Publications
American Educational Research Journal	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association
American Journal of Evaluation	publisher	Sage Publications
Gambara	publisher	Hippolyte Souverain
Little Brown Bushrat	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
American Journal of Men's Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
American Journal of Medical Quality	publisher	Sage Publications
Les Proscrits	publisher	Charles Gosselin
Massimilla Doni	publisher	Hippolyte Souverain
American Journal of Sports Medicine	publisher	SAGE Publications
American Politics Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
The American Review of Public Administration	publisher	Sage Publications
Angiology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Applied Psychological Measurement	publisher	SAGE Publications
Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health	publisher	Sage Publications
Biological Research for Nursing	publisher	Sage Publications
Clinical Pediatrics	publisher	SAGE Publications
Clinical and Applied Thrombosis-Hemostasis	publisher	Sage Publications
Comparative Political Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures	publisher	Activision
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Zulu Hart	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
101-in-1 Party Megamix	publisher	Atlus
101-in-1 Party Megamix	publisher	Nordcurrent
Caesars Palace 2000	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Canal de la Reina	publisher	Ateneo de Manila University Press
Princess of Glass	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Crazy Drake	publisher	One Reality, eGames
The Human Angle	publisher	Ballantine Books
Overcoming Life's Disappointments	publisher	Anchor Books
That Deadman Dance	publisher	Picador, Australia
Defending the Devil	publisher	William Morrow & Company
The Counseling Psychologist	publisher	SAGE Publications
Crime & Delinquency	publisher	SAGE Publications
Dry Valley	publisher	Vestnik Evropy
Criminal Justice and Behavior	publisher	SAGE Publications
Cross-Cultural Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Current Directions in Psychological Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Diabetes Educator	publisher	SAGE Publications
East European Politics and Societies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Le Cabinet des Antiques	publisher	Hyppolite Souverain
La Vieille Fille	publisher	Edmond Werdet
Education and Urban Society	publisher	Sage Publications
Economic Development Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Educational Administration Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
Educational and Psychological Measurement	publisher	Sage Publications
Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of American Educational Research Association
Educational Policy	publisher	Sage Publications
Evaluation & the Health Professions	publisher	Sage Publications
Environment and Behavior	publisher	Sage Publications
Evaluation Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Family Business Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Field Methods	publisher	SAGE Publications
Gender & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications  in association with Sociologists for Women in Society
Gifted Child Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
Group & Organization Management	publisher	SAGE Publications
Hispanic Journal of Behavioral Sciences	publisher	SAGE Publications
Homicide Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Journal of Toxicology	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Regional Science Review	publisher	Sage Publications
International Journal of Surgical Pathology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Micro	publisher	HarperCollins
An American Tail: Fievel's Gold Rush	publisher	Conspiracy Entertainment
An American Tail: Fievel's Gold Rush	publisher	Crave Entertainment
101-in-1 Explosive Megamix	publisher	Nordcurrent
101-in-1 Explosive Megamix	publisher	Atlus
Anino ng Kahapon	publisher	Santiago L Abillar and SP
False Impression	publisher	Macmillan
False Impression	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Journal of Adolescent Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Intervention In School And Clinic	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Applied Gerontology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Biomolecular Screening	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening
Journal of Biological Rhythms	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Cardiovascular Pharmacology and Therapeutics	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Career Assessment	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Career Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Child Neurology	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Contemporary Ethnography	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Dental Research	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the International and American Association for Dental Research
Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Early Adolescence	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Early Intervention	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Division for Early Childhood
Journal of Emotional and Behavioral Disorders	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Family Nursing	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Family Issues	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Family History	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry and Neurology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Human Lactation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Humanistic Psychology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Interpersonal Violence	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Language and Social Psychology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Pediatric Oncology Nursing	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Planning Education and Research	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning
Journal of Management Inquiry	publisher	SAGE Publications
Per Linguam	publisher	Stellenbosch University
Journal of Planning Literature	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Positive Behavior Interventions	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Psychoeducational Assessment	publisher	SAGE Publications
Aedis Eclipse: Generation of Chaos	publisher	Idea Factory
Aedis Eclipse: Generation of Chaos	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Aedis Eclipse: Generation of Chaos	publisher	Ghostlight
Journal of Service Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Special Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency	publisher	SAGE Publications
Take a Break! Pinball	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Fuse	publisher	Electronic Arts
I Hope Like Heck	publisher	Byliner
Carolina Moon	publisher	Penguin Putnam Inc.
Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself	publisher	Broadway Books
Ang mga Anak Dalita	publisher	Limbagan at Aklatan Ni I.R. Morales
Mighty Switch Force!	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Maganda pa ang Daigdig	publisher	Ateneo de Manila University Press
Daluyong	publisher	Ateneo de Manila University Press
Sugat ng Alaala	publisher	Ateneo de Manila University Press
Annabel	publisher	House of Anansi Press
The Zucchini Warriors	publisher	Scholastic
Fine Clothes to the Jew	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Warhammer: Invasion	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Experimental Hematology	publisher	Elsevier
Nibbana-The Mind Stilled	publisher	Dharma Grantha Mudrana Bharaya
Our South African Birds	publisher	Cape Times
Van Dale	publisher	Van Dale Lexicografie b.v.
Girl	publisher	Hulton Press
Girl	publisher	Odhams Press
Girl	publisher	IPC Media
Angel Angel	publisher	Viking Press
Alfred and Emily	publisher	Harper Collins
The Sweetest Dream	publisher	Harper Collins
Glaring Through Oblivion	publisher	HarperCollins
Renegade Ops	publisher	Sega
The Stars in the Bright Sky	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Stars in the Bright Sky	publisher	Vintage Books
Maka Maka	publisher	Sigma Enterprises
Player's Secrets of Binsada	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Sword of Roele	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Something Wild	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Den of Thieves	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Bleak House: The Death of Rudolph van Richten	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Psionic Artifacts of Athas	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Secrets of Baruk-Azhik	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Legends of the Hero-Kings	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Secrets of Halskapa	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Undermountain: Maddgoth's Castle	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Secrets of Khourane	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Idea no Hi	publisher	Shouei System
Heroes & Generals	publisher	Reto-Moto
Labor Day	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Secret of the Nagas	publisher	Westland Press
Werewolf: The Last Warrior	publisher	Data East
Werewolf: The Last Warrior	publisher	Takara
Mystery Case Files: The Malgrave Incident	publisher	Nintendo
Shin Megami Tensei IV	publisher	Atlus
Sementes no Gelo	publisher	Novo Século .
The Paperboy	publisher	Delta
Fly Fishing	publisher	J. M. Dent and Co., London
As Cool as I Am	publisher	Picador
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
Fairyland	publisher	Tor.com
Fairyland	publisher	Feiwel & Friends
Fairyland	publisher	Constable & Robinson
On Social Freedom	publisher	Archibald Constable & Co. Ltd.
Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing	publisher	Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology and Association for Computing Machinery
Poor Economics	publisher	PublicAffairs
A Secret Life	publisher	Skyhorse Publishing
What Did the Ancient Israelites Eat%3F	publisher	William B. Eerdmans
Physics of Life Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
Physics of Plasmas	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Nancy Drew: Alibi in Ashes	publisher	Her Interactive
Briefings in Bioinformatics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Nanotechnology	publisher	IOP Publishing
Nano Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Nanoscale Research Letters	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Invizimals: The Lost Tribes	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Next What's In	publisher	CAS Research Wing
Galaga Legions DX	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Impro: Improvisation and the Theatre	publisher	Faber and Faber
Robots and Changelings	publisher	Ballantine Books
Three Dimensional E.C. Classics	publisher	EC Comics
Tail to Nose	publisher	Video System
Gravity Rush	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Oreshura	publisher	SoftBank Creative
Oreshura	publisher	Square Enix
Oreshura	publisher	Square Enix
Out of This World	publisher	Avalon Books
The Journal of Legislative Studies	publisher	Routledge
Fightin' Air Force	publisher	Charlton Comics
Double in Space	publisher	Doubleday
Double in Space	publisher	Boardman Books
Pathfinder	publisher	Simon Pulse
How Soon Is Never	publisher	Three Rivers Press
Columbia & Britannia	publisher	Fourth Horseman Press
And the Land Lay Still	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Koimoku	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Journal of Business and Technical Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Mathematical Psychology	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Pakistan Medical Association	publisher	Pakistan Medical Association
My Driver	publisher	Telegram Books
American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics	publisher	Elsevier
Swift	publisher	Hulton Press
Swift	publisher	Odhams Press
The Astounding Science Fiction Anthology	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ang Lihim ng Isang Pulo	publisher	Sampaguita Press
International Political Sociology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the International Studies Association
Voyeurs & Savages	publisher	Anvil Publishing, Inc.
Tuttuki Bako	publisher	Bandai
Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies	publisher	Taylor and Francis
My Sad Republic	publisher	Philippine Centennial Commission, the University of the Philippines Press, and the UP Creative Writing Center
Of Whom the World was Not Worthy	publisher	Bethany House Publishing
Frogger 3D	publisher	Konami
The Hunt for Red October	publisher	Argus Press Software Ltd.
Jamestown: Legend of the Lost Colony	publisher	Final Form Games
No Moon Tonight	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Realm of the Mad God	publisher	Deca Games
Fireflood and Other Stories	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Loaded Questions	publisher	All Things Equal
An Embarrassment of Riches	publisher	Philippine Centennial Commission, the University of the Philippines Press, and the UP Creative Writing Center
The Politics of Nonviolent Action	publisher	Porter Sargent
Ultimate Fallout	publisher	Ultimate Marvel
Technical Communication Quarterly	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Association of Teachers of Technical Writing
The Hunt for Red October	publisher	Grandslam Interactive Ltd.
Radium, and other radioactive substances	publisher	David Van Nostrand
Dial H	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Information Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of the Electrochemical Society	publisher	Electrochemical Society
Ace Combat: Assault Horizon Legacy	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild	publisher	Nintendo
Revista Colombiana de Estadistica	publisher	National University of Colombia
Metal	publisher	Magendra
The Minor Planet Bulletin	publisher	Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers
Mitya's Love	publisher	Sovremennye Zapiski
Neurosurgery	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Death by China	publisher	Pearson Prentice Hall
Higanbana no Saku Yoru ni	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Asian Journal of International Law	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Private Lives of the Three Tenors	publisher	Birch Lane/Carol Publishing
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy	publisher	Square Enix
Beyond the Labyrinth	publisher	Konami
James Pond in the Deathly Shallows	publisher	HPN Associates
Castle Richmond	publisher	Chapman and Hall
Red Kayak	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Filosofický časopis	publisher	Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic
Champion Jockey: G1 Jockey & Gallop Racer	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Juloos	publisher	Bharatiya Jnanpith
Biological Psychology	publisher	Elsevier
Take Yutaka G1 Memory	publisher	Kaga Create
Actual air	publisher	Open City
Double Dexter	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Penguindrum	publisher	Gentosha
Nezavisimiy Psikhiatricheskiy Zhurnal	publisher	Independent Psychiatric Association of Russia
Solstice Wood	publisher	Ace Books
I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Children of Wonder	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Harimau! Harimau!	publisher	Pustaka Jaya
Norsk Militært Tidsskrift	publisher	Oslo Militære Samfund
Jalan Tak Ada Ujung	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Jalan Tak Ada Ujung	publisher	Pustaka Jaya
Jalan Tak Ada Ujung	publisher	Yayasan Obor Indonesia
Ikenie no Yoru	publisher	Marvelous Entertainment
Senja di Jakarta	publisher	Hutchinson
Senja di Jakarta	publisher	Pustaka Jaya
Senja di Jakarta	publisher	Yayasan Obor Indonesia
World Series Baseball 2K3	publisher	Sega
Ultimate Comics: X-Men	publisher	Ultimate Marvel
Armored Fist 3	publisher	NovaLogic
Suburbia	publisher	Straight Arrow Press
Battleground Telangana: Chronicle of an Agitation	publisher	Harper Collins
Dusty Answer	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Dusty Answer	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Report of the Secretary-General's Panel of Experts on Accountability in Sri Lanka	publisher	United Nations
R-15	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
R-15	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Der Wahrheitsfreund	publisher	Benziger Brothers
The Hypnotist	publisher	Albert Bonniers Förlag
The Hypnotist	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
European Journal of International Law	publisher	Oxford University Press
Jordens herrar	publisher	Karneval Förlag
Double-J	publisher	Kodansha
Science-Fiction Adventures in Dimension	publisher	Vanguard Press
Priamus	publisher	Centre for Entomological Studies
The Masters	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Batman: Death of Innocents	publisher	DC Comics
Croisée in a Foreign Labyrinth	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Kew Bulletin	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
Superman: Deadly Legacy	publisher	DC Comics
Crimson Alliance	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Superman and Wonder Woman: The Hidden Killer	publisher	DC Comics
Nekogami Yaoyorozu	publisher	Akita Shoten
Robo Rampage	publisher	Miniclip
YuruYuri	publisher	Ichijinsha
YuruYuri	publisher	Ichijinsha
European Review for Medical and Pharmacological Sciences	publisher	Verduci Editore
Kaitō Tenshi Twin Angel	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Richard Temple	publisher	HarperCollins
Richard Temple	publisher	W.W. Norton & Co
T.o.night	publisher	584
Star Cruiser	publisher	Arsys Software
Star Cruiser	publisher	Masaya
Star Cruiser	publisher	Namco
Super Kyotei	publisher	Nichibutsu
Nakajima Satoru F-1 Hero '94	publisher	Varie
Earth Seeker	publisher	Enterbrain
Atlántida	publisher	Editorial Atlántida
Ben-To	publisher	Shueisha
New York University Journal of International Law and Politics	publisher	New York University School of Law
Satoru Nakajima F-1 Hero 2	publisher	Varie
Chihayafuru	publisher	Kodansha
Chihayafuru	publisher	Kodansha
Recovery Road	publisher	Scholastic Books
The Tower at Stony Wood	publisher	Ace Books
Desperate Characters	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Ring of Fire III	publisher	Baen Books
Get Rich Click	publisher	Razor Media Group
Nora to Toki no Kōbō: Kiri no Mori no Majo	publisher	Atlus
Arcade Classics	publisher	Namco
Untold Story	publisher	Scribner
Tía Vicenta	publisher	El Mundo
Hard Reset	publisher	Flying Wild Hog
Hard Reset	publisher	Gambitious Digital Entertainment
Telangana: The State of Affairs	publisher	AdEd Value Ventures, Hyderabad
Cursed Days	publisher	Vozrozhdenye
Cursed Days	publisher	Petropolis
Cursed Days	publisher	Ivan R. Dee Publishers
This Is Water	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Looking Forward	publisher	Beechhurst Publishing
Coron Land	publisher	Yumedia
Coppelion	publisher	Kodansha
Guilty Crown	publisher	Square Enix
Guilty Crown	publisher	Nitroplus
Guilty Crown	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Finn the Half-Great	publisher	Tundra Books
Phi Brain: Puzzle of God	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Smurfs	publisher	Ubisoft
Kimi to Boku	publisher	Square Enix
Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ridge Racer	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Shōnin yo Taishi wo Idake!!	publisher	Bandai
Ruin Arm	publisher	Bandai
Paleontological Journal	publisher	MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica in collaboration with Springer Science+Business Media
Captain America	publisher	Marvel Comics
Traction City	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Dishonored	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
A Mirror for Observers	publisher	Doubleday
Tōge Densetsu: Saisoku Battle	publisher	Blue Planet Software
Infection	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
In the Garden of Beasts	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Otomedius Excellent	publisher	Konami
Essays in the Philosophy of Humanism	publisher	American Humanist Association
Pacing and Clinical Electrophysiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Internal Medicine	publisher	Japanese Society of Internal Medicine
The New Improved Sun	publisher	Harper & Row
PlanetSide 2	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
Pakistaniaat	publisher	University of North Texas
Active Life: Explorer	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
A Song for Lya	publisher	Avon Books
The Infinity Box	publisher	Harper & Row
Nage Libre: Seijaku no Suishin	publisher	Varie
Light Fantasy II	publisher	Tonkin House
Asylum	publisher	Random House
Light Fantasy	publisher	Tonkin House
An Evening of Long Goodbyes	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Painted Garden	publisher	William Collins, Sons
ABI Technik	publisher	De Gruyter
Blood & Thunder: The Life & Art of Robert E. Howard	publisher	MonkeyBrain Books
Gaia Saver	publisher	Banpresto
ABC-Zeitung	publisher	*Volk und Wissen \n*
ABC-Zeitung	publisher	Junge Welt
ABC-Zeitung	publisher	*Verlags-Union Pabel-Moewig
IDEA: The Intellectual Property Law Review	publisher	University of New Hampshire School of Law
The Exultant Ark	publisher	University of California Press
Panic in Nakayoshi World	publisher	Bandai
Rejoice: Aretha Ōkoku no Kanata	publisher	Yanoman
Sanarara	publisher	NekoNeko Soft
Varieties of Capitalism	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Promise: President Obama, Year One	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Bourne Dominion	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Jasoosi Digest	publisher	Jasoosi Digest Publications
Kiran Digest	publisher	Karachi
Infection, Genetics and Evolution	publisher	Elsevier
Old English Newsletter	publisher	University of Tennessee
Warship International	publisher	International Naval Research Organization
Pan American Journal of Public Health	publisher	Pan American Health Organization
Biomedical Materials	publisher	IOP Publishing
Biofabrication	publisher	IOP Publishing
Journal of the British Astronomical Association	publisher	British Astronomical Association
Dunjunz	publisher	Bug-Byte
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3	publisher	Capcom
El Norte	publisher	Ignacio Mijares
Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation	publisher	Tarcher
The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories	publisher	Redbook
The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories	publisher	Random House
MapleStory Adventures	publisher	Nexon Korea Corporation
AC-130: Operation Devastation	publisher	ValuSoft
Family Guy Online	publisher	20
Fallout: Brotherhood of Steel 2	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Kachō Kōsaku Shima: Super Business Adventure	publisher	Yutaka
The State of Australia's Birds	publisher	Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union
Kidō Keisatsu Patlabor	publisher	Bandai Visual
California Management Review	publisher	University of California Press
Journal of Educational Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Ars Disputandi	publisher	Igitur Publishing
Destination: Universe!	publisher	Pellegrini & Cudahy
Applied Spectroscopy	publisher	Society for Applied Spectroscopy
Victorian Undead	publisher	Wildstorm
Coilhouse	publisher	Nadya Lev
Ultra League	publisher	Yutaka
The Someday Funnies	publisher	Abrams Books
Annals of Physics	publisher	Elsevier
My Wicked, Wicked Ways	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
My Wicked, Wicked Ways	publisher	Cooper Square Press
My Wicked, Wicked Ways	publisher	Aurum Press
Megaprojects and Risk	publisher	Cambridge University Press
IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices	publisher	IEEE Electron Devices Society
The Enterprise of Law	publisher	Pacific Research Institute
Hades 2	publisher	Espaço Informática
Daytripper	publisher	Vertigo
Recollections of a Bleeding Heart	publisher	Random House Australia
Unfinished Business: Paul Keating's Interrupted Revolution	publisher	Scribe Publications
Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase	publisher	THQ
Black Mamba Boy	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Nintendo Video	publisher	Nintendo
Chungara	publisher	Departamento de Antropología
Kung Fu Panda 2	publisher	THQ
SOL: Exodus	publisher	Seamless Entertainment
SOL: Exodus	publisher	Headup Games
Suicide	publisher	Gallimard
European Transactions on Telecommunications	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Resident Evil: Mercenaries Vs.	publisher	Capcom
The Closing of the Western Mind	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Petrified Planet	publisher	Twayne
Conan the Barbarian	publisher	Del Rey Books
Conan the Barbarian	publisher	Berkley Books
Cell Biology International	publisher	Portland Press
The Smurfs Dance Party	publisher	Ubisoft
The Art of Nijinsky	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Journal of Higher Education Outreach and Engagement	publisher	University of Georgia
On Canaan's Side	publisher	Faber and Faber
Marvel Super Hero Squad: Comic Combat	publisher	THQ
Marvel Super Hero Squad: Comic Combat	publisher	Vivendi Games
Tectonophysics	publisher	Elsevier
Cosmic Wartoad	publisher	Ocean Software
Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization	publisher	Elsevier
International Journal of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science	publisher	University of Zielona Góra and Lubuskie Scientific Society
Cambridge Journal of Economics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Spriggan Powered	publisher	Kaga Create
Zoologischer Anzeiger	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Transport and Land Use	publisher	University of Minnesota
Men, Microscopes, and Living Things	publisher	Viking Press
Tamil Tigress	publisher	Allen & Unwin
AIP Conference Proceedings	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Aboriginal History	publisher	Aboriginal History, Australian National University
Journal of Economic Issues	publisher	M. E. Sharpe
Baha'i Studies Review	publisher	Intellect on behalf of the Association for Bahá'í Studies
Switched	publisher	Self-publishing
Switched	publisher	St. Martin's Press
European Economic Review	publisher	Elsevier
World and Town	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Banking and Finance	publisher	Elsevier
Revolution	publisher	Delacorte Press
One Christmas	publisher	Random House
A Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English	publisher	Routledge
The Marriage Plot	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Science Reporter	publisher	Council of Scientific and Industrial Research
The Ice Princess	publisher	Harper Collins
First Lutheran hymnal	publisher	*
First Lutheran hymnal	publisher	Martin Luther
First Lutheran hymnal	publisher	Paul Speratus
Fancies and Goodnights	publisher	Doubleday Books
Space Hunter	publisher	Kemco
Nagagutsu o Haita Neko: Sekai Isshū 80 Nichi Dai Bōken	publisher	Toei Animation
Muelleria	publisher	Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne
Orbit 1	publisher	Berkley Medallion
Aighina no Yogen: From the Legend of Balubalouk	publisher	Vic Tokai
Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power	publisher	World Scientific
Hottāman no Chitei Tanken	publisher	Use
Seikima II Akuma no Gyakushū!	publisher	Sony Music Entertainment Japan
International Journal of Insect Science	publisher	Libertas Academica
She Returns to the Floating World	publisher	Kitsune Books
Born of Man and Woman	publisher	Chamberlain Press
The Beginning of Infinity	publisher	Penguin Books
The Beginning of Infinity	publisher	Viking Press
The Power of Six	publisher	HarperCollins
Dragon Scroll	publisher	Konami
Torn	publisher	Self-publishing
Torn	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Legendary Wars: T-Rex Rumble	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Jelly Boy	publisher	Ocean Software
The Unlikely Voyage of Jack de Crow	publisher	Black Inc.
Pro Sport Hockey	publisher	Jaleco
Meditsinskaya Tekhnika	publisher	• The International Science and Technology Society for Instrumentation and Metrology Engineers ;
Meditsinskaya Tekhnika	publisher	• Springer Science+Business Media
The Best of Stanley G. Weinbaum	publisher	Ballantine Books
Journal of Cross-Cultural Gerontology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
No Greater Love	publisher	Dell Publishing
Annals of Otology, Rhinology, and Laryngology	publisher	Annals Publishing Company
Endgame: Singularity	publisher	EMH Software
Nicktoons: Movin'	publisher	THQ
Berkeley Journal of International Law	publisher	UC Berkeley School of Law
Higepiyo	publisher	Shueisha
I Love You	publisher	Charlton Comics
Antonov Apples	publisher	Zhiznh magazine
Antonov Apples	publisher	Saint Petersburg
Earthgrip	publisher	The Easton Press
Heart Throbs	publisher	Quality Comics
Heart Throbs	publisher	DC Comics
Critical Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
One Good Turn	publisher	Doubleday
The Texas-Israeli War: 1999	publisher	Ballantine Books
Sora no Otoshimono Forte: Dreamy Season	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Tip and Trade	publisher	ECW Press
Little Deviants	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Jamayah: Adventures on the Path of Return	publisher	Global Village Publishing
Ethical Oil: The Case for Canada's Oil Sands	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Manchester United Championship Soccer	publisher	Ocean Software
Biokhimiya	publisher	Interperiodica
Current Alzheimer Research	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Metal Gear Solid HD Collection	publisher	Konami
Borderlands 2	publisher	2
Johnny Test	publisher	505
The Two Pound Tram	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Gunsmoke Western	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Silo	publisher	Facts Media House
Current Molecular Medicine	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Current Gene Therapy	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Tiny Tower	publisher	NimbleBit
Viewpoint	publisher	93
Current Cancer Drug Targets	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Current Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
American Desperado	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Current Topics in Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
The Open Clinical Chemistry Journal	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
The Open Ecology Journal	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Open Hematology Journal	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
The Rider	publisher	Ace Books
Inside Scientology: The Story of America's Most Secretive Religion	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Mardock Scramble	publisher	Hayakawa Publishing
Mardock Scramble	publisher	Kodansha
A New Beginning	publisher	Lace International Ltd
The Psychopath Test	publisher	Picador
The Psychopath Test	publisher	Riverhead Books
Blades of Time	publisher	Konami
Blades of Time	publisher	Gaijin Entertainment
Strange Suspense Stories	publisher	Fawcett Comics
Strange Suspense Stories	publisher	Charlton Comics
Human%3F	publisher	Lion Books
Blood's Voice	publisher	Geas Publishing
Conviction	publisher	Del Rey Books
F-1 Spirit	publisher	Konami
Ascension	publisher	Del Rey Books
Apocalypse	publisher	Del Rey Books
Science, Order, and Creativity	publisher	Bantam Books / Routledge
Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation	publisher	Vanguard Press
NASCAR Unleashed	publisher	Activision
The Fat Years	publisher	Transworld Publishers
ISKCON Communications Journal	publisher	International Society for Krishna Consciousness
Cytoskeleton	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Evolutionary Anthropology	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Collateral Karma	publisher	Dog Ear Publishing
Genesis	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Black Canary	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Orthopaedic Research	publisher	Wiley-Liss on behalf of the Orthopaedic Research Society
Fizz	publisher	Zedess Publishing
The Magic of Reality	publisher	Bantam Press
The Magic of Reality	publisher	Free Press
La Presidenta	publisher	Editorial Sudamericana
Journal of Experimental Zoology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Azab dan Sengsara	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Open Biology	publisher	Royal Society
The Adventures of Shuggy	publisher	Valcon Games
Acne Paper	publisher	Acne Studios
The Magician King	publisher	Viking Press
The Magician King	publisher	Penguin Books
Molecular Reproduction and Development	publisher	Wiley-Liss
Journal of Morphology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
UEFA Euro 2004	publisher	EA Sports
CommLaw Conspectus	publisher	Catholic University of America
CommLaw Conspectus	publisher	Columbus School of Law
Dread Dominion	publisher	Virgin Books
The Medusa Seed	publisher	Virgin Books
Deathmasques	publisher	Virgin Books
The Savage Amusement	publisher	Virgin Books
The Hundredfold Problem	publisher	Virgin Books
The Hundredfold Problem	publisher	BeWrite Books
Cursed Earth Asylum	publisher	Virgin Books
My Little Pony Crystal Princess: The Runaway Rainbow	publisher	THQ
Dreddlocked	publisher	Virgin Books
Silencer	publisher	Virgin Books
Wetworks	publisher	Virgin Books
Listen to Me, Girls. I Am Your Father!	publisher	Shueisha
Kung Fu Panda World	publisher	DreamWorks Animation
Journal of Continuing Education in Nursing	publisher	Slack Journals
Salon Fantastique	publisher	Thunder's Mouth Press
The Mighty Marvel Western	publisher	Marvel Comics
Lifelines	publisher	Dartmouth Medical School
Sitti Nurbaya	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Fed Up!	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Hellboy: The Storm and the Fury	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Hawken	publisher	Meteor Entertainment
Hawken	publisher	505
Masters of the Maze	publisher	Pyramid Books
Kill Me Baby	publisher	Houbunsha
Psykogeddon	publisher	Black Flame
Kumatanchi	publisher	Dimple Entertainment
The Romance of Yachting	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Immortal: The Invisible War	publisher	Precedence Entertainment
Immortal: The Invisible War	publisher	Jikkarro Enterprises
Gears of War: Coalition's End	publisher	Simon & Schuster
In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays	publisher	Routledge
Doki Majo Plus	publisher	SNK Playmore
Western Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Trese	publisher	Alamat Comics
Trese	publisher	Visual Print Enterprises
Media Piracy in Emerging Economies	publisher	Social Science Research Council
Canadian Journal of Gastroenterology & Hepatology	publisher	Pulsus Group
Canadian Journal of Infectious Diseases & Medical Microbiology	publisher	Pulsus Group
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive	publisher	Valve Corporation
The Scent of Rain in the Balkans	publisher	1986
Battle Chess: Game of Kings	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Bad Moon Rising	publisher	Black Flame
Planet of the Symbiotes	publisher	Marvel Comics
Kingdom of the Blind	publisher	Black Flame
Venom	publisher	Marvel Comics
Gears of War: The Slab	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dungeons & Dragons	publisher	IDW Publishing
Dredd Vs Death	publisher	Black Flame
The Final Cut	publisher	Black Flame
The Cutting Room	publisher	Canongate Books
Interplay Discovery	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Black Atlantic	publisher	Black Flame
Eclipse	publisher	Black Flame
Whiteout	publisher	Black Flame
Baby-Sitting Is a Dangerous Job	publisher	Macmillan Publishing Company
Halo: Cryptum	publisher	Tor Books
IRIS Magazine	publisher	Parnell Publications
After the divorce	publisher	Roux e Viarengo
Haunted Love	publisher	Charlton Comics
Football Manager 2012	publisher	Sega
Path of Exile	publisher	Grinding Gear Games
Swine Fever	publisher	Black Flame
The Society for the Study of the Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States	publisher	University of Connecticut on behalf of The Society for the Study of the Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States
Across the Universe	publisher	Razorbill
The Omen Machine	publisher	Tor Books
The Lost Stories	publisher	Random House
The Lost Stories	publisher	Gottmer
The Modern Reader's Japanese-English Character Dictionary	publisher	C. E. Tuttle Co.
ACM Transactions on Computational Biology and Bioinformatics	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and Association for Computing Machinery
Developmental Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Comix Book	publisher	Marvel Comics
Comix Book	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Men of War: Vietnam	publisher	1
Canadian Respiratory Journal	publisher	Pulsus Group
Veterinary Immunology and Immunopathology	publisher	Elsevier
The History of Orkney Literature	publisher	Birlinn Limited
Fritz Chess	publisher	Koch Media
Paediatrics & Child Health	publisher	Pulsus Group
3D Pixel Racing	publisher	Microforum Games
J-League Jikkyō Winning Eleven 97	publisher	Konami
King Golf	publisher	Shogakukan
Natsuko's Sake	publisher	Kodansha
IZOMBIE	publisher	Vertigo
Hatsukoi Scandal	publisher	Shogakukan
Parallel Kingdom	publisher	
Plastic Surgery	publisher	Pulsus Group
Resistance: Burning Skies	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Galaga Remix	publisher	Namco Bandai
Drop7	publisher	Zynga
FIFA Street	publisher	EA Sports
Tekken 3D: Prime Edition	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Oath of the Vayuputras	publisher	Westland Press
SkyDrift	publisher	Digital Reality
SkyDrift	publisher	Namco Bandai Partners
Warspear Online	publisher	AIGRIND LLC
Clinics in Dermatology	publisher	Elsevier
Gesundheit!	publisher	Konami
Dermatology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Walkers	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Quintana Roo	publisher	Hamlyn
Lies That Chelsea Handler Told Me	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Clix	publisher	WizKids
Nemesis	publisher	Momen Publishing House
Getting Even	publisher	Random House
Shattered	publisher	HarperCollins
Tarzan: The Greystoke Legacy	publisher	*
Tarzan: The Greystoke Legacy	publisher	Faber and Faber
Tarzan: The Greystoke Legacy	publisher	Open Road Media
Theodore P. Savas	publisher	Savas Beatie
Other Electricities	publisher	Sarabande Books
Fantasia Mathematica	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Boys' Love Manga	publisher	McFarland & Company
Botany in a Day	publisher	HOPS Press, LLC
Eensy Weensy Monster	publisher	Hakusensha
Boyracers	publisher	Polygon Books
Infamous: Festival of Blood	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Machine Man	publisher	Vintage Books
Valtric	publisher	Jaleco
My Name Is Memory	publisher	Riverhead Books
IEEE Transactions on Education	publisher	IEEE Education Society
The Giant Under The Snow	publisher	Hutchinson
The Giant Under The Snow	publisher	Harper & Row
Australian Law Journal	publisher	Thomson Reuters
India's Global Powerhouses	publisher	Harvard Business Press
Nonviolence: The History of a Dangerous Idea	publisher	Modern Library Chronicles, division of Random House
Strange Son	publisher	Penguin Books
The Weapon	publisher	Baen Books
Cry of the Kalahari	publisher	Robert Hartnoll Limited
What of the Mormons%3F	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
European Journal of Women's Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Ship of Ishtar	publisher	Argosy All-Story Weekly
The Ship of Ishtar	publisher	Argosy
The Ship of Ishtar	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Honor in Vengeance II	publisher	MichaelArts
Heaven Is for Real	publisher	Thomas Nelson
O Terceiro Travesseiro	publisher	Edições GLS
The Vicar of Bullhampton	publisher	Bradbury and Evans
Matched	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Delirium	publisher	HarperCollins
Crossed	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Local Color	publisher	Random House
Inu x Boku SS	publisher	Square Enix
Personal Demons	publisher	Tor Books
The Glamour Chase	publisher	BBC Books
Childhood	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Norwegian Centre for Child Research
A Tree of Night and Other Stories	publisher	Random House
Before I Go to Sleep	publisher	Doubleday
Before I Go to Sleep	publisher	HarperCollins
Apothecarius Argentum	publisher	Akita Shoten
Flowers in the Sand	publisher	Penkelly Books
Human & Experimental Toxicology	publisher	Sage Publications
Ethnicities	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Planet on the Table	publisher	Tor Books
Gradius III and IV	publisher	Konami
Current Issues in Education	publisher	Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College
Live and Let Die	publisher	Domark Software
Walt Disney's Story Land: 55 Favorite Stories	publisher	Little Golden Books
Maggie Goes on a Diet	publisher	Aloha Publishers
Love, Election and Chocolate	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Love, Election and Chocolate	publisher	Shogakukan
Quantum Conundrum	publisher	Square Enix
Cultural Geographies	publisher	Sage Publications
Conan the Renegade	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Raider	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Unconquered	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Free Lance	publisher	Tor Books
Conan and the Treasure of Python	publisher	Tor Books
Conan and the Amazon	publisher	Tor Books
Keane of Kalgoorlie	publisher	Sunday Times Newspaper Company
Longfeng Baochai Yuan	publisher	Ta Kung Pao
Finance & Development	publisher	International Monetary Fund
Another War	publisher	Cenega
La Presqu’île	publisher	José Corti
Huijian Xinmo	publisher	Ta Kung Pao
Jisei	publisher	sakevisual
That Used to Be Us	publisher	Picador
RE: Alistair	publisher	Sakevisual
Letters from the Afterworld	publisher	Dog Ear Publishing
RollerCoaster Tycoon 3D	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Eliminator Boat Duel	publisher	Electro Brain
Jimmy Page by Jimmy Page	publisher	Genesis Publications
Freedom	publisher	Doubleday Publishing
Self-Constitution	publisher	Oxford University Press
Critique of Anthropology	publisher	Sage Publications
Clinical Rehabilitation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Current Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications
Light Novel no Tanoshii Kakikata	publisher	GA Bunko
The Testament of Sherlock Holmes	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Economic & Industrial Democracy	publisher	Sage Publications
Explorers of the New Century	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Explorers of the New Century	publisher	Mariner Books
Clinical Trials	publisher	SAGE Publications
Programming the Z80	publisher	Sybex
Journal of Grid Computing	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Top Players' Tennis	publisher	Asmik Ace Entertainment
Space Defender	publisher	Bel-Air Software
Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Screwtop Thompson	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing Plc
Ready Player One	publisher	Random House
Ab Har Shaam Niraali Hogi	publisher	ARS Publishers
Batman: Arkham City	publisher	DC Comics
Articles of Faith	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Great Apostasy	publisher	Deseret News
Silver Star	publisher	Pacific Comics
Silver Star	publisher	Topps Comics
Silver Star	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
The House of the Lord	publisher	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Under Grand Hotel	publisher	Sanwa Publishing
Under Grand Hotel	publisher	Futabasha
The Ultimate Rush	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Critical Social Policy	publisher	SAGE Publications
China Information	publisher	Sage Publications
Tales of Ghost Castle	publisher	DC Comics
BrainPipe	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Mathematics: The Loss of Certainty	publisher	Oxford University Press
Anthropology in Action	publisher	Berghahn Books
The Last Space Viking	publisher	Pequod Press
The Magnificent Nose and Other Marvels	publisher	Allen & Unwin
In My Time: A Personal and Political Memoir	publisher	Simon & Schuster
You Can't See 'Round Corners	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Anthropology of the Middle East	publisher	Berghahn Books
Anthropological Journal of European Cultures	publisher	Berghahn Books
3D Maze Man: Amazing Adventures	publisher	eGames,  Inc.
Revolution is Not a Dinner Party	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
The Book of Snobs	publisher	Punch
Rhythm Thief & the Emperor's Treasure	publisher	Sega
The Jazz Theory Book	publisher	Sher Music
Journal of Personal Selling & Sales Management	publisher	M. E. Sharpe
Durkheimian Studies	publisher	Berghahn Books
Red Hood and the Outlaws	publisher	DC Comics
European Judaism	publisher	Berghahn Books in association with the Leo Baeck College and the Michael Goulston Education Foundation
Focaal	publisher	Berghahn Books
French Politics, Culture & Society	publisher	Berghahn Books
West African Pilot	publisher	Nnamdi Azikiwe
The Great Stagnation	publisher	Dutton Adult
The 50 Most Extreme Places in Our Solar System	publisher	Belknap Press of Harvard University Press
How Firm a Foundation	publisher	Tor Books
The Baconing	publisher	Electronic Arts
Action Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Houston Journal of International Law	publisher	University of Houston Law Center
Absolutely American	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Traces of Catastrophe	publisher	Lunar and Planetary Institute
X-Men: Regenesis	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sherlock Holmes and the Mystery of Osborne House	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Recorder and Randsell	publisher	Takeshobo
The Modern Schoolman	publisher	Saint Louis University, Dept. of Philosophy
The Wizard and the Witch	publisher	Candlewick Press
Echoes	publisher	Top Cow
The Secret Notes of Lady Kanoko	publisher	Hakusensha
The Principles of Quantum Mechanics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Imperial	publisher	Viking Books
Dillon's Rolling Western	publisher	Nintendo
Diamond Mine	publisher	MRM Software
Diamond Mine	publisher	Blue Ribbon
Ill Met by Moonlight	publisher	George G. Harrap and Co., Foyle's, Corgi, Time Life, Burford, Cassell, Folio Society, Efstathiadis, Paul Dry, Orion Publishing, Acantilado, Metaichmio
Edvard Grieg – mennesket og kunstneren	publisher	Aschehoug
The Lives of Animals	publisher	Princeton University Press
What the Night Knows	publisher	Bantam Books
An Incident at Krechetovka Station	publisher	Novy Mir , University of South Carolina Press
Reamde	publisher	William Morrow
Reamde	publisher	Atlantic Books
Jagger: Rebel, Rock Star, Rambler, Rogue	publisher	Gotham Books
Bowie: A Biography	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Too Much, Too Late	publisher	Three Rivers Press
We Got the Neutron Bomb	publisher	Three Rivers Press
God's Puzzle	publisher	Flex Comix
Ai to Makoto	publisher	Kodansha
E for Effort	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
Classic Volkswagens	publisher	Osprey Publishing
A Rough Passage	publisher	NSW Bookstall
Journal of Theoretical Politics	publisher	Sage Publications
Local Economy	publisher	SAGE Publications
Saint Seiya: Sanctuary Battle	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Sankarea: Undying Love	publisher	Kodansha
Discourse & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Discourse & Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
Discourse Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Word Worm	publisher	Hawk Industries, LLC.
The Third Reich	publisher	Anagrama
The Third Reich	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Kisei Jūi Suzune	publisher	Takeshobo
Chibi Devi!	publisher	Shogakukan
C3	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry
Honō no Dōkyūji: Dodge Danpei	publisher	Shogakukan
Feminism & Psychology	publisher	Sage Publications
Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
DJMax Technika 3	publisher	Pentavision
Green Farm	publisher	Gameloft
The Golden Lily	publisher	Razorbill
High Performance Polymers	publisher	Sage Publications
History of the Human Sciences	publisher	Sage Publications
Tres	publisher	Acantilado
Tres	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Conan and the Manhunters	publisher	Tor Books
The Holocene	publisher	SAGE Publications
Conan the Bold	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Rogue	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Marauder	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Champion	publisher	Tor Books
Social Movement Studies	publisher	Routledge
Children on Their Birthdays	publisher	Penguin
Founders at Work	publisher	Apress
Indiana Jones Adventure World	publisher	Zynga
Colliding Branes	publisher	Dell Magazines
Big Nate: On a Roll	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Price of Freedom	publisher	Disney Editions
Magical Diary	publisher	Hanako Games
Ushijima the Loan Shark	publisher	Shogakukan
Casual peeps at Sophia	publisher	Sindhi Adabi Board
The Ico & Shadow of the Colossus Collection	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Boys on the Run	publisher	Shogakukan
Gambler's Gold	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Alpha Polaris	publisher	Just a Game
Action Man: Robot Atak	publisher	Atari
Kirin	publisher	Shōnen Gahosha
The Art of Fielding	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Higanjima	publisher	Kodansha
Cherry Nights	publisher	Kodansha
The Dark Wheel	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Sengsara Membawa Nikmat	publisher	Balai Pustaka
The Well-Spoken Thesaurus	publisher	Sourcebooks
Tinhead	publisher	Ballistic
Tinhead	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
The Medusa Frequency	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Kono Sekai no Katasumi ni	publisher	Futabasha
Psychotherapy Research	publisher	Routledge
The Deportees and Other Stories	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Deportees and Other Stories	publisher	Viking Press
The Deportees and Other Stories	publisher	Knopf Canada
Terror and Liberalism	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Post Traumatic Slave Syndrome	publisher	Uptone Press
Otakus in Love	publisher	Enterbrain
Catan	publisher	Kosmos
Catan	publisher	Mayfair Games
Catan	publisher	Filosofia
Catan	publisher	999
Catan	publisher	Capcom
Catan	publisher	Smart
Catan	publisher	Κάισσα
Catan	publisher	Editora Devir
Catan	publisher	HaKubia
Catan	publisher	Grow Jogos e Brinquedos
Catan	publisher	Galakta
All Grown Up!: Express Yourself	publisher	THQ
Karnatakada Haridasaru	publisher	Parimala Research and Publishing House
The Sun	publisher	John Fairfax Holdings
Hilarity Ensues	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Gay Travel Guide for Tops and Bottoms	publisher	Icon Empire Press
The Flight from Woman	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Metaltech: Battledrome	publisher	Sierra On-Line
International Journal of Information Technology	publisher	Singapore Computer Society
Upworldly Mobile	publisher	Penguin Books
German Politics and Society	publisher	Berghahn Journals
Girlhood Studies	publisher	Berghahn Books
Methods of Information in Medicine	publisher	Schattauer Publishers
Historical Reflections	publisher	Berghahn Books
OMG-Z	publisher	Laughing Jackal
International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications	publisher	Sage Publications
Israel Studies Review	publisher	Berghahn Books
History of Psychiatry	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Educational Media, Memory, and Society	publisher	Berghahn Books
Indoor and Built Environment	publisher	Sage Publications
Dragon's Oath	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Wonderful O	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Three Cards to Dead Time	publisher	Big Finish Games
Escape from Thunder Island	publisher	Big Finish Games
Journal of Romance Studies	publisher	Berghahn Books
International Journal of Bilingualism	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Journal of Damage Mechanics	publisher	Sage Publications
Mario Tennis Open	publisher	Nintendo
Nature and Culture	publisher	Berghahn Books
The International Journal of Robotics Research	publisher	Sage Publications
International Social Work	publisher	SAGE Publications
Personal Computer Magazine	publisher	HUB Uitgevers
4 a.m.	publisher	Myriad Editions
Projections	publisher	Berghahn Books
Off Season	publisher	Ballantine Books
Innate Immunity	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the International Endotoxin & Innate Immunity Society
Sartre Studies International	publisher	Berghahn Books
Syndicate	publisher	Electronic Arts
Monster Hunter 4	publisher	Capcom
Paper & Printing Trades Journal	publisher	Field & Tuer
Fire Emblem Awakening	publisher	Nintendo
Little Red Cap	publisher	Picador
Conan the Valorous	publisher	Tor Books
Conan of Venarium	publisher	Tor Books
International Political Science Review	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the International Political Science Association
International Small Business Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Journal of Social Psychiatry	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications
God, No!	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Conan and the Emerald Lotus	publisher	Tor Books
All the Time in the World	publisher	Random House
Slovenska smer	publisher	Cankarjeva založba
On China	publisher	Penguin Press
Is Marriage for White People%3F	publisher	Dutton
British Journal of Educational Technology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Educational Research Association
Summer and the City	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
Energies	publisher	MDPI
Highland River	publisher	Canongate
Social Analysis	publisher	Berghahn Books
Young Art and Old Hector	publisher	Faber & Faber
Southwestern Entomologist	publisher	Society of Southwestern Entomologists
Missing Kissinger	publisher	Zmora Bitan
Wintermind	publisher	Doubleday Books
Cubixx HD	publisher	Laughing Jackal
Cubixx HD	publisher	Ghostlight
Journal of Biomaterials Applications	publisher	Sage Publications
The Masters of Solitude	publisher	Doubleday
Finanztest	publisher	Stiftung Warentest, Berlin
Phantom Breaker	publisher	5
Tits & Clits Comix	publisher	Nanny Goat Productions
Tits & Clits Comix	publisher	Last Gasp
Conan and the Grim Grey God	publisher	Tor Books
Conan and the Shaman's Curse	publisher	Tor Books
Epoch	publisher	Top Cow
Epoch	publisher	Heroes and Villains Entertainment
Netherworld	publisher	Top Cow
Netherworld	publisher	Heroes and Villains Entertainment
The Sims 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Cage of Eden	publisher	Kodansha
Sancak Beyi	publisher	Hoguma Entertainment
The Kellys and the O'Kellys	publisher	Colborn
Conan, Scourge of the Bloody Coast	publisher	Tor Books
St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture	publisher	Gale
The Blue Aura	publisher	Faber
Gears of War: Judgment	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Zumba Fitness 2	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Leedmees	publisher	Konami
Haunt	publisher	Microsoft Studios
In the Last Stride	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Introduction to Metaphysics	publisher	1984
Introduction to Metaphysics	publisher	2000
Introduction to Metaphysics	publisher	2014
Atlantis	publisher	Headline , Bantam Dell
Journal of European Consumer and Market Law	publisher	Verlag Oesterreich
The Litigators	publisher	Doubleday
The Litigators	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Necromancer	publisher	Synapse Software
DC Retroactive	publisher	DC Comics
The Knight in the Area	publisher	Kodansha
Kerbal Space Program	publisher	Squad
Tragedy of Hyderabad	publisher	Pakistan Co-operative Book Society
George and the Big Bang	publisher	Doubleday Children's Books
The Cases That Haunt Us	publisher	Scribner
Pedaling Revolution	publisher	Oregon State University Press
About Chekhov	publisher	Chekhov Publications
1493: Uncovering the New World Columbus Created	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Salmon Run	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Salmon Run	publisher	Showcase Software
Portions from a Wine-stained Notebook: Short Stories and Essays	publisher	City Lights
Gareth L. Powell	publisher	Elastic Press
Gareth L. Powell	publisher	Pendragon Press
Gareth L. Powell	publisher	Solaris Books
Hunting Eichmann	publisher	Mariner Books
Unfamiliar Fishes	publisher	Riverhead Books
Moonwalking with Einstein	publisher	Penguin Books
Crusader Gold	publisher	Headline , Bantam Dell
Vibes	publisher	Laughing Jackal
The UnderGarden	publisher	Atari
Batāshi Kingyo	publisher	Kodansha
Dungeon Hunter: Alliance	publisher	Gameloft
Dungeon Hunter: Alliance	publisher	Ubisoft
Lady Love	publisher	Kodansha
Ultimate Comics: The Ultimates	publisher	Ultimate Marvel
Fighting Fascism in Europe	publisher	Fordham University Press
Demon Knights	publisher	DC Comics
Parrot Carrot	publisher	Allen and Unwin
The Habitation of the Blessed	publisher	Night Shade Books
Flight Without a Tun	publisher	Bakur Sulakauri
The Last Gospel	publisher	Headline , Bantam Dell
Prince Serebrenni	publisher	Russky vestnik / Chapmann & Hall
A Very Private Gentleman	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Sengoku	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Layar Terkembang	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Conan the Indomitable	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Defiant	publisher	Tor Books
Conan the Fearless	publisher	Tor Books
Aishiteru: Kaiyō	publisher	Kodansha
Illusion and Reality	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Total Eclipse	publisher	Shrapnel Games
Super Family Gelände	publisher	Namco
Drum-Taps	publisher	Peter Eckler
More Notes of a Dirty Old Man	publisher	City Lights Bookstore
Saru Lock	publisher	Kodansha
The Tiger Warrior	publisher	Headline , Bantam Dell
Here Comes Trouble: Stories from My Life	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Classical Mechanics	publisher	Imperial College Press
Naval War: Arctic Circle	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Join the Bar	publisher	Universal Law Publishing Co. Pvt. Ltd.
Inorganica Chimica Acta	publisher	Elsevier
Monographic sketch of Sălaj County	publisher	Victoria, Șimleu Silvaniei
The Blackberry Bush	publisher	Summerside Press
Female	publisher	Vanguard Press
A King's Ransom	publisher	Scholastic
The Afrika Reich	publisher	Hodder & Staughton
The Hare with Amber Eyes	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Saman	publisher	Kepustakaan Populer Gramedia
Deflex	publisher	Llamasoft
GoatUp	publisher	Llamasoft
Where were you last Pluterday%3F	publisher	M=SF
Gokudō Meshi	publisher	Futabasha
A Nightmare on Elm Street	publisher	LJN
Sierra Championship Boxing	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Return of the Soldier	publisher	The Century Company
The Third Gate	publisher	Doubleday Publishing Group
Marching Men	publisher	John Lane Company, New York
Gunfighter II: Revenge of Jesse James	publisher	Ubisoft
Gunfighter: The Legend of Jesse James	publisher	Ubisoft
International Journal of Injury Control and Safety Promotion	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Miyazaki Maya Daizukan	publisher	Shinyusha
Gokujyo	publisher	Shueisha
Marked	publisher	St. Martin's
NJToday.net	publisher	Lisa McCormick
A Mind of Its Own: A Cultural History of the Penis	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Atlas of the DC Universe	publisher	Mayfair Games
The Jordan Rules	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Concerto	publisher	Hakusensha
Goliath	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Poyopoyo Kansatsu Nikki	publisher	Takeshobo
Public Relations Review	publisher	Elsevier
Rot & Ruin	publisher	Simon & Schuster
10,000 Dresses	publisher	Seven Stories Press
Journal of Civil Engineering and Management	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of Vilnius Gediminas Technical University and the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences
Betrayed	publisher	St. Martin's
Journal of Biosciences	publisher	Indian Academy of Sciences
Nonlinear Oscillations	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Wanna Be the Strongest in the World	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
The Last Storytellers: Tales from the Heart of Morocco	publisher	I.B. Tauris
Phantasmat	publisher	Codeminion
Beautiful Outlaw	publisher	Faith Words
Respiratory Care	publisher	American Association for Respiratory Care
Le Dernier Homme	publisher	Deterville
Conqueror	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Navigator	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Trust Me, I'm Dr. Ozzy	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Business India	publisher	Ashok Hotchand Advani
Sheerness Times Guardian	publisher	KM Group
Bed	publisher	Melville House Publishing
A Game of Thrones	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Inochi no Utsuwa	publisher	Akita Shoten
Midnight Sun	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Sword Art Online	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Sword Art Online	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Accel World	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Accel World	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Jennifer Love Hewitt's Music Box	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Cage	publisher	The Bodley Head
Annie Dunne	publisher	Penguin Books
Castlevania Puzzle: Encore of the Night	publisher	Konami
The Mask of Loki	publisher	Baen
The Year of Living Dangerously	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Mountain Is Young	publisher	Jonathan Cape
War of the Grail	publisher	Capcom
A Casa	publisher	Novo Século .
Chosen	publisher	St. Martin's
Warhammer 40,000: Kill Team	publisher	THQ
Romance of the Three Kingdoms 12	publisher	Koei
Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Utrecht Journal of International and European Law	publisher	Ubiquity Press
The Unconquered	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Iron Grip: Marauders	publisher	ISOTX
Crisis and Transformation in Seventeenth-Century China	publisher	University of Michigan Press
British Journal of Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Footnotes in Gaza	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Genkaku Picasso	publisher	Shueisha
Street Cleaning Simulator	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
The One Ring Roleplaying Game	publisher	Cubicle 7
Moteki	publisher	Kodansha
ABBA: You Can Dance	publisher	Ubisoft
Kingdom Under Fire: A War of Heroes	publisher	Gathering of Developers
Book of the Dead	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Book of the Dead	publisher	Berkley Books
Book of the Dead	publisher	Sphere Books
Death in the City of Light	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Awakened	publisher	St. Martin's
Trondheim byleksikon	publisher	Kunnskapsforlaget
Destined	publisher	St. Martin's
Vamos Lá!	publisher	Media Factory
Squish 'em	publisher	Sirius Software
The Pastor's Wife	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Father Ernetti's Chronovisor	publisher	New Paradigm Books
Supremacy MMA	publisher	505
The Night Circus	publisher	Doubleday
I'm Feeling Lucky	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
I'm Feeling Lucky	publisher	Penguin Books
The Proofreaders' Page and Other Uncollected Items	publisher	Galactic Central Publications
Los Angeles Stories	publisher	City Lights
In the Plex	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Hobby Horse	publisher	Chiswick Press
Straw	publisher	Alderac Entertainment Group, Evertide Games
Super Bonk	publisher	Hudson Soft
Shin Honkaku Mahō Shōjo Risuka	publisher	Kodansha Limited
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron	publisher	Activision
Final Stretch	publisher	LOZC G. Amusements
The Last of the Greats	publisher	Image Comics
The Song of the Quarkbeast	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Symphogear	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
De Avonden	publisher	De Bezige Bij
McKinsey's Marvin Bower	publisher	John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
My Little Pony: Pinkie Pie's Party	publisher	THQ
Tatja Grimm's World	publisher	Baen Books
The Rationalists	publisher	Oxford University Press
Leave it to PET!	publisher	Poplar Publishing
Dragon's Time	publisher	Del Rey Books
Dragongirl	publisher	Del Rey Books
Six Months in Mexico	publisher	American Publishers
Six Months in Mexico	publisher	New York City
Divergent	publisher	Katherine Tegen Books
Postsingular	publisher	Tor Books
My Little Pony: Twilight Sparkle, Teacher for a Day	publisher	Hasbro
Managing the Professional Service Firm	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Mark of Athena	publisher	Disney-Hyperion Books
Contes et nouvelles en vers	publisher	Claude Barbin
Welcome to the El-Palacio	publisher	Shogakukan
Classification des dialectes arméniens	publisher	Honoré Champion
A Common Story	publisher	1847
A Common Story	publisher	1906
Infinity Blade II	publisher	Epic Games
Young Thor	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Climate Capitalism	publisher	Hill and Wang
Bad Blood	publisher	Origin Systems
The Rich Boy	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Rochard	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment , Recoil Games
Speed Power Gunbike	publisher	Sony Music Entertainment
Two Sisters	publisher	Heinemann
Mantrap	publisher	Harcourt
Tarantula	publisher	Editions Gallimard
Blanche on the Lam	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Fatwa Girl	publisher	Hachette
Joe Danger 2: The Movie	publisher	Hello Games
Joe Danger 2: The Movie	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Grounding of Group 6	publisher	Avon Books c1983. First printing: Henry Holt & Co. c1997.
Cool Riders	publisher	Sega
Chivalry: Medieval Warfare	publisher	Torn Banner Studios
Chivalry: Medieval Warfare	publisher	Activision
The Hunter	publisher	Faber and Faber
Scribblenauts Remix	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
What Work Is	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Glittering Storm	publisher	BBC Audio
Kokoro Connect	publisher	Enterbrain
Kokoro Connect	publisher	Enterbrain
Kokoro Connect	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Siraj al-Tawarikh	publisher	Matba'e Hurufi'e Dar al-Saltanah, Kabul, Afghanistan
Evangelical Quarterly	publisher	Paternoster Press
Modelland	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers/
Modelland	publisher	Random House
France Dimanche	publisher	Hachette Filipacchi Médias
Vetus Testamentum	publisher	Brill Publishers
Academic Reform	publisher	McGill-Queen's University Press
Asia Journal of Theology	publisher	Association for Theological Education in South East Asia
Wake	publisher	Viking Press
The Great Khan Game	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Super Shot Soccer	publisher	Tecmo
Warriors Orochi 3	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation	publisher	Gameloft
7×7 Tales of a Sevensleeper	publisher	Verlag Nagel & Kimche
Transformers Comic UK	publisher	Titan Magazines
Kami Voice	publisher	Kodansha
Hitori Kumagai	publisher	Bungeishunju
The Children of the Sky	publisher	Tor Books
Sun Myung Moon and the Unification Church	publisher	Abingdon Press
Acacia: The Sacred Band	publisher	Doubleday
Layton Brothers: Mystery Room	publisher	Level-5
Steve Jobs	publisher	Simon & Schuster
South Park: Tenorman's Revenge	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Practical Astronomy with your Calculator	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Neverwinter	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
An Uncommon Story	publisher	The Russian Public library
French Cultural Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Curse: Cubs Win! Cubs Win! Or Do They%3F	publisher	Ascend Books
Sansara Naga	publisher	Victor Interactive Software
Wave Rally	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Washington Spectator	publisher	Hamilton Fish V
Perfect	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
Lagrange: The Flower of Rin-ne	publisher	Square Enix
Anxious Nation	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Watashi wa Shadow	publisher	Shueisha
Trinity Journal	publisher	Trinity Evangelical Divinity School
Social Psychology Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association
The Dead-Tossed Waves	publisher	Random House
The Sense of an Ending	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Sense of an Ending	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bodacious Space Pirates	publisher	Asahi Shimbun
Bodacious Space Pirates	publisher	Media Factory
Avedik	publisher	Armenian Catholic Patriarchate
Guild	publisher	Level-5
Hask	publisher	Holy See of Cilicia
What Will They Learn%3F	publisher	American Council of Trustees and Alumni
Between Barack and a Hard Place	publisher	City Lights Bookstore
NFL Blitz	publisher	EA Sports
Colorblind	publisher	City Lights Bookstore
A Dark Traveling	publisher	Walker and Company
GeoArabia	publisher	Gulf PetroLink
Scandinavian Journal of the Old Testament	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Psychology of Religion and Spirituality	publisher	American Psychological Association
Matadana	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara,Balepet,Bangalore.
Didaskalia	publisher	Providence College and Theological Seminary
Haifa Law Review	publisher	University of Haifa
Journal of Tort Law	publisher	Berkeley Electronic Press
Jadeed Adab	publisher	Haider Qureshi
Kashmir Udaas Hai	publisher	Al-Faisal Publishers
Near Death	publisher	Image Comics
The Loyal Traitor	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Pacifica	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of Pacifica Theological Studies Association
Pixie Hollow	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Tyndale Bulletin	publisher	Tyndale House
BCS: 50 Years	publisher	World Scientific
The Precipice	publisher	Vestnik Evropy
Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Winner-Take-All Politics	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bulletin for Biblical Research	publisher	Eisenbrauns
The Bridge to Neverland	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Roving Party	publisher	Allen & Unwin
High School DxD	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Great American Hall of Wonders	publisher	Washington, D.C. : Smithsonian American Art Museum ; London : In association with D Giles Ltd.
AKB49: Ren'ai Kinshi Jōrei	publisher	Kodansha
Conan the Victorious	publisher	Tor Books
AAPG Bulletin	publisher	American Association of Petroleum Geologists
Assignment in Tomorrow	publisher	Hanover House
World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Woman in the Mists	publisher	Warner Books
Desdemona	publisher	Oberon Books
Shining Blade	publisher	Sega
Foxe's Book of Martyrs	publisher	John Day
Sonus	publisher	Pozzi Escot
The Thirteenth Stone	publisher	BBC Audio
Children of Steel	publisher	BBC Audio
Judgement Day	publisher	BBC Audio
The Treasury of Science Fiction Classics	publisher	Hanover House
Non Serviam	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Other Place	publisher	Heinemann
Xtreme Sports	publisher	Infogrames
Xtreme Sports	publisher	Sega
Xtreme Sports	publisher	Empire Interactive
Swapnote	publisher	Nintendo
Madhouse	publisher	Editorial Llamoso
The Big Moo	publisher	Portfolio
Battle vs. Chess	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Battle vs. Chess	publisher	SouthPeak Games
ModNation Racers: Road Trip	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
A Woman For All Seasons	publisher	Bastei Lübbe
Planet Stronghold	publisher	Winter Wolves
Calvin Theological Journal	publisher	Calvin Theological Seminary
Skin Pharmacology and Physiology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Cageworld series	publisher	DAW Books
Biblica	publisher	Pontifical Biblical Institute
Madras on Rainy Days	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Churchman	publisher	Church Society
Kerux	publisher	Northwest Theological Seminary
Interpretation	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Union Presbyterian Seminary
Buddha Is As Buddha Does	publisher	HarperCollins
Empire Express	publisher	Penguin Books
New Zealand Woman's Weekly	publisher	Bauer Media
The Outcasts	publisher	Random House
The Outcasts	publisher	Philomel
The Heart of a Sunburned Land	publisher	Bastei Lubbe
Sunset over Eden	publisher	Bastei Lubbe
Another Kind	publisher	Ballantine Books
River of Fortune	publisher	Bastei Lübbe
Whispers in the Wind	publisher	Bastei Lübbe
Star Wars: Agent of the Empire	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Moths	publisher	Arte Publico Press
Continuing Education in Anaesthesia, Critical Care & Pain	publisher	Oxford University Press
Waifs and Strays	publisher	City Lights Bookstore
X-Men	publisher	Sega
You Have to Stop This	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
When the Emperor was Divine	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 – Defiance	publisher	Activision
Young Lonigan	publisher	Vanguard Press
Few Things Left Unsaid	publisher	keerthi publishing homes
Scrolls	publisher	Mojang
The Roving Shadows	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Brecht's Mistress	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
The Scortas' Sun	publisher	Actes Sud
Alabama Song	publisher	Mercure de France
The Patience Stone	publisher	P.O.L.
Three Strong Women	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Age of Openness	publisher	University of Hong Kong Press
CardMon Hero	publisher	HanbitSoft
Voltron: Defender of the Universe	publisher	THQ
Queen's Gate	publisher	Kenkyūsha
Trueman Bradley	publisher	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books, a division of St. Martin's Press
Deadliest Warrior: Legends	publisher	345
Deadliest Warrior: Legends	publisher	Spike
Akuma-kun	publisher	Kodansha
Akuma-kun	publisher	Shueisha
Excellence Without a Soul	publisher	PublicAffairs
Just Cause 3	publisher	Square Enix
The Cottage	publisher	Scandinavian PC Systems
Ingrid Caven	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
I'm Off	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Trading Secrets	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
India: The Emerging Giant	publisher	Oxford University Press
One-Way	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
The Rock of Tanios	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Spaceman	publisher	Vertigo
Realize your potential	publisher	Znanie; Moscow
Reinventing Fire	publisher	Chelsea Green
The Goblin Gate	publisher	HarperTeen
Out of Oz	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Wayout	publisher	Sirius Software
Criminology & Criminal Justice	publisher	Sage Publications
Capture the Flag	publisher	Sirius Software
European Journal of Cultural Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Cognitive Science	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Terra Nostra	publisher	Editorial Joaquín Mortiz
Crime, Media, Culture	publisher	Sage Publications
Child Language Teaching and Therapy	publisher	SAGE Publications
Anthropological Theory	publisher	SAGE Publications
Outlaw	publisher	Little Brown
Journal of Child Health Care	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the Association of British Paediatric Nurses
European Journal of Preventive Cardiology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Diabetes and Vascular Disease Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Sonic Generations	publisher	Sega
India: The Rise of an Asian Giant	publisher	Yale University Press
19 Varieties of Gazelle	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Super Mario All-Stars	publisher	Nintendo
Mother of Storms	publisher	Tor Books
Wonderstruck	publisher	Scholastic Press
Republic, Lost	publisher	Twelve
Krishnamacharya: His Life and Teachings	publisher	Shambhala Publications
Marine Ecology Progress Series	publisher	Inter Research
Biography Index	publisher	H. W. Wilson Company
Friends 'Til the End	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
The Bread of Those Early Years	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
After the Fire, A Still Small Voice	publisher	Jonathan Cape
After the Fire, A Still Small Voice	publisher	Pantheon Books
Cock-A-Doodle-Doo!	publisher	Harper's Magazine
The Women Men Don't See	publisher	Mercury Publications
Puss in Boots	publisher	THQ
Afro Tanaka	publisher	Shogakukan
Children of Paranoia	publisher	Dutton
Mystery Case Files: Escape From Ravenhearst	publisher	Big Fish Games
Amazon	publisher	Telarium
Dragonworld	publisher	Telarium
Rendezvous with Rama	publisher	Telarium
Nine Princes in Amber	publisher	Telarium
Shadowkeep	publisher	Spinnaker Software
Holy Warrior	publisher	Little Brown
King's Man	publisher	Little Brown
International Review for the Sociology of Sport	publisher	SAGE Publications
Information Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
Dragon Sister!	publisher	Mag Garden
Ethnography	publisher	Sage Publications
Borrowed Time	publisher	Activision
The Serpent's Star	publisher	Brøderbund
European Journal of Social Theory	publisher	Sage Publications
Organization	publisher	Sage Publications
European Journal of Criminology	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the European Society of Criminology
Feminist Theory	publisher	Sage Publications
Franziska Linkerhand	publisher	Neues Leben
Urban Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Organization Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Strategic Organization	publisher	Sage Publications
Vascular Medicine	publisher	SAGE Publications
Perfusion	publisher	SAGE Publications
Simulation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Lupus	publisher	SAGE Publications
Mahjong Hishō-den: Naki no Ryū	publisher	Takeshobo
Palliative Medicine	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of the Geological Society	publisher	Geological Society of London
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	IDW Publishing
Battle Rap Stars	publisher	Jump Shot Media
Return to Killybegs	publisher	Éditions Grasset
The Face of the Clam	publisher	Random House
The Face of the Clam	publisher	South County Historical Society
Journal of Feline Medicine and Surgery	publisher	SAGE Publications
Australasian Psychiatry	publisher	SAGE Publications
Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry	publisher	SAGE Publications
Total Eclipse	publisher	Incentive Software
The Revolution Script	publisher	New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston; Toronto: McClelland and Stewart; London: Jonathan Cape
Journal of Advertising	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the American Academy of Advertising
The Emperor of Ice-Cream	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
The Emperor of Ice-Cream	publisher	Viking Press
The Emperor of Ice-Cream	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Gunlord	publisher	NG.DEV.TEAM
3D Monster Chase	publisher	Romik
The Colour of Blood	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Colour of Blood	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Colour of Blood	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Magician's Wife	publisher	Bloomsbury
War of the Roses	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Great Victorian Collection	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Great Victorian Collection	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Great Victorian Collection	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
L'Art français de la guerre	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Mangan Inheritance	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Mangan Inheritance	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Mangan Inheritance	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Temptation of Eileen Hughes	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Temptation of Eileen Hughes	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Temptation of Eileen Hughes	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Feast of Lupercal	publisher	Little Brown
Upside Down	publisher	Picador
Man Walks Into a Room	publisher	Doubleday
Applied Developmental Science	publisher	Psychology Press
Just Dance Kids 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Nordic Journal of Human Rights	publisher	Universitetsforlaget on behalf of the Norwegian Centre for Human Rights
Wildwood	publisher	Balzer + Bray
Business Analysis and Valuation	publisher	Cengage
A Book of Memories	publisher	Szépirodalmi Könyvkiadó
Gladiator: Fight for Freedom	publisher	Penguin Books
Gladiator: Fight for Freedom	publisher	Hyperion Books
Artibus Asiae	publisher	Museum Rietberg Zurich
On the Yankee Station	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
On the Yankee Station	publisher	William Morrow
Chicks with Guns	publisher	Vendome Press
13 Bankers	publisher	Pantheon Books
Hugo III, Jungle of Doom!	publisher	Gray Design Associates
Hugo II, Whodunit%3F	publisher	Gray Design Associates
Annales. Histoire, Sciences Sociales	publisher	School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences
Judith Hearne	publisher	Andre Deutsch
The Luck of Ginger Coffey	publisher	Andre Deutsch
The Luck of Ginger Coffey	publisher	Atlantic Monthly
Islam: A Short History	publisher	Modern Library
Arabian Nights: Sabaku no Seirei-ō	publisher	Takara
Norsk Lovtidend	publisher	Ministry of Justice and the Police
Tom Clancy's Rainbow 6: Patriots	publisher	Ubisoft
Swallowing the Earth	publisher	Shogakukan
I Curse the River of Time	publisher	Forlaget Oktober
Drömfakulteten	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Half Brother	publisher	J.W. Cappelens Forlag
Blackwater	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Creature Conflict: The Clan Wars	publisher	1C
The Good Hope	publisher	Gyldendal
Evil Machines	publisher	2011
Bu Bu Jing Xin	publisher	Jinjiang Original Network
Bu Bu Jing Xin	publisher	Ocean Press
Bu Bu Jing Xin	publisher	National Press
Bu Bu Jing Xin	publisher	Huashan Arts Press
Bu Bu Jing Xin	publisher	Hunan Literature and Art Publishing House
Bu Bu Jing Xin	publisher	Yeren Culture Publishing
Being There	publisher	Harcourt Brace
The Blue Fox	publisher	Bjartur
Diwan on the Prince of Emgion	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
All Time Top 1000 Albums	publisher	Virgin Books
All Time Top 1000 Albums	publisher	Guinness Publishing
Last Man in Tower	publisher	HarperCollins India, 2011
For the Living and the Dead	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Gods of Atlantis	publisher	Headline , Bantam Dell , Dioptra
Scene It%3F Bright Lights! Big Screen!	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Highland Warriors	publisher	Data Becker
Quelques Portraits-Sonnets de Femmes	publisher	Library Paul Ollendorf
The Black Eyed Peas Experience	publisher	Ubisoft
Child Maltreatment	publisher	SAGE Publications
Meteorologische Zeitschrift	publisher	Borntraeger Science Publishers on behalf of the Österreichische Gesellschaft für Meteorologie, the Deutsche Meteorologische Gesellschaft, and the Swiss Meteorological Society
For Fukui's Sake	publisher	Baka Books
Winter	publisher	Feiwell & Friends
Achaja	publisher	Fabryka Słów
Nancy Drew: Tomb of the Lost Queen	publisher	Her Interactive
Blinding	publisher	Humanitas publishing house
Infestation	publisher	IDW Publishing
Quality & Quantity	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Brida	publisher	HarperCollins
Insurrection	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
American Journal of Alzheimer's Disease & Other Dementias	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of English Linguistics	publisher	SAGE Publications
American Journal of Hospice and Palliative Medicine	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Attention Disorders	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Macromarketing	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Travel Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Mixed Methods Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Winter: Five Windows on the Season	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Bella	publisher	Bauer Verlagsgruppe
Monster High: Ghoul Spirit	publisher	THQ
Monster High: Ghoul Spirit	publisher	Little Orbit
Pharmacognosy Research	publisher	Medknow Publications
Fossil Fighters: Champions	publisher	Nintendo
Samarkand	publisher	J.C. Lattès
Police Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Transformation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Psychology of Women Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
Review of Public Personnel Administration	publisher	SAGE Publications
Television & New Media	publisher	SAGE Publications
Youth Violence and Juvenile Justice	publisher	Sage Publications
The Whale Road	publisher	Harper
Vascular and Endovascular Surgery	publisher	Sage Publications
The Wolf Sea	publisher	Harper
Journal of School Nursing	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Veterinary Diagnostic Investigation	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Valley of Adventure	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The White Raven	publisher	Harper
Underwater Technology	publisher	Society for Underwater Technology
Alternatives: Global, Local, Political	publisher	SAGE Publications
Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Academy of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery
The Prow Beast	publisher	Harper
Business & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Lion Wakes	publisher	Harper
Clothing & Textiles Research Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications
Anthill: A Novel	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
In Search of My Father	publisher	JoJo Publishing
Wards of Faerie	publisher	Del Rey Books
Battlefield 4	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bro	publisher	NYRB Classics
The Complete Carl Barks Disney Library	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Space Heroes Universe!	publisher	Bubble Gum Interactive
Educational Researcher	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association
Feminist Criminology	publisher	Sage Publications
The Cathedral Clergy	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Focus on Autism and Other Developmental Disabilities	publisher	Sage Publications
Encyclopedia of Conifers	publisher	Royal Horticultural Society in cooperation with Kingsblue Publishing Limited
The Journal of Applied Behavioral Science	publisher	SAGE Publications
Six lectures about loneliness	publisher	Guangxi Normal University Press
Journal of Hospitality & Tourism Research	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Council on Hotel, Restaurant, and Institutional Education
Journal of Literacy Research	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Literacy Research Association
Journal of Studies in International Education	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Association for Studies in International Education
Avenging Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Health Informatics Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Intellectual Disabilities	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journalism: Theory, Practice & Criticism	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Research in International Education	publisher	Sage Publications
Sociology of Education	publisher	SAGE Publications in association with the American Sociological Association
State Politics & Policy Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Alien Planet	publisher	Avalon Books
Between Shades of Gray	publisher	Penguin Group
Sonechka	publisher	GLAS Publishers
Pharmacognosy Communications	publisher	EManuscript Services
Freakyforms: Your Creations, Alive!	publisher	Nintendo
The End: Hitler's Germany 1944–45	publisher	Penguin Books
The Queue	publisher	NYRB Classics
HeroClix	publisher	WizKids
HeroClix	publisher	The Topps Company
HeroClix	publisher	National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Leda: The Fantastic Adventure of Yohko	publisher	Kodansha
Argumentation and Debate	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
DreamWorks Super Star Kartz	publisher	Activision
Queen of the Falls	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
That Is All	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dawn of Destiny	publisher	Konami
Chronicles of Mystery: The Scorpio Ritual	publisher	City Interactive
Yale Journal of Law and Feminism	publisher	Yale Law School
Chronicles of Mystery: The Tree of Life	publisher	City Interactive
The Suicide Shop	publisher	Éditions Julliard
Waiting in the Summer	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Special Force	publisher	Pmang\n NHN Corporation
Special Force	publisher	CDC Games
Special Force	publisher	Wayi
Special Force	publisher	True Digital Plus
Special Force	publisher	Aeria Games (North America, Europe, Latin America)
Special Force	publisher	DF Interactive
Special Force	publisher	Dacnhiem Gate
Kunst og Kultur	publisher	National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design
Owlknight	publisher	DAW Books
Mindfulness	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Wolverine and the X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Fugue for a Darkening Island	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Cry for Myth	publisher	Delta
Rathinirvedam	publisher	D. C. Books
The Better Angels of Our Nature	publisher	Viking Books
Death of Kings	publisher	HarperCollins
Deerskin	publisher	Ace Books
Halo: Primordium	publisher	Tor Books
Shambhala: The Sacred Path of the Warrior	publisher	Shambhala Publications
The National Lampoon Encyclopedia of Humor	publisher	National Lampoon Magazine
The Job of Sex	publisher	Warner Books
MLB 12: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wednesday the Rabbi Got Wet	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Journal of Sport & Social Issues	publisher	SAGE Publications
Teaching of Psychology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Urban History	publisher	SAGE Publications
Management Communication Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Debt: The First 5000 Years	publisher	Melville House Publishing
Modern China	publisher	SAGE Publications
Politics & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Accident Man	publisher	Bantam Press
The Accident Man	publisher	Corgi Books
Philosophy of the Social Sciences	publisher	Sage Publications
Political Theory	publisher	SAGE Publications
Half a Team	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Killing Lincoln	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
National Lampoon Gentleman's Bathroom Companion II	publisher	National Lampoon
Thirty Eight	publisher	Lulu and Kindle Direct Publishing
At First Sight	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Breast of National Lampoon	publisher	National Lampoon
National Lampoon The Gentleman's Bathroom Companion	publisher	National Lampoon
Walking into the Night	publisher	Pantheon Books
Science, Technology, & Human Values	publisher	SAGE Publications
Sociological Methods & Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Science Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
Small Group Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Research on Social Work Practice	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Prison Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications
A Futile and Stupid Gesture	publisher	National Lampoon
Trauma, Violence, & Abuse	publisher	SAGE Publications
Urban Affairs Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Urban Education	publisher	Sage Publications
Violence Against Women	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Survivor	publisher	Bantam Press
The Survivor	publisher	Corgi Books
Written Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
Work and Occupations	publisher	SAGE Publications
Back to Work: Why We Need Smart Government for a Strong Economy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Research in Nursing	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Social Archaeology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Van Troff's Cylinder	publisher	Czytelnik
Medical Care Research and Review	publisher	Sage Publications
CastleVille	publisher	Zynga
National Lampoon The Naked and the Nude	publisher	Harmony Books
William Gillette, America's Sherlock Holmes	publisher	Xlibris Press
Pretty Pet Salon	publisher	Animoca
The Grateful Dead Family Album	publisher	Warner Books
Qualitative Health Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Nursing Science Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
The Neuroscientist	publisher	SAGE Publications
Research on Aging	publisher	Sage Publications
Surgical Innovation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Tamagotchi!	publisher	Shogakukan
Tamagotchi!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Journal of Transcultural Nursing	publisher	Sage Publications
Assassin	publisher	Bantam Press
Assassin	publisher	Corgi Books
Journal of Teacher Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Measurement and Evaluation in Counseling and Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
Review of Research in Education	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association
Remedial and Special Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Rehabilitation Counseling Bulletin	publisher	SAGE Publications
Political Research Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the University of Utah
Perspectives on Psychological Science	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Association for Psychological Science
Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Merchant Prince II	publisher	Take-Two Interactive
Katamari Amore	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Valentines	publisher	Pantheon Books
Restoration	publisher	Ecco Press
Conqueror	publisher	HarperCollins
Touch My Katamari	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Best of National Lampoon No. 1	publisher	National Lampoon
American Literary Review	publisher	University of North Texas
American Literary Review	publisher	Department of English
Notre Dame Review	publisher	University of Notre Dame
Star Wars: The Old Republic: Revan	publisher	Del Rey Books
Of Orcs and Men	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Witch & Wizard: The Fire	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Vazha-Pshavela	publisher	Pegasi
An Answer from Limbo	publisher	Atlantic/ Little, Brown
Topics in Early Childhood Special Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Social Science Computer Review	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Social Science Computing Association
Medical Decision Making	publisher	SAGE Publications  on behalf of the Society for Medical Decision Making
Nutrition in Clinical Practice	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the  American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition
Neurorehabilitation and Neural Repair	publisher	Sage Publications
Reproductive Sciences	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Reproductive Investigation
Toxicologic Pathology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Veterinary Pathology	publisher	SAGE Publications
A Rising Thunder	publisher	Baen Books
Education, Citizenship and Social Justice	publisher	Sage Publications
Dictator	publisher	Bantam Press
Dictator	publisher	Corgi Books
Global Social Policy	publisher	Sage Publications
Chilean Journal of Statistics	publisher	Sociedad Chilena de Estadística
No Other Life	publisher	Doubleday
No Other Life	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
No Other Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Fergus	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Doctor's Wife	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Doctor's Wife	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Doctor's Wife	publisher	Jonathan Cape
National Lampoon Comics	publisher	National Lampoon
Wascana Review	publisher	University of Regina
Parallel Stories	publisher	Jelenkor Kiadó
The Enchanted Wanderer	publisher	Russky mir
Kingdom	publisher	Shueisha
Carver	publisher	Bantam Press
Blueprint 3D	publisher	FDG Entertainment
Deadly Download	publisher	BBC Audio
Wraith World	publisher	BBC Audio
The White Wolf	publisher	BBC Audio
The Ghost House	publisher	BBC Audio
If You Don't Buy This Book, We'll Kill This Dog!	publisher	National Lampoon
Star Trek	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Journal of Contemporary China	publisher	Routledge
Murder by Family	publisher	Howard Books, a division of Simon & Schuster
National Lampoon Sunday Newspaper Parody	publisher	National Lampoon
Wallenstein	publisher	S. Fischer
Cautionary Tales for Children	publisher	Eveleigh Nash
Dinosaur Planet Survivors	publisher	Orbit Books
Dinosaur Planet Survivors	publisher	Del Rey Books
Stratigraphy and Geological Correlation	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica
Freaks, Geeks, and Asperger Syndrome	publisher	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
Before I Fall	publisher	HarperCollins
Touched: The Jerry Sandusky Story	publisher	Sports Publishing LLC
North-Western Journal of Zoology	publisher	University of Oradea
Impulse economy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The King's Dragon	publisher	BBC Books
The Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
National Lampoon The Book of Books	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Triumph of the Moon	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Dragnet Solar Pons et al.	publisher	Battered Silicon Dispatch Box
National Lampoon Songbook	publisher	National Lampoon
Iran: Religion, Politics and Society	publisher	Frank Cass Publishers
Iran: Religion, Politics and Society	publisher	Routledge
Animation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Mycoscience	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Mycological Society of Japan
Business Information Review	publisher	Sage Publications
International Journal of Cross Cultural Management	publisher	Sage Publications
Cultural Dynamics	publisher	SAGE Publications
Tangled Up in Blue	publisher	Ruskin Publishing
Letters from the Editors of National Lampoon	publisher	Warner Paperback Library
Dementia	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Early Childhood Literacy	publisher	SAGE Publications
Clinical Child Psychology and Psychiatry	publisher	SAGE Publications
UFC: Tapout 2	publisher	TDK Mediactive
National Lampoon This Side of Parodies	publisher	Warner Paperback Books
Critical Sociology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Early Childhood Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Rise of Nine	publisher	HarperCollins
The Rise of Nine	publisher	Penguin Books
Norway 1985	publisher	Strategic Simulations Inc.
On the Issues	publisher	Merle Hoffman
Global Media and Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Communication Gazette	publisher	Sage Publications
First Language	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Journal of Cultural Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Improving Schools	publisher	SAGE Publications
Information Visualization	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Sealed Angel	publisher	The Russian Messenger
Journal of Asian and African Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Classical Sociology	publisher	Sage Publications
The Knight at All Times	publisher	Bestselleri
Journal for the Study of the Pseudepigrapha	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Vacation Marketing	publisher	Sage Publications
Management & Organizational History	publisher	SAGE Publications
Memory Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
National Lampoon Presents The Very Large Book of Comical Funnies	publisher	National Lampoon
National Lampoon Art Poster Book	publisher	Harmony Books
Nietzsche and Asian Thought	publisher	The University of Chicago Press
Jet-Boot Jack	publisher	English Software
Jet-Boot Jack	publisher	Datamost
This Is Herman Cain!	publisher	Threshold Editions
National Lampoon The 199th Birthday Book	publisher	National Lampoon
The Leading Man	publisher	Oni Press
MotorStorm: RC	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Woody Woodpecker Racing	publisher	Konami
Our Mr. Wrenn	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Other Side of Deception	publisher	HarperCollins
Youth Justice	publisher	SAGE Publications
Tourist Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Studies in Christian Ethics	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for the Study of Christian Ethics
Thesis Eleven	publisher	SAGE Publications
Tourism and Hospitality Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Ren Game	publisher	C2C Games
Chronic Illness	publisher	SAGE Publications
Chronic Respiratory Disease	publisher	SAGE Publications
British Journal of Diabetes and Vascular Disease	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Generic Medicines	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Medical Marketing	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Tissue Engineering	publisher	Sage Publications
Accounting History	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Accounting History Special Interest Group of the Accounting and Finance Association of Australia and New Zealand
Active Learning in Higher Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
British Journalism Review	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of BJR Publishing
Contemporary Family Therapy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Family Process	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Family Process Institute
Family Relations	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations
Halunkenpostille	publisher	J.A. Keune
Carnival Phantasm	publisher	Ichijinsha
Lady Mechanika	publisher	Benitez Productions
Destiny Times Three	publisher	Galaxy Science Fiction Novels
The Stone Cutter	publisher	HarperCollins
Feminist Theology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Evaluation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Educational Management Administration & Leadership	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the British Educational Leadership, Management & Administration Society
Embers	publisher	Révai
IFLA Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions
Real Madrid Fantasy Manager	publisher	Real Madrid CF
Group Analysis	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Political Science Abstracts	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the International Political Science Association
International Journal of Music Education	publisher	Sage Publications
National Lampoon The Iron On Book	publisher	National Lampoon
International Relations	publisher	SAGE Publications
National Lampoon The Up Yourself Book	publisher	National Lampoon
Law, Culture and the Humanities	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for the Study of Law, Culture and the Humanities
The Phoenix Files: Arrival	publisher	Hardie Grant/Egmont
Management in Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Irish Theological Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of St Patrick's College, Maynooth
National Lampoon's Animal House Book	publisher	National Lampoon
Rivers of London	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Likeness	publisher	Viking Penguin
Star Wars: Dawn of the Jedi	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
SAS: Secure Tomorrow	publisher	City Interactive
Rubber	publisher	Thamizh Puthagalayam
NetworKing	publisher	NASA
Occupy Comics	publisher	Black Mask Studios
Brothers in Arms	publisher	Baen Books
Global Health Promotion	publisher	SAGE Publications
Public Policy and Administration	publisher	Sage Publications
Philosophy & Social Criticism	publisher	SAGE Publications
RELC Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Research Studies in Music Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Sciences Religieuses	publisher	SAGE Publications
Theory and Research in Education	publisher	Sage Publications in association with The Slovene Society of Researchers in the School Field
Transfer	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the European Trade Union Institute
Blue Spring Ride	publisher	Shueisha
Blue Spring Ride	publisher	Cobalt
National Lampoon Presents French Comics	publisher	National Lampoon
The Gallows Bird	publisher	Harpercollins
Final Exam: A Surgeon's Reflections on Mortality	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Shattered Heroes	publisher	Marvel Comics
Moon Over Soho	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Greg Norman's Golf Power	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Fame	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
Deploying Renewables 2011	publisher	Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Deploying Renewables 2011	publisher	International Energy Agency
The Forge and the Crucible	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
The Hidden Child	publisher	Harper
The Sea Is My Brother	publisher	Penguin Books
The Stories of Ibis	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Stories of Ibis	publisher	Viz Media
Nephrology Dialysis Transplantation	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Renal Association - European Dialysis and Transplant Association
The End of a Family Story	publisher	Szépirodalmi Könyvkiadó
The Erl-King	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Flavours from Fjällbacka	publisher	Harpercollins
To the Moon	publisher	Freebird Games
Asian Cardiovascular and Thoracic Annals	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Infection Prevention	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Infection Prevention Society
The Journal of Defense Modeling and Simulation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Glitter Force	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Oncology Pharmacy Practice	publisher	SAGE Publications
Trauma	publisher	SAGE Publications
On a Cold Road	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Advances in Developing Human Resources	publisher	SAGE Publications
Bulletin of Science, Technology & Society	publisher	SAGE Publications
Compensation & Benefits Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
The End of Liberalism	publisher	Norton
Games and Culture	publisher	SAGE Publications
Criminal Justice Policy Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Clinical Case Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
ACS Synthetic Biology	publisher	American Chemical Society
Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes	publisher	Vintage Books
Brothers in Arms 2: Global Front	publisher	Gameloft
The Pocket Guide to British Birds	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Bunch of Heroes	publisher	NGD Studios
The Conquest of Space	publisher	Apogee Books
The Yipping Tiger	publisher	UNSW Press
The Yipping Tiger	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
Preincarnate	publisher	Hardie Grant Books
Gifted Child Today	publisher	SAGE Publications
Canadian Journal of School Psychology	publisher	Sage Publications
Human Resource Development Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Accounting, Auditing & Finance	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Communication Inquiry	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Journal of Environment & Development	publisher	Sage Publications
Perfect English	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Journal of Hispanic Higher Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Blue Gate of Babylon	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Journal of Marketing Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Charlie Peace	publisher	Random House
The Leopard's Wife	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Over the Rainbow	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Planning History	publisher	SAGE Publications  on behalf of the Society for American City and Regional Planning History
Journal of Transformative Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Public Finance Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
A Stranger in Mayfair	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism	publisher	Shambhala Publications
Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes	publisher	Feral Interactive
Public Works Management & Policy	publisher	SAGE Publications
Battles in Normandy	publisher	Strategic Studies Group
Space and Culture	publisher	Sage Publications
Simulation & Gaming	publisher	SAGE Publications
State and Local Government Review	publisher	Sage Publications
A Decayed Family	publisher	The Russian Messenger
The Family Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications
Traumatology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Princess Minerva	publisher	Riverhillsoft
Princess Minerva	publisher	Vic Tokai Corporation
Aesthetic Surgery Journal	publisher	OUP on behalf of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery
Stochastic Models	publisher	Taylor & Francis
ICAN: Infant, Child, & Adolescent Nutrition	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Evidence-Based Complementary & Alternative Medicine	publisher	SAGE Publications
Clin-Alert	publisher	SAGE Publications
Clinical Nursing Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Guns & Ammo	publisher	Chris Agnes
Persona 4 Arena	publisher	Atlus
All Hell Let Loose	publisher	HarperCollins UK
By Fair Means or Foul	publisher	Superior Software
By Fair Means or Foul	publisher	Superior/Alligata
By Fair Means or Foul	publisher	Codemasters
The Future of Us	publisher	Penguin Books
Annals of Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Death in Berlin	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Foot and Ankle Specialist	publisher	SAGE Publications
Geriatric Orthopaedic Surgery & Rehabilitation	publisher	SAGE Publications
Kritike	publisher	Department of Philosophy, University of Santo Tomas
The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of the International Association of Providers of AIDS Care	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Intensive Care Medicine	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Pharmacy Practice	publisher	SAGE Publications
Ingenious Pain	publisher	Sceptre
Music and Medicine	publisher	International Association for Music and Medicine
Policy, Politics, & Nursing Practice	publisher	SAGE Publications
Perspectives in Vascular Surgery and Endovascular Therapy	publisher	Sage Publications
Seminars in Cardiothoracic and Vascular Anesthesia	publisher	SAGE Publications
Trends in Amplification	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Ren & Stimpy Show: Buckaroo$!	publisher	THQ
Over Horizon	publisher	Hot B
Over Horizon	publisher	Takara
South Park: The Stick of Truth	publisher	Ubisoft
Tree of Codes	publisher	Visual Editions
Therapeutic Innovation & Regulatory Science	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Drug Information Association
Health Promotion Practice	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Asthma & Allergy Educators	publisher	Sage Publications
Final Fantasy Airborne Brigade	publisher	Square Enix
Journal of the American Psychiatric Nurses Association	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Diagnostic Medical Sonography	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of  the Society of Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Journal of Laboratory Automation	publisher	Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening in partnership with SAGE Publications
NASN School Nurse	publisher	Sage Publications
Old Years in Plodomasovo	publisher	Syn otechestva
World Journal for Pediatric and Congenital Heart Surgery	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Greenwood Encyclopedia of African American Folklore	publisher	Westport, CT
The Greenwood Encyclopedia of African American Folklore	publisher	Greenwood Press
Sports Health: A Multidisciplinary Approach	publisher	Sage Publications
Cartilage	publisher	SAGE Publications
Free Live Free	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Monster Truck Rally	publisher	Intellivision
Jurassic Park: Rampage Edition	publisher	Sega
Solar Energy Perspectives	publisher	Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Solar Energy Perspectives	publisher	International Energy Agency
Perplexity	publisher	Superior Software
Perplexity	publisher	Acornsoft
Crown	publisher	Akita Shoten
Little League Baseball: Championship Series	publisher	SNK
Metal Mech	publisher	Jaleco
Thundercade	publisher	Sammy Corporation
Rogue Leaders: The Story of LucasArts	publisher	Chronicle Books
Tarzan: Lord of the Jungle	publisher	GameTek
Square Deal: The Game of Two Dimensional Poker	publisher	Hect
Square Deal: The Game of Two Dimensional Poker	publisher	DTMC
Tactic	publisher	Eterna, Superior Software, Nessprod
Pro Quarterback	publisher	Tradewest
NBA All-Star Challenge	publisher	Sega Genesis: Flying Edge
NBA All-Star Challenge	publisher	Super NES:
Race Days	publisher	GameTek
Münster Journal of Mathematics	publisher	Mathematisches Institut der Universität Münster
Contre Jour	publisher	Chillingo
The Last of Us	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Jack Nicklaus' Greatest 18 Holes of Major Championship Golf	publisher	Accolade
Jack Nicklaus' Greatest 18 Holes of Major Championship Golf	publisher	Konami ,
Jack Nicklaus' Greatest 18 Holes of Major Championship Golf	publisher	Victor Entertainment
Unnecessary Roughness '95	publisher	Accolade
Mickey's Dangerous Chase	publisher	Capcom
Mickey's Dangerous Chase	publisher	Kemco
Mickey's Dangerous Chase	publisher	Nintendo
Mickey's Dangerous Chase	publisher	Disney Interactive
Relief Pitcher	publisher	Atari Games
New Orleans Review	publisher	The Walker Percy Center for Writing & Publishing and the Department of English at Loyola University
Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association of Geoanalysts
Combat Mission: Battle for Normandy	publisher	Battlefront.com
Cultural Studies, Critical Methodologies	publisher	Sage Publications
Conan the Warlord	publisher	Tor Books
Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice	publisher	SAGE Publications
Far from Medina	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
Casanova	publisher	Sceptre
Arguably	publisher	Twelve
Arguably	publisher	Atlantic Books
Road Riot 4WD	publisher	Arcade:
Road Riot 4WD	publisher	Atari Games
Road Riot 4WD	publisher	Super NES:
Road Riot 4WD	publisher	THQ
ALF: The First Adventure	publisher	Box Office, Inc.
Willdenowia	publisher	Botanical Garden in Berlin
Willdenowia	publisher	Free University of Berlin
General Music Today	publisher	SAGE Publications
International Criminal Justice Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Correctional Health Care	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Cases in Educational Leadership	publisher	Sage Publications
The Sims 3: Showtime	publisher	Electronic Arts
Journal of Leadership & Organizational Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journalism & Mass Communication Educator	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Management Education	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Music Teacher Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Oxygen	publisher	Sceptre
Deutsche Zentral-Zeitung	publisher	German section of the Communist International
Reviews of Human Factors and Ergonomics	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society
Music Educators Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the National Association for Music Education
Dark Matter	publisher	Schöffling & Co.
Conqueror	publisher	Superior Software
Conqueror	publisher	Acornsoft
Conqueror	publisher	Rainbow Arts
Cowboy Ninja Viking	publisher	Image Comics
Asterix and the Power of the Gods	publisher	Sega
Ball Jacks	publisher	Namco
Caliber .50	publisher	Mentrix Software
Delhi Gadhakal	publisher	DC Books
A Monster Calls	publisher	Walker Books
Rabies	publisher	Sveučilišna naklada Liber
Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil	publisher	DC Books
The Optimists	publisher	Sceptre
Bitter Blood	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero	publisher	Hobby Japan
Chi Chi's Pro Challenge Golf	publisher	Virgin Interactive
The Age of Capital: 1848–1875	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Age of Capital: 1848–1875	publisher	Vintage Books
My Son Marshall, My Son Eminem	publisher	Phoenix Books and Audio
Hot Shots Golf: World Invitational	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Aya of Yop City	publisher	* Drawn and Quarterly\n* Gallimard
Garden & Gun	publisher	Rebecca Darwin and Pierre Manigault
Leaving the Atocha Station	publisher	Coffee House Press
Galaforce	publisher	Superior Software
Galaforce	publisher	Acornsoft
Holidays in Heck	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Modern Paganism in World Cultures	publisher	ABC-CLIO
Lips: I Love the 80's	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
FlatOut 3: Chaos & Destruction	publisher	Strategy First
Revue de Médecine Interne	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Société Nationale Française de Médecine Interne
College Football's National Championship	publisher	Sega
Kyōsōgiga	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Trampoline Terror!	publisher	DreamWorks Games
Current Approaches in Psychiatry	publisher	Psikiyatride Guncel Yaklasimlar-Current Approaches in Psychiatry
Asterix: Mega Madness	publisher	Infogrames
Joshiraku	publisher	Kodansha
Soldier of Sidon	publisher	Tor Books
Foreman For Real	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Asterix	publisher	Infogrames
The Fear Index	publisher	Hutchinson
Fred Couples Golf	publisher	Sega
Fortnite	publisher	Epic Games
Archivaria	publisher	Association of Canadian Archivists
Big Nate Goes for Broke	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Mediapart	publisher	Edwy Plenel
Alan Wake's American Nightmare	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD	publisher	Activision
L DK	publisher	Kodansha
The Cat's Table	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Cat's Table	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Cat's Table	publisher	Random House
The Cat's Table	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Relaxation Response	publisher	HarperCollins
Earth Unaware	publisher	Tor Books
Revista Colombiana de Química	publisher	National University of Colombia
Well-Tempered Clavicle	publisher	Tor Books
Child Papers	publisher	Momentum Press, Beacon Press, University of Pittsburgh Press
Kipling Sahib	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Wadzeks Kampf mit der Dampfturbine	publisher	Fischer Verlag
The Traveler	publisher	Shanghai People's Fine Arts Publishing House
Fragments from Antiquity	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Jimmy Connors Tennis	publisher	Ubisoft
Batman: Arkham City Lockdown	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Crazee Rider	publisher	Superior Software
Crazee Rider	publisher	Acornsoft
Arts and Humanities in Higher Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Blip	publisher	Tomy
Miasto Kobiet	publisher	ETNA
Goal! Two	publisher	Jaleco
One Morning Like a Bird	publisher	Sceptre
Convergence	publisher	SAGE Publications
Dirt: Showdown	publisher	Codemasters
Spycat	publisher	Superior Software
Spycat	publisher	Acornsoft
PokéPark 2: Wonders Beyond	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Red Heat: Conspiracy, Murder and the Cold War in the Caribbean	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Islay	publisher	T.J. PUBLISHERS INC.
Upper Canada Guardian	publisher	Joseph Willcocks
Human Genomics and Proteomics	publisher	Sage Publications
Math Girls	publisher	Bento Books
International Journal of Discrimination and the Law	publisher	SAGE Publications
Open Engineering	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
We Sing UK Hits	publisher	Nordic Games
The Real Fidel Castro	publisher	Yale University Press
The Essential Tagore	publisher	Harvard University Press
Hitch-22	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Hitch-22	publisher	Atlantic Books
Lumayo Ka Nga Sa Akin	publisher	Visprint, Inc.
History of the Indian Tribes of North America	publisher	First edition of v. 1 published by E.C. Biddle, Philadelphia, 1836.; Volumes 2-3 published by D. Rice and J.G. Clark, 1842-44.
Law & Order: Legacies	publisher	Telltale Games
We Sing Rock!	publisher	Nordic Games
ACS Macro Letters	publisher	American Chemical Society
Fire Away	publisher	Tandy Computers
Bowling King	publisher	Akaneshinsha
The Long Earth	publisher	Doubleday
Ghurghutiyar Ghatona	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Humanity Has Declined	publisher	Shogakukan
Humanity Has Declined	publisher	Media Factory
Professor Dowell's Head	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
The Drowning	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Archaeological Science	publisher	Elsevier
The Time Capsule	publisher	BBC Audio
Canadian Journal of Zoology	publisher	NRC Research Press
What to Do When Someone Dies	publisher	Penguin books
The Roots of Heaven	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Lady L	publisher	Michael Joseph
Lady L	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Indian Nocturne	publisher	Enzo Sellerio
Pokémon Conquest	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Capcom Digital Collection	publisher	Capcom
Faith and Health: Psychological Perspectives	publisher	Guilford Press
Temple Run	publisher	Imangi Studios
Temple Run	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Ocean Sea	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
Original Goodness	publisher	Nilgiri
Beyond the Barrier	publisher	Doubleday
Philosophy Pathways	publisher	International Society for Philosophers
Marks of Identity	publisher	Editorial Joaquín Mortiz
Count Julian	publisher	Editorial Joaquín Mortiz
Juan the Landless	publisher	Editorial Seix Barral
Humsafar	publisher	Ilm-o-Irfan Publishers
Disney Princess: Enchanting Storybooks	publisher	THQ
Toronto Journal of Theology	publisher	University of Toronto Press
The Missing Head of Damasceno Monteiro	publisher	Feltrinelli
The Penguins of Madagascar: Dr. Blowhole Returns – Again!	publisher	THQ
Human Capital Magazine	publisher	People Trends Pte Ltd
Canadian Journal of Respiratory Therapy	publisher	Canadian Science Publishing on behalf of the Canadian Society of Respiratory Therapists
Exiled from Almost Everywhere	publisher	Galaxia Gutenberg
Journal of Personality Assessment	publisher	Taylor and Francis on behalf of the Society for Personality Assessment
Locked On	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Candis Magazine	publisher	Newhall Publications
StreetPass Mii Plaza	publisher	Nintendo
Umr-e-Lahaasil Ka Haasil	publisher	Education Publications House Delhi, India
Pulphead	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Accounting Perspectives	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Canadian Academic Accounting Association
Business and Society Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Wild Western	publisher	Atlas Comics
Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada
Economic Inquiry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Western Economic Association International
Contemplative Practices in Action	publisher	Praeger Publishers
The Manipulated Man	publisher	Pinter & Martin
Command & Conquer: Tiberium Alliances	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Devil in a Forest	publisher	Follet Corporation
Peace	publisher	Harper & Row
Killzone: Mercenary	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
JAAPA	publisher	Wolters Kluwer on behalf of the American Academy of Physician Assistants
Spirit of the Wind	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Dezra's Quest	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories and Other Stories	publisher	Pocket Books
Lego Star Wars: The Visual Dictionary	publisher	Dorling Kindersley
The Wettest County in the World	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Journal of Futures Markets	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Dragonriders of Pern	publisher	Epyx
Journal of Applied Corporate Finance	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Morgan Stanley
Magico	publisher	Shueisha
Digimon World Re:Digitize	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Aura: Koga Maryuin's Last War	publisher	Shogakukan
The Rose That Grew from Concrete	publisher	MTV Books
Kacper Ryx	publisher	Wydawnictwo Otwarte
Contemporary Economic Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
A Hidden Ulster	publisher	Four Courts Press
Quest for Lost Heroes	publisher	Legend Books
Journal of Business Logistics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell  on behalf of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals
Journal of Consumer Affairs	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Council on Consumer Interests
Camera Obscura	publisher	Duke University Press
IEEE Transactions on Terahertz Science and Technology	publisher	IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society
Dickon	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Stars	publisher	Shueisha
Republican Party Reptile	publisher	Atlantic, Inc.
Carnival Island	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Time Dweller	publisher	Robert Hale
Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic	publisher	Shogakukan
Burma Chronicles	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Dusk Maiden of Amnesia	publisher	Square Enix
X3: Albion Prelude	publisher	Deep Silver
Swamplandia!	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Geppo	publisher	Edizioni Bianconi
Domnei: A Comedy of Woman-Worship	publisher	Frederick A. Stokes
Soul Eater Not!	publisher	Square Enix
Cartoon Wars	publisher	Imangi Studios and Gamevil
Man Seeks God	publisher	Hachette
Fantastic Four	publisher	DC Comics
Fantastic Four	publisher	Marvel Comics
CV	publisher	Tom Doherty
Gangstar Rio: City of Saints	publisher	Gameloft
A Son of the Carolinas	publisher	Henry Altemus
Ente Katha	publisher	Current Books
Ente Katha	publisher	DC Books
Mighty Milky Way	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Supernormal Stimuli	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes	publisher	Playground Publishing
Tough Trip Through Paradise	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Nozoki Ana	publisher	Shogakukan
Daily Lives of High School Boys	publisher	Square Enix
Signals of Belief in Early England	publisher	Oxbow Books
Disco 2000	publisher	Sceptre
The Sisters Brothers	publisher	Ecco Press
Crescent Dawn	publisher	Putnam
Genso Suikoden: Tsumugareshi Hyakunen no Toki	publisher	Konami
Journal of Applied Crystallography	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Crystallography
Pagan Theology	publisher	New York University Press
Love Never Faileth	publisher	Nilgiri Press
Chinatown Family	publisher	John Day
The Rook	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
QuantZ	publisher	Gamerizon
Selected Poems 1965–1975	publisher	Faber and Faber
Odd Is on Our Side	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ultima Online: High Seas	publisher	Electronic Arts
Acta Botanica Brasilica	publisher	Brazilian Society of Botany
Kiki Trick	publisher	Nintendo
Supreme Ruler	publisher	JMG Software International
Cinderella Ate My Daughter	publisher	Harper/HarperCollins
The Man Who Knew Too Much	publisher	Cassell
All Girl Wrestling: Ultimate Angels	publisher	Tecmo
Medusa	publisher	Putnam
The Viking Way	publisher	Department of Archaeology and Ancient History, Uppsala
Wireless: The Essential Charles Stross	publisher	Orbit Books
Aquarion Evol	publisher	Media Factory
Aquarion Evol	publisher	MF Bunko J
The Mind in the Cave	publisher	Thames and Hudson
Witching Culture	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Enchanted Feminism	publisher	Routledge
Knight Moves	publisher	Spectrum Holobyte, Inc.
Solo	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Spirit Camera	publisher	Nintendo
Metal Drift	publisher	Black Jacket Studios
One Piece: Pirate Warriors	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Amefurashi	publisher	Kodansha
The Quantum Universe	publisher	Allen Lane
The Great Impersonation	publisher	A.L. Burt Company with Little, Brown & Company
Call of Duty: Black Ops – Zombies	publisher	Activision
Spy Muppets: License to Croak	publisher	TDK
The Vagabond	publisher	P. Ollendorff
Belle du Seigneur	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Why We Love Women	publisher	Humanitas publishing house
Oriental Tales	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Promise at Dawn	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Divagations	publisher	Bibliothéque-Charpentier
The Legend of the Holy Drinker	publisher	Allert de Lange Verlag
Maa	publisher	Samay Prakashan, Dhaka; Palimpsest, New Delhi
Wipeout in the Zone	publisher	Activision
Serious Sam: The Random Encounter	publisher	Devolver Digital
Before the Fantastic Four: The Storms	publisher	Marvel Comics
Serious Sam Double D	publisher	Devolver Digital
Serious Sam: Kamikaze Attack!	publisher	Devolver Digital
The Good Muslim	publisher	HarperCollins
Knee Surgery, Sports Traumatology, Arthroscopy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Agatha Christie: The ABC Murders	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Blitzcat	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Baltics	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Requiem: A Hallucination	publisher	Quetzal Editores
Death Comes to Pemberley	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Death Comes to Pemberley	publisher	Faber & Faber
Emma in Winter	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Emma in Winter	publisher	Harcourt
Jerusalem	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Games-X	publisher	Europress
Mr. Monk in Trouble	publisher	Signet Books
Diversity and Distributions	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Pushmo	publisher	Nintendo
Shuttlecock	publisher	Allen Lane
Shuttlecock	publisher	Washington Square Press
All Zombies Must Die!	publisher	Square Enix
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children	publisher	Quirk Books
Never Again the Burning Times	publisher	Waveland
Intersec	publisher	Albany Media
The Miracle of Castel di Sangro	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Cyber Chess	publisher	The Fourth Dimension
Global Ecology and Biogeography	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Mammal Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
A Little Gold Book of Ghastly Stuff	publisher	Borderlands Press
Pure	publisher	Sceptre
You Can't Live Forever	publisher	Simon & Schuster
A Time to Every Purpose Under Heaven	publisher	Forlaget Oktober
Unleashing Nepal	publisher	Penguin Books India
French Forum	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Deadline	publisher	Orbit Books
The Spy	publisher	Putnam
Royal Bengal Rahashya	publisher	Ananda Publishers
The Best of Randall Garrett	publisher	Pocket Books
The Visit of the Royal Physician	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
XCOM: Enemy Unknown	publisher	2
XCOM: Enemy Unknown	publisher	Feral Interactive
Spiral	publisher	Chicken House Publishing
Hotel Savoy	publisher	Frankfurter Zeitung
Hotel Savoy	publisher	Verlag Die Schmiede
Crazy Hair	publisher	HarperCollins
The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
Overtake	publisher	Zoom
Accountability in Research	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Puzzle Agent 2	publisher	Telltale Games
Texas Hold'em King	publisher	Magmic Games
Journal of Robotic Surgery	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Child of a Dream	publisher	Mondadori
Child of a Dream	publisher	Pan Books
Tooth Protectors	publisher	Johnson & Johnson
Homefront: The Revolution	publisher	Deep Silver
Journal of Food Composition and Analysis	publisher	Elsevier
British Journal of Nutrition	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society
Mr. Monk on the Couch	publisher	Signet Books
Mr. Monk Is Cleaned Out	publisher	Signet Books
Mr. Monk on Patrol	publisher	Signet Books
Chemistry of Natural Compounds	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Biochemical Systematics and Ecology	publisher	Elsevier
Biodegradation	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Natural Product Research	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Spellbound	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Thinking, Fast and Slow	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Journal of Anatomy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13	publisher	EA Sports
The Elements of Influence	publisher	Dutton \nPlume
The Sands of Ammon	publisher	Mondadori
The Sands of Ammon	publisher	Pan Books
The Ends of the Earth	publisher	Mondadori
The Ends of the Earth	publisher	Pan Books
Emperors SaGa	publisher	Square Enix
Dracula Hakushaku	publisher	FairyTale
Dracula Hakushaku	publisher	Ides
The Devil's Cinema	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
What Next for Labour%3F	publisher	Queensferry Publishing
Goat Days	publisher	Penguin Books
Goat Days	publisher	Green Books
Euro Truck Simulator 2	publisher	SCS Software
Catalogue of Political and Personal Satires Preserved in the Department of Prints and Drawings in the British Museum	publisher	British Museum
Catalogue of Political and Personal Satires Preserved in the Department of Prints and Drawings in the British Museum	publisher	www.britishmuseum.org
On the Natural History of Destruction	publisher	Carl Hanser Verlag
Joshua & the Battle of Jericho	publisher	Wisdom Tree
Expedition Amazon	publisher	Penguin Software
Spartan	publisher	Mondadori
Spartan	publisher	Pan Books
Star Reach	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
Sisterhood of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
Q.U.B.E.	publisher	Toxic Games
Q.U.B.E.	publisher	Headup Games
Q.U.B.E.	publisher	Trendy Entertainment
Q.U.B.E.	publisher	Grip Digital
The Pomegranate	publisher	Equinox Publishing
Atemwende	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Daughter of Smoke and Bone	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
DualPenSports	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Reinventing Discovery	publisher	Princeton University Press
All Fall Down	publisher	Arcana Studio
Avengers vs. X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
King Arthur II: The Role-Playing Wargame	publisher	Paradox Interactive
An End to the Means	publisher	Amazon.com
An End to the Means	publisher	Smashwords
Timeless	publisher	Orbit Books
Lost Empire	publisher	Putnam
Aspects of Anglo-Saxon Magic	publisher	Anglo-Saxon Books
Cunning Folk and Familiar Spirits	publisher	Sussex Academic Press
Between the Living and the Dead	publisher	Akadémiai Kiadó,
Between the Living and the Dead	publisher	Central European University Press
Trenches 2	publisher	EA Games
The Hilliker Curse	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Mighty Miss Malone	publisher	Wendy Lamb Books
In the Place of Fallen Leaves	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
In the Place of Fallen Leaves	publisher	Donald I Fine
Dawn of the Arcana	publisher	Shōgakukan
Fantastic Four vs. the X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
A Privataria Tucana	publisher	Geração Editorial
Assessment for Effective Intervention	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities
Community College Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Communication Disorders Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Da Capo III	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Da Capo III	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Career Development and Transition for Exceptional Individuals	publisher	SAGE Publications
Business and Professional Communication Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
The Shield Ring	publisher	OUP
Hot Slots	publisher	Hacker International
Ergonomics in Design	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Cognitive Engineering and Decision Making	publisher	SAGE Publications
Job	publisher	Gustav Kiepenheuer Verlag
The International Journal of Neuropsychopharmacology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Why We Broke Up	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Turpentine Jake	publisher	Marymount Institute Press and Tsehai Publishers
Of Wee Sweetie Mice and Men	publisher	UK: Harper Collins
Of Wee Sweetie Mice and Men	publisher	USA: Arcade
Journal of Disability Policy Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
NASSP Bulletin	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journalism & Communication Monographs	publisher	SAGE Publications
Sholay: The Making of a Classic	publisher	Penguin Books India
Journal of Business Communication	publisher	SAGE Publications
Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting	publisher	Sage Publications
Psychological Science in the Public Interest	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Association for Psychological Science
Turbulent Priests	publisher	Harper Collins
Shaman of Oberstdorf	publisher	R. Piper GmbH & Co
The Phoenix	publisher	David Fickling Comics Ltd
Social Marketing Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications
Dead Space	publisher	Electronic Arts
Run Roo Run	publisher	5
Social Psychological and Personality Science	publisher	Sage Publications
Teacher Education and Special Education	publisher	Sage Publications
Men of War	publisher	DC Comics
Word of Mouth	publisher	SAGE Publications
Young Exceptional Children	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Orphan Master's Son	publisher	Random House
Journal of Applied Social Science	publisher	Sage Publications
Shooting Sean	publisher	Harper Collins
Aries	publisher	Brill Academic Publishers on behalf of the European Society for the Study of Western Esotericism
Assessment	publisher	SAGE Publications
Behavior Modification	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Enterprise of Death	publisher	Orbit Books
Caddie Woodlawn	publisher	Samuel French Inc.
Reality and Dreams	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Reality and Dreams	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Technology, Tradition, and the State in Africa	publisher	Oxford University Press
African Political Systems	publisher	Oxford University Press
Brave 10	publisher	Media Factory
The Pinball Arcade	publisher	FarSight Studios
The Pinball Arcade	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Pinball Arcade	publisher	Alliance Digital Media
The Purple Book	publisher	Biteback
Star Wars: Darth Plagueis	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Dragon's Tooth	publisher	Random House
WordJong	publisher	Destineer
WordJong	publisher	Funbox Media
The Ripper	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Moth Eaten Howdah of the Tusker	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Democracia	publisher	Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party
X-Note	publisher	Zeiva Inc
Biology Open	publisher	The Company of Biologists
Journal of Hymenoptera Research	publisher	Pensoft Publishers on behalf of the International Society of Hymenopterists
Black Knight Sword	publisher	Reverb Communications
Wizards of Waverly Place: Spellbound	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Secrecy	publisher	Random House
Asuravithu	publisher	DC Books
Communication Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Cornell Hospitality Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
Human Factors	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society
The Horse with My Name	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
The Summer Birds	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Summer Birds	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Politics	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Journal of Clinical Pharmacology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
UPDATE: Applications of Research in Music Education	publisher	Sage Publications
The Ponder Heart	publisher	The New Yorker; Harcourt Brace
Journal of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition	publisher	SAGE Publications
Alabama Moon	publisher	Square Fish
Alabama Moon	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
X-Men: Schism	publisher	Marvel Comics
America in the King Years	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Black Rose	publisher	Doubleday
Big Nate: Strikes Again	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Five Chimneys	publisher	Academy Chicago Publishers
Williams F1 Team Driver	publisher	THQ
F1 World Grand Prix 2000	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Journal of Computational Geometry	publisher	MacOdrum Library, Carleton University
Mean Deviation	publisher	Bazillion Points
Driving Big Davie	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Gaming Instinct	publisher	Schöffling & Co.
Making History II: The War of the World	publisher	Muzzy Lane
Climate Change and Global Energy Security	publisher	MIT Press
Currents in Biblical Research	publisher	Sage Publications
International Review of Victimology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Belfast Confidential	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
The Journal of Commonwealth Literature	publisher	SAGE Publications
Journal of Dental Biomechanics	publisher	SAGE Publications
Media, War & Conflict	publisher	SAGE Publications
Hollow Earth	publisher	Buster Books
Furmins	publisher	Housemarque
Galaxy on Fire	publisher	Fishlabs
American Dervish	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Ecstasies	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
Ecstasies	publisher	Hutchinson
The Night Battles	publisher	Giulio Einaudi
The Night Battles	publisher	Routledge
Service Book	publisher	Ma'ariv
Journal of European Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Secret of Evil	publisher	Anagrama
The Secret of Evil	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Teaching Public Administration	publisher	SAGE Publications
Lethal Politics	publisher	Transaction Publishers
Luther: The Calling	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Nutrition and Health	publisher	SAGE Publications
Meskerem	publisher	Ideological Department of the Central Committee of the Commission for Organizing the Party of the Working People of Ethiopia
Witch Doctor	publisher	Skybound
One Piece Grand Collection	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Nature Reviews Endocrinology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Trail of the Hawk	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Freak Out: Extreme Freeride	publisher	JoWooD Productions
Religio Laici	publisher	Jacob Tonson
Deka Wanko	publisher	Shueisha
Death By Cube	publisher	Square Enix
Baku Tech! Bakugan	publisher	Shogakukan
Proceedings of the International Association for Business and Society	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Millionaire's Wife	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Hyōka	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Hyōka	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Journal of Medical Toxicology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock	publisher	Shueisha
Adevărul Moldova	publisher	Adrian Halpert
The Institutes of Biblical Law	publisher	The Craig Press
The Extraordinary Tale of Nicholas Pierce	publisher	Court Street Media
Cosmo Cosmolino	publisher	McPhee Gribble
Arrhythmia	publisher	NeWest Press
Ruins & Relics	publisher	NeWest Press
Hotaru no Hikari	publisher	Kodansha
International Journal of Communication	publisher	USC Annenberg Press
Pocket Monsters RéBURST	publisher	Shogakukan
Nine Inches	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Shit Girls Say	publisher	Harlequin and 4TheState
Living Witchcraft	publisher	Praeger Publishers
Doctor Who: The Eternity Clock	publisher	BBC Worldwide
Serbian Astronomical Journal	publisher	Astronomical Observatory Belgrade and Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade
Theatre of Silence: The Lost Soul of Football	publisher	Pegasus Elliot MacKenzie, Cambridge
Reality Fighters	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Persuasions of the Witch's Craft	publisher	Harvard University Press
Distrust That Particular Flavor	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Chowringhee	publisher	Dey's Publishing in Bengali, Penguin books and Atlantic Books in English
Poésies	publisher	La Revue indépendante
The Life	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Upotte!!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Conan the Magnificent	publisher	Tor Books
The Wanderers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin, Boston
Who is to Blame%3F	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Conan the Invincible	publisher	Tor Books
Child of Fortune	publisher	Bantam Books
The Spanish Helmet	publisher	Whare Rama Books
Dead End in Norvelt	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Ball for Daisy	publisher	Random House
Map of the Invisible World	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
The Black Stiletto	publisher	Oceanview Publishing
Conan the Triumphant	publisher	Tor Books
Review of Economics of the Household	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Inazuma Eleven TCG	publisher	Takara Tomy
Inazuma Eleven GO	publisher	Shogakukan
Edna & Harvey: The Breakout	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Kids on the Slope	publisher	Shogakukan
My French Whore	publisher	St. Martin's Press
VIP Magazin	publisher	Rodica Ciorănică
Empire & State	publisher	Novel, Inc.
Major League Baseball 2K12	publisher	2
What They Always Tell Us	publisher	Delacorte Books
The Saga of Erik the Viking	publisher	Pavilion Books
Whispers	publisher	Image Comics
Action Pachio	publisher	Coconuts Japan
Shirokuma Cafe	publisher	Shogakukan
Shirokuma Cafe	publisher	Shueisha
The Descendants	publisher	Random House
Caverns of Minos	publisher	Llamasoft
Journal of Structural Biology	publisher	Elsevier
The City	publisher	Robert B. Sloan
The Flounder	publisher	Luchterhand Literaturverlag
Madonna: Like an Icon	publisher	Bantam Press
Age of Wulin	publisher	Snail Games
Age of Wulin	publisher	Webzen, Inc.
Age of Wulin	publisher	Snail Games USA
Age of Wulin	publisher	Mental Games Russia
Place to Place	publisher	Houbunsha
Ugly Americans: Apocalypsegeddon	publisher	New 38th Floor Productions
Ugly Americans: Apocalypsegeddon	publisher	345
Tidsskrift for Rettsvitenskap	publisher	Universitetsforlaget
City of God	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Laughing Whitefish	publisher	McGraw-Hill
The Florida Historical Quarterly	publisher	Florida Historical Society
Protector	publisher	Synapse Software
Namco Arcade	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Ai Ore!	publisher	Shogakukan
Ai Ore!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Local Anaesthetic	publisher	Luchterhand Literaturverlag
The Box	publisher	Steidl Verlag
Sarah's Key	publisher	France Loisirs
Escape Plan	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment America
Cazania lui Varlaam	publisher	Metropolitan of Moldavia
Cazania lui Varlaam	publisher	Iaşi
The American Girls Premiere	publisher	The Learning Company
Cobalt	publisher	Mojang
Cobalt	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Ichi the Killer	publisher	Shogakukan
The Rat	publisher	Luchterhand Literaturverlag
The Three Leaps of Wang Lun	publisher	S. Fischer
Architects' Data	publisher	Bauwelt-Verlag
Architects' Data	publisher	Lockwood
The Meeting at Telgte	publisher	Luchterhand Literaturverlag
The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Demigod Diaries	publisher	Hyperion Books
Natsuiro Kiseki	publisher	Square Enix
Diario de Morelia	publisher	Grupo Diario de Morelia
La Extra	publisher	Grupo Diario de Morelia
OutServe Magazine	publisher	OutServe-SLDN
The Oligarchs	publisher	PublicAffairs
The Concerns of a Citizen	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Kurenai no Tsuki	publisher	ALcot
Seekers of Tomorrow	publisher	World Publishing Company
Double Fine Happy Action Theater	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sherlock Holmes: The Breath of God	publisher	Titan Books
Sakura Samurai: Art of the Sword	publisher	Nintendo
Sniper Elite V2	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Sniper Elite V2	publisher	505
The Innocents	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Moonlight Madness	publisher	Bubble Bus Software
Monster Hunter Dynamic Hunting	publisher	Capcom
This Blinding Absence of Light	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Jinkō Shōjo 3	publisher	Illusion Soft
No Gravity	publisher	realtech VR/Anozor
The Impossible Dead	publisher	Orion Press
Explorers of the Infinite	publisher	World Publishing Company
Dirty Plotte	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Lumines Electronic Symphony	publisher	Ubisoft
Pulse Racer	publisher	Jaleco
A.R.E.S.: Extinction Agenda	publisher	Origo Games
A.R.E.S.: Extinction Agenda	publisher	Aksys Games
Space Bucks	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Tales of a Long Night	publisher	Rütten & Loening, East Berlin
International Symposium on Mixed and Augmented Reality	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Poison	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Finger Lickin' Fifteen	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Madden NFL 13	publisher	EA Sports
Belenggu	publisher	Poedjangga Baroe
Belenggu	publisher	Dian Rakyat
Atmabrittanta	publisher	Himal Books
The Genus Utricularia: A Taxonomic Monograph	publisher	Office of Public Sector Information
Macross The Ride	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Carnivorous Plants	publisher	Chronica Botanica Company
The Willows at Christmas	publisher	HarperCollins
The Willows at Christmas	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Nature Religion Today	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Conan the Hero	publisher	Tor Books
Trials Evolution	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Trials Evolution	publisher	Ubisoft
Target 3 Billion	publisher	Penguin Books
The Carnivorous Plants	publisher	Academic Press
Unit 13	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Wargame: European Escalation	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Shatter Me	publisher	HarperCollins
Art of Murder: Hunt for the Puppeteer	publisher	City Interactive
Arabian Sands	publisher	Longmans, London
IA, The Journal of the Society for Industrial Archeology	publisher	Society for Industrial Archeology
Against Our Will	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Wisdom's Daughter	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Bionicle: Matoran Adventures	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bionicle: Matoran Adventures	publisher	Lego Interactive
Bionicle: Maze of Shadows	publisher	THQ
Oromay	publisher	Kuraz Publishing Agency
Artemis Fowl: The Last Guardian	publisher	Viking Press
Artemis Fowl: The Last Guardian	publisher	Disney Hyperion
The Savage Garden: Cultivating Carnivorous Plants	publisher	Ten Speed Press
When Worlds Collide	publisher	When Worlds Collide
Hozon Kagaku	publisher	Tokyo Research Institute for Cultural Properties
Bride of Deimos	publisher	Akita Shoten
Breaking Stalin's Nose	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Ars Buddhica	publisher	Mainichi Shimbun
Bijutsu-shi	publisher	The Japan Art History Society
The Man out of the Rain	publisher	Doubleday
The Twilight of Briareus	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Asiatic: IIUM Journal of English Language and Literature	publisher	International Islamic University Malaysia
Gloria	publisher	Hanza Media
The Old Glory	publisher	Farrar, Straus, and Giroux
Deadlocked	publisher	Ace Books
Dreamtime	publisher	Syndikat Autoren-und Verlagsgesellschaft, Basil Blackwell
Bijutsu Kenkyū	publisher	Tokyo Research Institute for Cultural Properties
Saint Seiya Omega	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Walking Man	publisher	Kodansha
Bulletin of the National Museum of Japanese History	publisher	National Museum of Japanese History
The Thirteen Hallows	publisher	Tor Books
The Great Perhaps	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
My Self Scumbag	publisher	Minor Books
Journal of Postcolonial Writing	publisher	Routledge
Another Beauty	publisher	Wydawnictwo Literackie
Asian Ethnology	publisher	Nanzan Institute for Religion and Culture
Japanese Journal of Religious Studies	publisher	Nanzan Institute for Religion and Culture
Archive for History of Exact Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
New Puzzle Bobble	publisher	Taito Corporation
Psychonauts 2	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Skylanders: Giants	publisher	Activision
Skylanders: Giants	publisher	Vivendi Games
Metal Max 3	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Metal Max 3	publisher	Enterbrain
Metal Max 3	publisher	Crea-Tech
LittleBigPlanet Karting	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Defence of a Fool	publisher	Albert Langen
Neues Jahrbuch für Geologie und Paläontologie	publisher	E. Schweizerbart
Bolo	publisher	Synergistic Software
Hunting Evil	publisher	Random House
Play Dirty	publisher	New York Times
Passion	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Black Box	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Midst Toil and Tribulation	publisher	Tor Books
Broken Age	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Victory Point	publisher	Berkley Books, a Division of The Penguin Group
Annals of Probability	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
The Great Fire of London	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The World of Ice & Fire	publisher	Bantam Books
Mass Effect Infiltrator	publisher	Electronic Arts
Retro Atari Classics	publisher	Atari
La storia della Arcana Famiglia	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Rugby League 2: World Cup Edition	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Btooom!	publisher	Shinchosha
The Amazing Spider-Man	publisher	Activision
Journal of Church and State	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the J. M. Dawson Institute of Church-State Studies
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Keepers of the Flame: Understanding Amnesty International	publisher	Cornell University Press
The Mirage	publisher	Harper
Philosophy in the Contemporary World	publisher	Society for Philosophy in the Contemporary World
Call of Duty: Ghosts	publisher	Activision
A Universe from Nothing	publisher	Free Press
Polish Journal of Philosophy	publisher	Institute of Philosophy, Jagiellonian University
Me and Kaminski	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Theoretical Economics	publisher	Econometric Society
Studies in Canadian Literature	publisher	University of New Brunswick
Little Big Man	publisher	Dial Press
Stargazing Dog	publisher	Futabasha
Behind the Beautiful Forevers	publisher	Random House
Heartsnatcher	publisher	Éditions Vrille
Alphabet	publisher	Lyrikbogklubben Borgen, Gyldendal, New Directions
Self-portrait in a Convex Mirror	publisher	Viking Press
Suspicion	publisher	Benziger Verlag
Communication, Culture & Critique	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Only Serious About You	publisher	Houbunsha
Kingdoms of Camelot	publisher	Kabam
The Following Story	publisher	De Arbeiderspers
Charmed: Season 9	publisher	Zenescope Entertainment
Beautiful Strangers	publisher	Humanitas publishing house
Life Weaver	publisher	BGG Productions
Evidences and Reconciliations	publisher	Bookcraft
Book of My Mother	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Shape of Sola Scriptura	publisher	Canon Press
Puddle	publisher	Konami
Puddle	publisher	Neko Entertainment
Communication Theory	publisher	Wiley on behalf of the International Communication Association
Super League Manager	publisher	Audiogenic
Communications of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory	publisher	University of Arizona Press
Last of the Amazons	publisher	Doubleday
Chinese Medical Herbology and Pharmacology	publisher	Art of Medicine Press
Mars Life	publisher	Tor Books
Doctor Who: Assimilation2	publisher	IDW Publishing
Shut Hell	publisher	Shogakukan
CyberGladiators	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Break of Day	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
Little Misunderstandings of No Importance	publisher	Feltrinelli
Retfærd	publisher	Association of Danish Lawyers and Economists
The Rider on the White Horse	publisher	Paetel
Civilization V: Gods & Kings	publisher	2
Civilization V: Gods & Kings	publisher	Aspyr
Fires	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Fadensonnen	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
The Wavewatcher's Companion	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
NCAA Football 13	publisher	EA Sports
Ballad of the Desert	publisher	Henan Literature Publishers
Metal Max: Wild Eyes	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
On Our Selection	publisher	Bulletin, Sydney
Baby Princess	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Only Death Is Real	publisher	Bazillion Points
The Stone Gods	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Angry Birds Space	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
The Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger	publisher	Andrews McMeel Publishing
The Free Press Journal	publisher	Indian National Press
B.P.R.D.: The Black Flame	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Journal of Topology	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the London Mathematical Society
New Nepenthes	publisher	Redfern Natural History Productions
Kingdom Conquest	publisher	Sega
The Last Girl	publisher	Sceptre
Who Stole Feminism%3F	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Inner City Blues	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
University Times	publisher	University of Pittsburgh
From This Wicked Patch of Dust	publisher	The University of Arizona Press
The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic	publisher	B.T. Batsford
Hocus Bogus	publisher	Mercure de France
B.P.R.D. Hell on Earth: New World	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
B.P.R.D. Hell on Earth: Gods and Monsters	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
A Short History of the Sudan	publisher	Oxford University Press
Hamlet's Father	publisher	Subterranean Press
Central Asiatic Journal	publisher	Harrassowitz Verlag
The Scruffs: Return of the Duke	publisher	Big Fish Games
Funny in Farsi	publisher	Random House
European Journal of Medical Research	publisher	BioMed Central
Undercover: Operation Wintersun	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
The Democratic Paradox	publisher	Verso Books
Freedom. A Plea	publisher	Kösel
Lust for Justice	publisher	Lightning Rod Publications
The Devil's Own Work	publisher	Harper Collins
The Devil's Own Work	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Rebellion	publisher	Vorwärts
Rebellion	publisher	Verlag Die Schmiede
A Devil and Her Love Song	publisher	Shueisha
Earthworm Jim	publisher	Atari, Inc.
The Fox Effect	publisher	Anchor Publishers
Moby-Duck	publisher	Viking
Flight without End	publisher	Kurt Wolff Verlag
The Emperor's Tomb	publisher	De Gemeenschap
Paradise Lust	publisher	Grove Press
Frode og alle de andre rødder	publisher	Gyldendal
We Sing Pop!	publisher	Nordic Games
Floating Staircase	publisher	Medallion Press
Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs	publisher	Frictional Games
Experience and Education	publisher	Kappa Delta Pi
Private	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Shank 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Growlanser Wayfarer of Time	publisher	Atlus
Samaritan	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Medal of Honor: Warfighter	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Great War and Modern Memory	publisher	Oxford University Press
Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings	publisher	Riverhead Hardcover
Another Man's Treasure	publisher	Post Mortem Press
Rescued from Paradise	publisher	Baen Books
Ocean Under the Ice	publisher	Baen Books
Paving Wall Street	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Snow	publisher	Leisure Books
BreakThru!	publisher	Spectrum HoloByte
BreakThru!	publisher	Shoeisha
Yurumates	publisher	Takeshobo
The Silent Stars Go By	publisher	BBC Books
Perfect Nightmare	publisher	Ballantine Books
Kanojo wa Uso o Aishisugiteru	publisher	Shogakukan
Sprite	publisher	Shogakukan
Computational Statistics & Data Analysis	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Association for Statistical Computing
The Orchids of the Philippines	publisher	Timber Press, Incorporated
Voluntas	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Preußische Allgemeine Zeitung	publisher	Landsmannschaft Ostpreußen
Tasha's Game	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Black Apollo of Science	publisher	Oxford University Press
NBA Live 13	publisher	EA Sports
Nemoe Karma	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Bayou Arcana	publisher	Markosia
Beautiful Chaos	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Beautiful Creatures	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Journal of Human Values	publisher	SAGE Publications
New Nietzsche Studies	publisher	Nietzsche Society
Letters to Kurt	publisher	Akashic Books
The Archaeology of Shamanism	publisher	Routledge
Journey into Space	publisher	Penguin Books
Battlelines	publisher	Melbourne University Press
The Climate of Courage	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Justin Bayard	publisher	Collins
Follow the Music	publisher	Jawbone Press
Best Buy Comics	publisher	Apex Novelties
Anglo-Saxon Amulets and Curing Stones	publisher	British Archaeological Reports
The Elusive Quest for Growth	publisher	MIT Press
Inside Out & Back Again	publisher	HarperCollins
The Treasure	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Imprimatur	publisher	Mondadori
Once Upon a Secret	publisher	Random House
Eagles and Angels	publisher	Schöffling & Co.
The Manhattan Hunt Club	publisher	Ballantine Books
Midnight Voices	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Devil's Labyrinth	publisher	Ballantine Books
For Anatole's Tomb	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Sister Sonic	publisher	Sega
Faces of Fear	publisher	Ballantine Books
Suffer the Children	publisher	Dell Publishing
House of Reckoning	publisher	Ballantine Books
Epic Saga: Extreme Fighter	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Call the Midwife	publisher	* Merton Books \n* Orion
Crunchball 3000	publisher	Armor Games
Road Rash 64	publisher	THQ
Witches Incorporated	publisher	Orbit Books
The Accidental Sorcerer	publisher	Orbit Books
The Book of Hours	publisher	Die Insel
Unseen Hand	publisher	Znak
I Spit on Your Graves	publisher	Éditions du Scorpion
Entwined	publisher	Greenwillow Books
It	publisher	Gyldendal
Where Shall I Wander	publisher	Ecco Press
Asari-chan	publisher	Shogakukan
10,000 Bullets	publisher	Taito Corporation
Ars Americana Ars Politica	publisher	McGill-Queen's University Press
The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared	publisher	Piratförlaget
Rituals	publisher	De Arbeiderspers
The Post Office Girl	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Day of the Oprichnik	publisher	Zakharov Books
Starbound	publisher	Chucklefish Games
Atheis	publisher	Balai Pustaka
London Bridge: Guignol's Band II	publisher	1964-03-20
London Bridge: Guignol's Band II	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
London Bridge: Guignol's Band II	publisher	1995
Guignol's Band	publisher	Éditions Denoël
The Big Book of Social Media	publisher	Yorkshire Publishing
Super Wrestle Angels	publisher	Imagineer
New in Town	publisher	Digital Chocolate
California Regulatory Notice Register	publisher	California Office of Administrative Law
Nosferatu	publisher	Viper Comics
Marcelo in the Real World	publisher	Scholastic, Inc.
Caballo de Troya 9: Caná	publisher	Planeta
Mixed Magics	publisher	HarperCollins
Fu-un Bakumatsu-den	publisher	Genki
Fu-un Bakumatsu-den	publisher	From Software
Wasafiri	publisher	Open University and Routledge
Battleship	publisher	Activision
Kaytek the Wizard	publisher	our authors  illustrators
Neue Zeitschrift für Systematische Theologie und Religionsphilosophie	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Musk-ox	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Gantenbein	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Levant	publisher	Cartea românească
Solal of the Solals	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Forza Horizon	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Mech Mice Genesis Strike	publisher	Spearhead Books
Balloon Cup	publisher	KOSMOS
Fear	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Dust and Ashes	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Pepperdine Law Review	publisher	Pepperdine University School of Law
The Long Shadow	publisher	Invincible Press
Once a Greek	publisher	Verlag der Arche
The Execution of Justice	publisher	Diogenes Verlag
Duo	publisher	Marianne
Duo	publisher	Ferenczi & fils
Just Let Me Be	publisher	Wener Laurie
It's Getting Later All the Time	publisher	Feltrinelli
The High Commissioner	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The High Commissioner	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Mud Life Magazine	publisher	Source Interlink Media
Coup de Grâce	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Lichtzwang	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Butterfly Valley: A Requiem	publisher	Brøndum
Four Freedoms	publisher	William Morrow
The Year My Parents Ruined My Life	publisher	Yearling Books
Realitatea Evreiască	publisher	Federation of Jewish Communities of Romania
Gravity Bone	publisher	Blendo Games
One Model Nation	publisher	Image Comics
Fable Heroes	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Back of Sunset	publisher	William Collins, Sons
North from Thursday	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Strike Me Lucky	publisher	Ure Smith
The Long Pursuit	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Long Pursuit	publisher	William Morrow and Company
WWE '13	publisher	THQ
WWE '13	publisher	2
Her Hidden Children	publisher	AltaMira Press
The Tribe of Witches	publisher	Oxbow Books
Sonic Extreme	publisher	Sega
Helga's Web	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Helga's Web	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Ransom	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Ransom	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Studia Patristica	publisher	Peeters Publishers
The Tale of a Manor	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Pulse of Danger	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Pulse of Danger	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Very Private War	publisher	William Collins, Sons
A Very Private War	publisher	William Morrow and Company
High Road to China	publisher	William Collins, Sons
High Road to China	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Peter's Pence	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Peter's Pence	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Dragons at the Party	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Dragons at the Party	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Botanicula	publisher	Amanita Design
Illusia	publisher	Gamevil
The Country of Marriage	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Country of Marriage	publisher	William Morrow
Bill Bergson Lives Dangerously	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Forests of the Night	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Forests of the Night	publisher	William Morrow
A Flight of Chariots	publisher	William Collins, Sons
A Flight of Chariots	publisher	William Morrow
The Fall of an Eagle	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Fall of an Eagle	publisher	William Morrow
Season of Doubt	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Season of Doubt	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Safe House	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Safe House	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Remember Jack Hoxie	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Remember Jack Hoxie	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Vortex	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Vortex	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Sound of Lightning	publisher	William Collins, Sons
A Sound of Lightning	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Man's Estate	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Man's Estate	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Faraway Drums	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Faraway Drums	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Mask of the Andes	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Mask of the Andes	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Golden Sabre	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Golden Sabre	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Beaufort Sisters	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Beaufort Sisters	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Spearfield's Daughter	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Spearfield's Daughter	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The City of Fading Light	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The City of Fading Light	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Now and Then, Amen	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Now and Then, Amen	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Babylon South	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Babylon South	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Murder Song	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Murder Song	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Pride's Harvest	publisher	HarperCollins
Pride's Harvest	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Dark Summer	publisher	HarperCollins
Dark Summer	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Bleak Spring	publisher	HarperCollins
Bleak Spring	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Autumn Maze	publisher	HarperCollins
Autumn Maze	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Winter Chill	publisher	HarperCollins
Winter Chill	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Endpeace	publisher	HarperCollins
Endpeace	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Five Ring Circus	publisher	HarperCollins
Five Ring Circus	publisher	William Morrow and Company
A Different Turf	publisher	HarperCollins
A Different Turf	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Dilemma	publisher	HarperCollins
Dilemma	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Bear Pit	publisher	HarperCollins
Bear Pit	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Yesterday's Shadow	publisher	HarperCollins
Yesterday's Shadow	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Easy Sin	publisher	HarperCollins
Miss Ambar Regrets	publisher	HarperCollins
Morning's Gone	publisher	HarperCollins
Four-Cornered Circle	publisher	HarperCollins
Uncommon Valour	publisher	Jada Press
Beyblade: Shogun Steel	publisher	Shogakukan
Flash Point: Fire Rescue	publisher	999
Flash Point: Fire Rescue	publisher	Hobby Japan
Flash Point: Fire Rescue	publisher	Indie Boards and Cards
Flash Point: Fire Rescue	publisher	MINDOK
Woody Woodpecker: Escape from Buzz Buzzard Park	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
The Phoenix Tree	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Method	publisher	Schöffling & Co.
The Dead All Have the Same Skin	publisher	Éditions du Scorpion
Scandinavian Journal of Educational Research	publisher	Routledge
Girls on the Run	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Thinkers of the New Left	publisher	Longman
Please Look After Mom	publisher	Changbi
All Souls' Day	publisher	Uitgeverij Atlas
The Monk, the Moor & Moses Ben Jalloun	publisher	HarperCollins
The Corn Maiden and Other Nightmares	publisher	Mysterious Press
Timemaster	publisher	Pacesetter Ltd
Timemaster	publisher	Goblinoid Games
The Hydrogen Sonata	publisher	Orbit Books
Bill Bergson and the White Rose Rescue	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Mass Effect	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Confusion	publisher	Insel-Verlag
Norma	publisher	Routledge
Ice	publisher	Ad Marginem
A Wanted Man	publisher	Bantam Press
A Wanted Man	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Affair	publisher	Bantam Press
The Affair	publisher	Dell Publishing
Interactive Science	publisher	Pearson
Black Rock Shooter: The Game	publisher	Imageepoch
Black Rock Shooter: The Game	publisher	NIS America
Every Nation for Itself	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
Variant	publisher	HarperTeen
Hitler's Daughter	publisher	HarperCollins
Somewhere Around the Corner	publisher	HarperCollins
Wasteland 2	publisher	inXile Entertainment
Fable for Another Time	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Normance	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
An Answer from the Silence	publisher	Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt
Little Pilgrim	publisher	Parallax
Sine Mora	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sine Mora	publisher	Kalypso Media
Christina Alberta's Father	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Christina Alberta's Father	publisher	Macmillan
Madumo, A Man Bewitched	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Conversations with Professor Y	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Shamans	publisher	Hambledon and London
Journal of Electronic Defense	publisher	Association of Old Crows
Crimson Dragon	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Blue Eyes, Black Hair	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
North	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Rigadoon	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The World of Poo	publisher	Doubleday
Cannon-Fodder	publisher	Editions Frédéric Chambriand
Double Jeopardy	publisher	Doubleday
Real Marriage	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Transformers: Prime – The Game	publisher	Activision
Witches Three	publisher	Twayne
A Sorrow Beyond Dreams	publisher	1972
A Sorrow Beyond Dreams	publisher	1975
Rune Legend	publisher	Dreadlocks Ltd
Runelight	publisher	Doubleday
The Dark Tower: The Little Sisters of Eluria	publisher	Marvel Comics
Ratchet & Clank Collection	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
MegaTraveller 2: Quest for the Ancients	publisher	Paragon Software
Saga	publisher	Image Comics
The Swan Thieves	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Vessel	publisher	IndiePub
Velvet Kiss	publisher	Takeshobo
Journal of Basic Microbiology	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Journal of Analytical Toxicology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Waiting for Sunrise	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Satantango	publisher	Magvető Könyvkiadó
Tulane Studies in Philosophy	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Biotropica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Association for Tropical Biology & Conservation
The Lemberg Mosaic	publisher	Alderbrook Press
Grammatical Man	publisher	Simon & Schuster
International Colloquium on Structural Information and Communication Complexity	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Colloquium on Structural Information and Communication Complexity	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Bubsy in Claws Encounters of the Furred Kind	publisher	Accolade, Retroism
Brave	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
No One Left to Lie To	publisher	Verso Books
Starting Over	publisher	Gallery Books
The Banner Saga	publisher	Versus Evil
Satori	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Soft & Cuddly	publisher	CRL Group
Agunpakhi	publisher	Sandhani Prakashani from Dhaka, Bangladesh and Dey's Publishing from Kolkata, India
The Encyclopedia of Dragons	publisher	Humanitas publishing house
The Melancholy of Resistance	publisher	Magvető Könyvkiadó
Bubsy 2	publisher	Accolade, Retroism
The Serious Game	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Nailcruncher	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Confrontation	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
The Simpsons: Tapped Out	publisher	EA Mobile
Publications of the Astronomical Society of Japan	publisher	Astronomical Society of Japan
The Pure and the Impure	publisher	J. Ferenczi & fils
13 Treasures	publisher	Hachette Digital
Small Wonder	publisher	HarperCollins
State of Decay	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Green Wake	publisher	Image Comics
The Atruaghin Clans	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Gon: Baku Baku Baku Baku Adventure	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Cats of Copenhagen	publisher	Ithys Press
Flow Chart	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Hotel Lautréamont	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Days in the History of Silence	publisher	Aschehoug
The Vertical Smile	publisher	New York, Dial Press
Winter Warriors	publisher	Bantam Press
Sweet Tooth	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Guitar Praise: Stryper	publisher	Digital Praise
The Undying Fire	publisher	Ballantine Books
Invaders from Rigel	publisher	Avalon Books
Ruby Red Trilogy	publisher	Arena Verlag , Henry Holt and Co.
Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds	publisher	GT Interactive
Peckhamia	publisher	Peckham Society
The Book of Drugs	publisher	Da Capo Press
My Game About Me: Olympic Challenge	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Europe's Inner Demons	publisher	Sussex University Press in association with Heinemann Educational Books
Suffragette Sally	publisher	Stanley Paul and Co
Suffragette Sally	publisher	Pandora
Suffragette Sally	publisher	Broadview
Epic Mickey: Power of Illusion	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Comparing Media Systems	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The White Pearl	publisher	Berkley Trade
Ultraviolins	publisher	University of the Philippines Press
Ultraviolins	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Putt-Putt Goes to the Moon	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Systematic Botany	publisher	American Society of Plant Taxonomists
Drums	publisher	Image Comics
Jumanji	publisher	Philips
The Solitudes	publisher	Bantam Books
Augustinianum	publisher	Patristic Institute Augustinianum
The Book of Folly	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Emily's Runaway Imagination	publisher	William Morrow and Co.
F1 2012	publisher	Codemasters, Feral Interactive
Monographs in Systematic Botany	publisher	Missouri Botanical Garden Press
Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas	publisher	Shri Tulsi Peeth Seva Nyas
The Ambition of Oda Nobuna	publisher	SoftBank Creative
The Ambition of Oda Nobuna	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
The Ambition of Oda Nobuna	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Ambition of Oda Nobuna	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Nakaimo - My Sister Is Among Them!	publisher	Media Factory
The Life of a Peasant Woman	publisher	Biblioteka dlya tchtenya
Mondomanila	publisher	Automatic Writings
Hōkago Play	publisher	ASCII Media Works
National Security Law Journal	publisher	George Mason University School of Law
Bubsy in Fractured Furry Tales	publisher	Atari
City of My Dreams	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Family Corleone	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Taito Memories	publisher	Taito Corporation
Windy McPherson's Son	publisher	John Lane Company, New York
Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition	publisher	Atari
The Girl from the Marsh Croft	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Hemlock Grove	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Anglo-Saxon Deviant Burial Customs	publisher	Oxford University Press
There But For The	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
There But For The	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Journal of Sir Walter Scott	publisher	David Douglas
The Pagan Middle Ages	publisher	Institut Historique Belge de Rome,
The Pagan Middle Ages	publisher	Boydell Press
The Bread-Winners	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Birds of Steel	publisher	Konami
Rules Compendium	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Magic Johnson's Fast Break	publisher	Arcadia Systems ;
Magic Johnson's Fast Break	publisher	DRO Soft ;
Magic Johnson's Fast Break	publisher	Tradewest ;
Magic Johnson's Fast Break	publisher	Melbourne House
Rubbers 7	publisher	Shogakukan
Bulletin of the John Rylands Library	publisher	Manchester University Press
Mistborn: Birthright	publisher	Little Orbit
Three Weeks	publisher	Gerald Duckworth
Pinjar	publisher	Tara Press
The Wolf Gift	publisher	Random House
The Fractal Prince	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Rock'n Wrestle	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Good Luck Girl!	publisher	Shueisha
Tari Tari	publisher	Square Enix
Campione!	publisher	Shueisha
Death Race	publisher	American Game Cartridges
The Kon-Tiki Expedition: By Raft Across the South Seas	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk forlag
The Kon-Tiki Expedition: By Raft Across the South Seas	publisher	George Allen & Unwin Ltd.
51 Ways to Save Her	publisher	Shinchosha
The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money	publisher	Coins & Currencies
The Twelve	publisher	Ballantine Books
BrowserQuest	publisher	Mozilla Foundation
Terror of the Stratus	publisher	Konami
Copper Sun	publisher	Atheneum Books
Decathlon	publisher	C&E
Mutant Mudds	publisher	Renegade Kid
The Sins of the Father	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Sins of the Father	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports	publisher	Hill and Wang
Living Bird	publisher	Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Lost Paradise	publisher	Uitgeverij Atlas
The Archaeological Journal	publisher	Royal Archaeological Institute
Natsuyuki Rendezvous	publisher	Shodensha
Who Wants to Be Me%3F	publisher	Hyperion
Men of War: Condemned Heroes	publisher	1
Atmosfear: Khufu the Mummy	publisher	Yoram Gross
Article 5	publisher	Tor Books
The Pinochet File	publisher	The New Press
Prin	publisher	Dimitris Desyllas.
The Google Story	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Abbey	publisher	Edtura Nemira
Rhymes of Northern Bards	publisher	George Angus
Bang Bang Racing	publisher	Digital Reality
A Coin in Nine Hands	publisher	Éditions Grasset
A Vigil for Joe Rose	publisher	IUniverse
Psycho-Pass	publisher	Shueisha
Psycho-Pass	publisher	Mag Garden
From the New World	publisher	Kodansha
From the New World	publisher	Kōdansha
So, I Can't Play H!	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Bluebeard	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Pesterminator: The Western Exterminator	publisher	Color Dreams
Capsized	publisher	Alientrap, indiePub
The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi	publisher	Arbeiderspers
The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
After Burst	publisher	Masaya
Astro Rabby	publisher	Information Global Service
Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman	publisher	Insel-Verlag
As I See It	publisher	Rupa Publications
The Secret Dream-lives of Engineers	publisher	The Wordsmith Press
The Pirates! in an Adventure with the Romantics	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Siege	publisher	Viking Press
Kono Mystery ga Sugoi!	publisher	Takarajimasha
23,000	publisher	Zakharov Books
Skate or Die: Tour de Thrash	publisher	Electronic Arts
Championship Hockey	publisher	U.S. Gold
Basketball Nightmare	publisher	Sega
Magnetic Soccer	publisher	Nintendo
Viruses	publisher	MDPI
Growing Up In New Guinea	publisher	Blue Ribbon Books
Mel Bay's Deluxe Encyclopedia of Guitar Chords	publisher	Mel Bay
The Sorrow of War	publisher	Hội nhà văn
The Secret	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Running Battle	publisher	Sega
Poseidon Wars 3-D	publisher	Sega
Our Struggle	publisher	Vrij Nederland
Developmental Dynamics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Toxic Crusaders	publisher	Bandai
Toxic Crusaders	publisher	Sega
Wayne Gretzky Hockey	publisher	Bethesda Softworks; THQ
Schneepart	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
On What Matters	publisher	Oxford University Press
Afterimage	publisher	Visual Studies Workshop
Cultural Studies	publisher	Routledge
Stonemouth	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Monster Hunter Hunting Card	publisher	Japan: Capcom
The Malady of Death	publisher	Les Éditions de Minuit
Chatan Yarakuu Shanku – The Karate Tournament	publisher	Mitchell Corporation
Akumajō Special: Boku Dracula-kun	publisher	Konami
Darah Muda	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Der kleine Vampir	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
Heathen Gods in Old English Literature	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Archaeology of Hindu Ritual	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Marvel: Avengers Alliance	publisher	Playdom
Marvel: Avengers Alliance	publisher	Disney Interactive
Beyond the Witch Trials	publisher	Manchester University Press
Imagine: How Creativity Works	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Shadowrun Returns	publisher	Harebrained Schemes
From Reverence to Rape	publisher	New English Library
Hot Wheels Track Attack	publisher	THQ
Among Others	publisher	Tor Books
Among Others	publisher	Corsair
Repetition	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
The Dervish House	publisher	Pyr
Nocturnal	publisher	Crown Publishing
Ritual	publisher	Hutchinson/Arrow
Brake	publisher	Street & Smith
Ketzal's Corridors	publisher	Nintendo
The Genie of Sutton Place	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
The Amazon	publisher	Otechestvennye zapiski
Obabakoak	publisher	Erein
Im Dienst des Diktators	publisher	Ueberreuter
Dinosaur Hour	publisher	Poplar Publishing
Zen Pinball 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Zen Pinball 2	publisher	Zen Studios
Resident Evil	publisher	Capcom
Frog and Toad All Year	publisher	Harper & Row
Dead Space 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bollywood Striptease	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Autumn in Peking	publisher	Éditions du Scorpion
Project CARS	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Project CARS	publisher	Slightly Mad Studios
The Great Enigma	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Lost Planet 3	publisher	Capcom
Phoenix IV: The History of the Videogame Industry	publisher	Rolenta Press
Sins of a Dark Age	publisher	Ironclad Games, Steam
Searching for Whitopia	publisher	Hachette Books
The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics	publisher	Macdonald Unit 75
Confession of a Murderer	publisher	A. de Lange
Beyond Sleep	publisher	De Bezige Bij
Five A Day	publisher	Llamasoft
Can't Anybody Here Play This Game%3F	publisher	Viking Press
A Good Librarian Like a Good Shepherd	publisher	Enterbrain
The Buried Pyramid	publisher	Tom Doherty Associates
New Review of Film and Television Studies	publisher	Routledge
Spider-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Journal of Insect Science	publisher	Indian Society for the Advancement of Insect Science
Continuum: Journal of Media & Cultural Studies	publisher	Routledge
Fear the Darkness	publisher	Black Flame
Red Shadows	publisher	Black Flame
Sins of the Father	publisher	Black Flame
Sentinels of the Multiverse	publisher	Greater Than Games
The Pet Girl of Sakurasou	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Pet Girl of Sakurasou	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Pharmacists Association
Project X Zone	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
I Don't Want To Blow You Up!	publisher	Magic Propaganda Mill Books
Journal of Multilingual and Multicultural Development	publisher	Routledge
The Casual Vacancy	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd	publisher	Sega
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend	publisher	Sega
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend	publisher	Dwango Music Entertainment
Hatsune Miku and Future Stars: Project Mirai	publisher	Sega
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade	publisher	Sega
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade	publisher	Dwango Music Entertainment
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA	publisher	Sega
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA	publisher	Dwango Music Entertainment
Vampire: Darkstalkers Collection	publisher	Capcom
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA F	publisher	Sega
Critical Arts	publisher	Routledge
A Book of Milliganimals	publisher	Dobson Books Limited
The First Century after Beatrice	publisher	Lattès
English Studies	publisher	Routledge
Ports of Call	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Miku Flick	publisher	Sega
Avengers Assemble	publisher	Marvel Comics
Curse of Dragor	publisher	Domark
Inter-Asia Cultural Studies	publisher	Routledge
Canyon Shooter 2	publisher	Miniclip
Mr. Monk Is a Mess	publisher	Signet Books
Clinical Psychology Review	publisher	Pergamon Press
Infected	publisher	Crown Publishing
Parallax	publisher	Routledge
Human Smoke	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Consent of the Networked	publisher	Basic Books
High Sorcery	publisher	Ace Books
Wizards' Worlds	publisher	Tor Books
Chitose Get You!!	publisher	Takeshobo
Contagious	publisher	Crown Publishing
Blooms of Darkness	publisher	Keter Publishing House
Alice	publisher	S. Fischer
Dream of Ding Village	publisher	Shanghai wenyi
New Finnish Grammar	publisher	Bompiani
From the Mouth of the Whale	publisher	Bjartur
Sugoi Hebereke	publisher	Sunsoft
Hunting and Gathering	publisher	Le Dilettante
Serpent's Tongue	publisher	UnBound Games
Shamanism: Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy	publisher	Librarie Payot
Student Hidjo	publisher	Sinar Hindia
Student Hidjo	publisher	Masman & Stroink
Swami Vivekananda in the West: New Discoveries	publisher	Advaita Ashrama, Kolkata
Berg Encyclopedia of World Dress and Fashion	publisher	Berg Publishers
Erklärte Nacht	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
The Tennis Court Oath	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Chinese Whispers	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Roads to Santiago	publisher	Uitgeverij Atlas
Punashcha Professor Shonku	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Selam Professor Shonku	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Shabash Professor Shonku	publisher	Ananda Publishers
The Löwensköld Ring	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Charlotte Löwensköld	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Jungle Lovers	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Jungle Lovers	publisher	The Bodley Head
Leisure Suit Larry: Reloaded	publisher	Replay Games
Leisure Suit Larry: Reloaded	publisher	Codemasters
Funaki Masakatsu: Hybrid Wrestler	publisher	Technōs Japan
Norse Gods and Giants	publisher	Doubleday
Aerie	publisher	University of Hartford
To Crush the Moon	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Dian yang Tak Kunjung Padam	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Dian yang Tak Kunjung Padam	publisher	Dian Rakyat
Marriage	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Advanced Drug Delivery Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
The Collapsium	publisher	Del Rey Books
Vascular Pharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Fear	publisher	Reclam
Tar: A Midwest Childhood	publisher	Boni & Liveright, New York
Super Monday Night Combat	publisher	Uber Entertainment
Gender & History	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Football Academy	publisher	EA Sports
Port Royale 3: Pirates & Merchants	publisher	Kalypso Media
Professor Shonkur Kandokarkhana	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Brodeck's Report	publisher	Stock
The Many Worlds of Andre Norton	publisher	Chilton Publishing Company
Ten-Thirty on a Summer Night	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Sea Wall	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Perilous Dreams	publisher	DAW Books
Moon Mirror	publisher	Tor Books
Café 0: The Drowned Mermaid	publisher	RoseVeRte
Destined	publisher	HarperTeen
Destined	publisher	HarperCollins
Basic Battle Skills	publisher	HMSO
Kuromajo-san ga Toru!!	publisher	Kodansha
World Gone Sour	publisher	Capcom
God of War: Ascension	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Hazaras of Afghanistan	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Hazara People and Greater Khorasan	publisher	M Ibrahim Afghanistani
007 Legends	publisher	Activision
Cogan's Trade	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Political Ecology	publisher	University of Arizona Library
Sand	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
Information Technologies and International Development	publisher	USC Annenberg Press
The Glass Room	publisher	Other Press
Altima Ace	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Beijing Coma	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Pro Evolution Soccer 2013	publisher	Konami
Un Soir du Paris	publisher	Gramedia Pustaka Utama
Chaos Code	publisher	Arc System Works
The Darkroom of Damocles	publisher	G. A. van Oorschot
Paragliding Simulation	publisher	Loriciels
Novel: A Forum on Fiction	publisher	Duke University Press
The Apostle	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ratha's Challenge	publisher	Maxwell
Eline Vere	publisher	Van Kampen
No Regrets	publisher	VH1 Books
Die Niemandsrose	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Der Sand aus den Urnen	publisher	A. Sexl
Mohn und Gedächtnis	publisher	Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt
Von Schwelle zu Schwelle	publisher	Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt
Zeitgehöft	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Sprachgitter	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
New Super Mario Bros. 2	publisher	Nintendo
Thief of Thieves	publisher	Image Comics
Thief of Thieves	publisher	Skybound
Predator 2	publisher	Image Works
Predator 2	publisher	Konami
Predator 2	publisher	Mirrorsoft
The Hazaras	publisher	Mughal Publishing Company
Dead Reckoning: Memories of the 1971 Bangladesh War	publisher	C. Hurst & Co.
Just Dance: Best Of	publisher	Ubisoft
Game Over: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State, and the Culture of Silence	publisher	HarperCollins
Lone Survivor	publisher	Superflat Games
Lone Survivor	publisher	Curve Studios
Carmageddon: Reincarnation	publisher	Stainless Games
Julie's Wolf Pack	publisher	HarperCollins
At the Bottom of the River	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Diary of a Wombat	publisher	Clarion Books
Maoh: Juvenile Remix	publisher	Shogakukan
Românul	publisher	Vintilă Rosetti
Shin's Tricycle	publisher	Walker & Company
PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Textual Practice	publisher	Routledge
The Sorrow Gondola	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction	publisher	Berkley Books
Southern California Review of Law and Social Justice	publisher	University of Southern California
Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere	publisher	Verso
Bakugyaku Familia	publisher	Kodansha
No, They Can't	publisher	Threshold Editions
Nekketsu Kakutō Densetsu	publisher	Technōs Japan
Review of Income and Wealth	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Army Corps of Hell	publisher	Square Enix
Asphalt: Injection	publisher	Ubisoft
Wizardry Online	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Legend	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Legend	publisher	Penguin Books
Casualties of Peace	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Casualties of Peace	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Rise of Magic in Early Medieval Europe	publisher	Princeton University Press
Joyland	publisher	Hard Case Crime
The Second Shift	publisher	Viking Penguin
The Outsourced Self	publisher	Metropolitan Books
I Am a Pole	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
God Eater 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Puzzle Strike: Bag of Chips	publisher	
Mastiff	publisher	Random House
Koutetsu Yousai Strahl	publisher	UPL
Koutetsu Yousai Strahl	publisher	NMK
Gemini Wars	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
The Racketeer	publisher	Doubleday
Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age	publisher	Československý spisovatel
The Settlers Online	publisher	Ubisoft
Endocrine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Glass Geishas	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Mole Kart	publisher	Shanghai Shengran Information Technology
The Winning Way	publisher	Westland And Tranquebar Press
Henry and the Clubhouse	publisher	Dell/Yearling
An Uncertain Place	publisher	Éditions Viviane Hamy
Call of Duty: Black Ops II	publisher	Activision
Rayman Legends	publisher	Ubisoft
Sakura Gari	publisher	Shogakukan
When She Woke	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill
When She Woke	publisher	HarperCollins
Vercoquin and the Plankton	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Red Grass	publisher	Éditions Toutain
Turmoil in the Swaths	publisher	La Jeune Parque
Elvis: What Happened%3F	publisher	Ballantine Books
Rules of Attraction	publisher	Walker Publishing Company Inc.
Kingdom Rush	publisher	Armor Games
Stalins Brigade	publisher	Kukkus local committee of AUCP(b)/Kukkus Executive Committee
The Horse Whisperer	publisher	Delacorte Press
Stimme des Stoßbrigadlers	publisher	Krasny Kut local committee of AUCP(b)/Krasny Kut Executive Committee
Nameless Cults	publisher	Chaosium
Bokko	publisher	Shogakukan
Bauer und Arbeiter	publisher	German section, Communist Party (bolshevik) of Azerbaijan
Red Claw	publisher	Orbit Books
Rote Jugend	publisher	Volga German ASSR regional committee, Komsomol
Lone Survivor	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Der Landmann	publisher	German Section, Siberian Bureau, RCP
Zum Kommunismus!	publisher	Volga German regional committee, Russian Young Communist League
On Snow	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
La vita agra	publisher	Rizzoli, Bompiani
Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Sachin: A Hundred Hundreds Now	publisher	Harper Collins
Chaos Rings Omega	publisher	Square Enix
Incident at Hawk's Hill	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Circle	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
The Circle	publisher	Random House
Planisphere	publisher	HarperCollins
Philip and the Others	publisher	Querido
The House of Doctor Dee	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Sign Language Studies	publisher	Gallaudet University Press
The Serpent's Shadow	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Animaniacs: Ten Pin Alley	publisher	ASC Games
Eastern Economic Journal	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan on behalf of the Eastern Economic Association
Twenty-Four Hours in the Life of a Woman	publisher	Insel-Verlag
Beware of Pity	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Infamous: Post Blast	publisher	DC Comics
Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed	publisher	Sega
Kill Your Friends	publisher	Heinemann
Omega Minor	publisher	J.M. Meulenhoff
Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly	publisher	O'Brien Center for Scholarly Publications, University of California, Hastings College of the Law
Possum Magic	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
It's Even Worse Than It Looks	publisher	Basic Books
The First Commandment	publisher	Pocket Books
Short Letter, Long Farewell	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
Malina	publisher	Suhrkamp Verlag
The Myth of the Vaginal Orgasm	publisher	New England Free Press
Time to Smell the Roses	publisher	Speak, a division of Penguin Putnam
Aliens Infestation	publisher	Sega
The Artist of the Beautiful	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Charming Quirks of Others	publisher	Little Brown
Legend of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Sega
All the King's Men	publisher	Harcourt
The Bishoprick Garland	publisher	Nichols, and Baldwin & Cradock, London
Timbuctoo	publisher	Secretum Mundi Publishing
Carnivorous Plants of Australia	publisher	University of Western Australia Press
Tenth of December: Stories	publisher	Random House
Holy Talker	publisher	Kodansha
Eve's Ransom	publisher	Lawrence & Bullen
Victorian Review	publisher	Victorian Studies Association of Western Canada
The Lost Art of Gratitude	publisher	Little Brown
The Comfort of Saturdays	publisher	Little Brown
The Dog Who Came in from the Cold	publisher	Polygon
A Conspiracy of Friends	publisher	Polygon
Stunt GP	publisher	Eon Digital Entertainment
Stunt GP	publisher	Atari
Stunt GP	publisher	Titus France
Stunt GP	publisher	Titus Software
Murphy's Law	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Mothers and Other Liars	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Worlds' Finest	publisher	DC Comics
The Elder Scrolls Online	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Gospel According to John	publisher	William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company
Bloodforge	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Stonekeep: Bones of the Ancestors	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
All Fall Down, The Brandon deWilde Story	publisher	Faces, Incorporated
The Moffat Museum	publisher	Harcourt, Brace & World
Song in the Clouds	publisher	Writers Publishing House
Asmara Jaya	publisher	Balai Pustaka
The Body Electric	publisher	Harper Paperbacks
Murphy's Revenge	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
A Beuk o’ Newcassell Sangs Collected by Joseph Crawhall 1888	publisher	Mawson, Swan & Morgan
Other Lives but Mine	publisher	P.O.L.
Reservoir Pups	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Coded Soul: Uketsugareshi Idea	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Prescrire	publisher	Association mieux prescrire
Bring Up the Bodies	publisher	HarperCollins
Bring Up the Bodies	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Entomologisk tidskrift	publisher	Entomological Society of Sweden
Pac-Man Games	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Dancing Eyes	publisher	Namco
Silent Hill HD Collection	publisher	Konami
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	The Learning Company
The Hidden Force	publisher	L.J. Veen
The Canadian Geographer	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Canadian Association of Geographers / l'Association canadienne des géographes
MIB: Alien Crisis	publisher	Activision
Applied Thermal Engineering	publisher	Elsevier
Sukeban Shachou Rena	publisher	Jorudan
Jetpack Joyride	publisher	Halfbrick Studios
Jetpack Joyride	publisher	Beatshapers
Jetpack Joyride	publisher	Big Ant Studios
Paranoia	publisher	G. A. van Oorschot
The Shadowcatchers	publisher	Austcine, Australian Cinematographers Society
17 Poems	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
This is Not a Book	publisher	Penguin Group
Face of a Hero	publisher	Harcourt, Brace
The War of Art	publisher	Black Irish Books
The Wolf Among Us	publisher	Telltale Games
Deer Drive Legends	publisher	Maximum Games
The Bone Season	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Great Hunger: Ireland 1845-1849	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Great Hunger: Ireland 1845-1849	publisher	Harper and Row
Main-Travelled Roads	publisher	Arena Publishing Company
The Kommandant's Girl	publisher	Mira
European Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
European Journal of Pharmaceutics and Biopharmaceutics	publisher	Elsevier
Bring Me the Head of Oliver Plunkett	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
The Tyne Songster	publisher	W & T Fordyce
Company of Heroes 2	publisher	Sega
Batman	publisher	Ocean Software
You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News	publisher	Plume
The Functions of the Executive	publisher	Harvard University Press
Communication Monographs	publisher	Routledge
Journal of Applied Communication Research	publisher	Routledge
Frog and the Birdsong	publisher	Leopold
MotoHeroz	publisher	RedLynx, Ubisoft
The Rainbow Stories	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Sleeping Car	publisher	J.R. Osgood and Co. / Ticknor and Fields
Ian's Walk: A Story about Autism	publisher	Albert Whitman & Company
N.O.V.A. 3	publisher	Gameloft
The Whale Caller	publisher	Picador
Opportunity: A Journal of Negro Life	publisher	National Urban League
Moai Kun	publisher	Konami
Journal of the Korean Astronomical Society	publisher	Korean Astronomical Society
Journal of Film Preservation	publisher	International Federation of Film Archives
That Summer	publisher	Julia MacRae Books
The Sociological Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
China Economic Review	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Chinese Economists Society
The Witch of Hebron	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
DrawRace 2	publisher	Chillingo
Descendants of Hazrat Mai Safoora Qadiriyya	publisher	Sahibzada Yousaf Tahir Miana Farooqi
Doruntine	publisher	1980
Journal of Policy Analysis and Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management
Blood Feud	publisher	Dutton Penguin
El Narco: Inside Mexico's Criminal Insurgency	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
République	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Olney Daily Mail	publisher	GateHouse Media
The Psychology of Self-Esteem	publisher	Nash ,
The Psychology of Self-Esteem	publisher	Jossey-Bass
Tales from the Aniverse	publisher	Arrow Comics
Tales from the Aniverse	publisher	Wee Bee Comics
Tales from the Aniverse	publisher	Massive Comics
Abundance: The Future Is Better Than You Think	publisher	Free Press
Abundance: The Future Is Better Than You Think	publisher	Tantor Audio
Facial Angles	publisher	R. Wild & J. Altheer, Utrecht
Il Cromuele	publisher	Manolessi
Little Arliss	publisher	Harper & Row
Soul Sacrifice	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Aruvu Rezuru: Kikaijikake no Yōseitachi	publisher	Kodansha
Adventure Time: Hey Ice King! Why'd You Steal Our Garbage%3F!!	publisher	D3 Publisher
Adventure Time: Hey Ice King! Why'd You Steal Our Garbage%3F!!	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Weapon of Choice	publisher	Mommy's Best Games
The Origin and Development of the Moral Ideas	publisher	1906
Il Conquisto di Granata	publisher	Soliani
Zarb-e-Sukhan	publisher	Urdu Tehreek Karachi, London, The Hague
Cloudberry Kingdom	publisher	Ubisoft
Amazing Alex	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Autobiography of a Family Photo	publisher	Dutton Adult
A Counterfeit Presentment	publisher	James R. Osgood
My Stroke of Insight	publisher	Viking
Marvel Avengers: Battle for Earth	publisher	Ubisoft
Jerusalem	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Surabaya	publisher	Merdeka Press
Molecular Aspects of Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Mathematics and the Arts	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Lady of The Aroostook	publisher	H.O. Houghton and Company
Art of Murder: Cards of Destiny	publisher	City Interactive
The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Who Is Ayn Rand%3F	publisher	Random House
Ruins	publisher	Simon Pulse
Journal of the Chinese Language Teachers Association	publisher	Chinese Language Teachers Association
A Man's Woman	publisher	Doubleday & McClure Company
A Member of the Third House	publisher	D. Appleton & Company
The Jamesons	publisher	Curtis Publishing Company
1000 Heroz	publisher	RedLynx
A Deal in Wheat and Other Stories of the New and Old West	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
The Bronx Zoo	publisher	Crown Publishers
In One Person	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Barbie Horse Adventures: Mystery Ride	publisher	Universal Interactive
Barbie Horse Adventures: Blue Ribbon Race	publisher	VU Games
Bridge of Scarlet Leaves	publisher	Kensington
Journal of Intercultural Communication Research	publisher	Routledge
NHL 13	publisher	EA Sports
Awesomenauts	publisher	Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, Xbox One, PlayStation 4
Awesomenauts	publisher	Ronimo Games
Awesomenauts	publisher	PlayStation 3, Xbox 360
Awesomenauts	publisher	Dtp entertainment
America's Four Gods	publisher	Oxford University Press
Salem	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Curveball: The Year I Lost My Grip	publisher	Scholastic Publishings
The Covenant with Black America	publisher	Third World Press
Jacob's Ladder	publisher	Candlewick Press
Jacob's Ladder	publisher	Orchard Books
Railsea	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pallurikio	publisher	Playstos Entertainment
Girls und Panzer	publisher	Media Factory
Girls und Panzer	publisher	Media Factory
House of Odd	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Rich and the Rest of Us	publisher	Third World Press
Monster Trucks Nitro	publisher	Miniclip, RedLynx
Las Dos Almas del Ser	publisher	Bubok
NASCAR The Game: Inside Line	publisher	Activision
Gründtliche Beschreibung der Kunst des Fechtens	publisher	Thiebolt Berger
Odd Girls and Twilight Lovers	publisher	Columbia University Press
Albany Law Journal of Science and Technology	publisher	Albany Law School
Critical Studies in Media Communication	publisher	Routledge
Linked: The New Science of Networks	publisher	Perseus Books Group
France's Songs of the Bards of the Tyne - 1850	publisher	P. France & Co.
OniAi	publisher	Media Factory
Journal of Sensory Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Food Safety	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Food Quality	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Food Processing and Preservation	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings	publisher	Thomas Allan
Journal of Food Process Engineering	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Food Biochemistry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Texture Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Insurgent	publisher	Katherine Tegen Books
Administrative Behavior	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Paying Guest	publisher	Cassell
King Ink	publisher	Black Spring Press
Akai Katana	publisher	CAVE
Akai Katana	publisher	Rising Star Games
King Ink II	publisher	Black Spring Press
Life and Death Are Wearing Me Out	publisher	Arcade
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster	publisher	Pacific Comics
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster	publisher	Eclipse Comics
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster	publisher	Tundra Publishing
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster	publisher	Caliber Comics
Doc Stearn...Mr. Monster	publisher	Image Comics
Are You Smart Enough to Work at Google%3F	publisher	Little Brown
The Journey Down	publisher	Skygoblin
El Negro Blanco	publisher	Clarín
Di Bawah Lindungan Ka'bah	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Di Bawah Lindungan Ka'bah	publisher	Bulan Bintang
Asian Journal of Communication	publisher	Routledge
The Secret River	publisher	Scribners
Tesla Effect: A Tex Murphy Adventure	publisher	Atlus
Saint Seiya: The Sanctuary	publisher	Bandai
Destiny	publisher	Activision
Rollercoaster Mania	publisher	6
The History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union	publisher	Publishing houses in the Soviet Union
Silver Marches	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Great American City	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Marilyn: Norma Jean	publisher	Henry Holt & Co
Marilyn: Norma Jean	publisher	New American Library
Guitar Rock Tour 2	publisher	Gameloft
Monster Love	publisher	Fig Tree
Joy Ride Turbo	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Research in Teacher Education	publisher	University of East London
World Psychiatry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the World Psychiatric Association
Military History Monthly	publisher	Current Publishing
Game of Thrones Ascent	publisher	Disruptor Beam
Two Graves	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Titanic 2020	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
The International Journal of Developmental Biology	publisher	University of the Basque Country
Rossiyskiy Psikhiatricheskiy Zhurnal	publisher	GEOTAR-Media Publishing Group
Journal of Mechanics of Materials and Structures	publisher	Mathematical Sciences Publishers
The Gnarly Man	publisher	Street & Smith
Perfect Combination	publisher	Between The Lines Productions, Inc.
The Punisher	publisher	Marvel Comics
Shamrock Alley	publisher	Medallion Press
Nevermore: The Final Maximum Ride Adventure	publisher	Little, Brown And Company
Hot Springs Story	publisher	Samsung Electronics
International Emergency Nursing	publisher	Elsevier
Antitrust Law Journal	publisher	American Bar Association
Whispers Under Ground	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Lost Squire of Inglewood	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Deceivers: Allied Military Deception in the Second World War	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
International Catalogue of Scientific Papers	publisher	Smithsonian Institution
The Cave	publisher	Sega
Yakuza 5	publisher	Sega
Child Development	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research in Child Development.
The Musician's Handbook	publisher	Billboard Books - Imprint of Watson Guptill
Dark	publisher	Kalypso Media
Bekhterev Review of Psychiatry and Medical Psychology	publisher	Media Medica on behalf of the Bekhterev Psychoneurological Research Institute in St. Petersburg
Hello Muddah, Hello Faddah!	publisher	Davis Dutton
NBA 2K13	publisher	2
Titanic 2020: Cannibal City	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Cell Reports	publisher	Cell Press
The Vampire	publisher	Fisher, Saint Petersburg
Iron Front: Liberation 1944	publisher	Deep Silver
Rites of the Gods	publisher	J. M. Dent
Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World	publisher	Éditions Grasset & Fasquelle
End This Depression Now!	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
His Holiness: The Secret Papers of Benedict XVI	publisher	Chiarelettere
The Idea of India	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Marshall's Collection of Songs, Comic, Satirical 1827	publisher	John Marshall
Soviet Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
Macdonald Hall Goes Hollywood	publisher	Scholastic Canada Ltd.
Zill O'll Infinite	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Narrow Boat	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
La Cleopatra	publisher	Sarzina
Behind the Burma Road	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode II	publisher	Sega
The Loner	publisher	Headline
Higher Earth	publisher	Boom! Studios
The Swerve: How the World Became Modern	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
George F. Kennan: An American Life	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
U.S. Foreign Policy	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Riddle of the Seventh Stone	publisher	zubaan books details.asp?BookID=158
Magic: The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Trump: The Art of the Deal	publisher	Random House
Al Jamila	publisher	en
Blood Lad	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
El Hornero	publisher	Department of Ecology, Genetics, and Evolution  of the Universidad de Buenos Aires  on behalf of Aves Argentinas-Asociación Ornitológica del Plata
Akimi Village	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
Nuclear Strike	publisher	Electronic Arts
Nuclear Strike	publisher	THQ
TekWar	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Upara	publisher	Granthali
James Weams' Tyneside Song Book 1887	publisher	John B. Barnes, Printer, 5, Groat Market, Newcastle
Murder Is Corny	publisher	Viking Press
Poison à la Carte	publisher	Viking Press
Arrajol	publisher	en
Murder Is No Joke	publisher	Viking Press
Hatoful Boyfriend	publisher	MIST PSI PRESS
Hatoful Boyfriend	publisher	Devolver Digital
The New Hate	publisher	Pantheon Books
L'Usine nouvelle	publisher	Groupe Industrie Services Info
Grande Prairie Daily Herald-Tribune	publisher	Sun Media
Cross Fire	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Matters of Discretion	publisher	Penguin Books/Hay House
International Journal of Cultural Policy	publisher	Routledge
How to Be an American Housewife	publisher	Penguin Publishing
Journal of Biotechnology	publisher	Elsevier
Divinity: Original Sin	publisher	Larian Studios
Divinity: Original Sin	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe	publisher	Villard Books
Biotechnology Advances	publisher	Elsevier
Abacus	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Accounting Foundation
Divide and Rule	publisher	Street & Smith
Doom 3 BFG Edition	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Iranian South Medical Journal	publisher	Bushehr University of Medical Sciences
Guardians of Middle-earth	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Chicago	publisher	HarperPerennial
Not Dark Yet: A Personal History	publisher	Giramondo Publishing
Firebugs	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Text, Speech and Dialogue	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Warhammer Online: Wrath of Heroes	publisher	Electronic Arts
Uzbek Soviet Encyclopedia	publisher	Uzbek Soviet Encyclopedia Publishing House
Wirtschaftsdienst	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Bourne Imperative	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Injustice: Gods Among Us	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Journal of Multivariate Analysis	publisher	Elsevier
The Thought Gang	publisher	Polygon Books
The Thought Gang	publisher	The New Press
East Asian Economic Review	publisher	Korea Institute for International Economic Policy
Star Wars 1313	publisher	LucasArts
Tales of Graces	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Skulduggery Pleasant: Kingdom of the Wicked	publisher	HarperCollins
Sports Champions 2	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Studies on Homer and the Homeric Age	publisher	Oxford University Press
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Third Wheel	publisher	Abrams Books
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – Dawnguard	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Annals of Applied Statistics	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Need for Speed: Most Wanted	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rabbids Rumble	publisher	Ubisoft
Rabbids Rumble	publisher	Nickelodeon
The Other Barack	publisher	PublicAffairs
The Butterfly Garden	publisher	HCI Books
Resistance, Politics, and the American Struggle for Independence, 1765–1775	publisher	Lynne Rienner
Diario 2001	publisher	Bloque De Armas
Ratman	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Black Wings Has My Angel	publisher	Gold Medal Books
American Grown	publisher	Crown
Dizionario Biografico degli Italiani	publisher	Istituto dell'Enciclopedia Italiana
Sizzling Sixteen	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Ultimate Revelations	publisher	Oriole Books
Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2	publisher	Konami
Theophilus North	publisher	Harper & Row
The Cure for Death by Lightning	publisher	Knopf Canada
Serpent Kingdoms	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Map Folio	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Player's Guide to Faerûn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Shining South	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Sharn: City of Towers	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Races of Eberron	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
City of Splendors: Waterdeep	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Magic of Eberron	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dungeon Tiles	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Secrets of Xen'drik	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Power of Faerûn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Faiths of Eberron	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mysteries of the Moonsea	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Player's Guide to Eberron	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dragons of Faerûn	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dragonmarked	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Secrets of Sarlona	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Forge of War	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dragons of Eberron	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Exemplars of Evil	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dungeon Survival Guide	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
An Adventurer's Guide to Eberron	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
City of Stormreach	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Grand History of the Realms	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mr g	publisher	Pantheon Books
Tenggelamnya Kapal van der Wijck	publisher	Several
Northumbrian Minstrelsy	publisher	Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne
Family Guy: Back to the Multiverse	publisher	Activision
Hounded	publisher	Del Rey Books
Hexed	publisher	Del Rey Books
Tricked	publisher	Del Rey Books
Trapped	publisher	Del Rey Books
Novus	publisher	www.firehawkgames.com
The Way Through the Woods	publisher	BBC Books
The Terrible Truth About Liberals	publisher	Taylor Trade Publishing
Internet Dates from Hell	publisher	IUniverse
The Fix	publisher	HarperCollins
Dance Central 3	publisher	Harmonix
New and Selected Poems	publisher	Bloodaxe Books
Navshakti	publisher	Indian National Press
Space Alert	publisher	Czech Games Edition
Space Alert	publisher	Heidelberger Spieleverlag
Space Alert	publisher	Quined White Goblin Games
Space Alert	publisher	Red Glove
Space Alert	publisher	Rio Grande Games
The Family	publisher	University of Tokyo Press
Ascend: Hand of Kul	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Ascend: Hand of Kul	publisher	Signal Studios
LocoCycle	publisher	Microsoft Studios
SimCity Social	publisher	Electronic Arts
Nike+ Kinect Training	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Kinect Nat Geo TV	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Kinect Sesame Street TV	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Kinect Sesame Street TV	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Matter	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Just Dance 4	publisher	Ubisoft
Wreckateer	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Tasmania's Wilderness Battles	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Watch Dogs	publisher	Ubisoft
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Blacklist	publisher	Ubisoft
Assassin's Creed III: Liberation	publisher	Ubisoft
Wonderbook	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Madden NFL Social	publisher	Electronic Arts
Beyond: Two Souls	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Innovator's Dilemma	publisher	Harvard Business Review Press; 1st edition
ZombiU	publisher	Ubisoft
Code of Princess	publisher	Nintendo 3DS
Code of Princess	publisher	Agatsuma Entertainment Microsoft Windows
In Search of Our Origins	publisher	Oriole Book Publishers, CreateSpace
Sing Party	publisher	Nintendo
Scribblenauts Unlimited	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Scribblenauts Unlimited	publisher	Nintendo
Wii Fit U	publisher	Nintendo
Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge	publisher	Wii U
Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge	publisher	PlayStation 3 & Xbox 360
Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Nintendo Land	publisher	Nintendo
Defiance	publisher	Trion Worlds
Conan the Relentless	publisher	Tor Books
Rabbids Land	publisher	Ubisoft
The Wonderful 101	publisher	Nintendo
Game & Wario	publisher	Nintendo
Indomitable Will	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Just Dance: Disney Party	publisher	Ubisoft
The Chosen One	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Castlevania: Lords of Shadow – Mirror of Fate	publisher	Konami
Judgement Chime	publisher	Etsu
Judgement Chime	publisher	Etsu
Boyarshchina	publisher	Biblioteka Dlya Chtenya
Blackout	publisher	Orbit Books
Where They Were Missed	publisher	Viking Press
Everybody Dance	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Hasta La Vista	publisher	OMSCA-1
The Mobile Wave	publisher	Perseus Books Group
The Northumbrian Minstrel	publisher	William Davison
This Is Life	publisher	Canongate Books
Where Is My Heart%3F	publisher	Copenhagen Game Collective
Cycle of Violence	publisher	HarperCollins
Rekoil	publisher	505
Gears of War 4	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition	publisher	Atari
Too Big to Know	publisher	Basic Books
Major League Baseball 2K5	publisher	2
Cemetery Girl	publisher	New American Library
1636: The Kremlin Games	publisher	Baen Books
Gu Jian Qi Tan	publisher	Gamebar
Gu Jian Qi Tan	publisher	Typhoon Games
Gu Jian Qi Tan	publisher	Interwise
J-League Fighting Soccer	publisher	Information Global Service
Full Service	publisher	Grove Press / Grove/Atlantic
Grumpy's Toys	publisher	CarTech Books
A String in the Harp	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Unnamed	publisher	Reagan Arthur Books
The Unnamed	publisher	Penguin Books
To the Moon and Back	publisher	HarperCollins
Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere	publisher	Charles E. Tuttle Company
Gold	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Art of the Sale	publisher	Penguin Press
Workers in the Dawn	publisher	Remington
Marie	publisher	Cassell
Marie	publisher	Longman & Co.
Alpha Girl	publisher	Image Comics
We the Animals	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Hidden Expedition – The Uncharted Islands	publisher	Big Fish Games
The Sims 3: Supernatural	publisher	Electronic Arts
Galore	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Galore	publisher	Other Press
Animals, Men and Morals	publisher	Victor Gollancz, London
Animals, Men and Morals	publisher	Grove Press, New York
Flight Simulation	publisher	Sinclair Research
The Time Apprentice	publisher	Penguin Group
The Time Wreccas	publisher	Penguin Books
Zumba Fitness Core	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Ima Sugu Oniichan ni Imōto da tte Iitai!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Sexy Sailor Soldiers	publisher	Tatsumi Publishing Co.
Biologicals	publisher	Elsevier
Enzyme and Microbial Technology	publisher	Elsevier
Metabolic Engineering	publisher	Elsevier
Social Politics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Art International	publisher	James A. Fitzsimmons
Even the Dogs	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Even the Dogs	publisher	London
Tusen gånger starkare	publisher	Bonnier Carlsen
The Unfinished Swan	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Journal of Geosciences	publisher	Czech Geological Society
Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics	publisher	Elsevier
No Excuses	publisher	Seal Press
Electronic Journal of Probability	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society
Electronic Communications in Probability	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society
The Interpretation of Cultures	publisher	Basic Books
Breach of Peace	publisher	Atlas & Co.
Soonchild	publisher	Walker Books
FIFA 13	publisher	EA Sports
City of Lost Souls	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Anywhere but Here	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Last Reef and Other Stories	publisher	Elastic Press
Conan and the Gods of the Mountain	publisher	Tor Books
Silversands	publisher	Pendragon Press
Station at the Horizon	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
Arctic Anthropology	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
Hammered	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Flower Shop	publisher	Winter Wolves
Contemporary Literature	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
The Other Side of the Bridge	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Other Side of the Bridge	publisher	Knopf Canada
The Three Clerks	publisher	Richard Bentley
Eternam	publisher	Infogrames Europe SA
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command	publisher	Activision
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
State Times	publisher	State Times Group
Skios	publisher	Faber & Faber
Skios	publisher	Metropolitan Books
The Garments of Caean	publisher	Doubleday (publisher)
The Pillars of Eternity	publisher	DAW Books
Clinical Biochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Molecular and Cellular Probes	publisher	Elsevier
Protein Expression and Purification	publisher	Elsevier
Collision Course	publisher	DAW Books
The Fall of Chronopolis	publisher	DAW Books
Backstreet Project	publisher	Stan Lee Media
Goggles!	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Kitten for a Day	publisher	Macmillan/McGraw-Hill School Publishing Company
My Dog Is Lost	publisher	Thomas Y. Crowell
Whistle for Willie	publisher	Viking Books
Enough About Love	publisher	Other Press
Ghost Whisperer	publisher	Legacy Games
Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater	publisher	Shueisha
Rise of the Guardians: The Video Game	publisher	D3 Publisher
Breakout Nations	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Homeland	publisher	Tor Books
International Journal of Climatology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Meteorological Society
Life in 2050	publisher	Beltz & Gelberg
DayZ	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
The Stars Around Us	publisher	Signet Books
Hello Summer, Goodbye	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Journal of the Korean Physical Society	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
How to Live	publisher	Chatto & Windus
How to Live	publisher	Other Press
Cal Ripken Jr. Baseball	publisher	Mindscape
Journal of Infrared, Millimeter, and Terahertz Waves	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Asphalt 7: Heat	publisher	Gameloft
God Nose	publisher	Jaxon
A Hologram for the King	publisher	McSweeney's
Journal of Business Finance & Accounting	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Return of Depression Economics and the Crisis of 2008	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Bicycling the Pacific Coast	publisher	The Mountaineers Books
Savage Sam	publisher	Harper & Row
International Journal of Sociology and Social Policy	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Hallucinations	publisher	Knopf/Picador, a division of Random House
Shonku Ekai Aksho	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Mahasankatey Shonku	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Swayang Professor Shonku	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Domicilium Decoratus	publisher	HarperCollins
Ebiten: Kōritsu Ebisugawa Kōkō Tenmonbu	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mathematical Social Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Quiet Days in Clichy	publisher	Olympia Press
Quiet Days in Clichy	publisher	Grove Press
Udbodhan	publisher	Ramakrishna Math
Beneath the Neon	publisher	Huntington Press
Seeds of Distrust	publisher	Craig Potton Publishing
Gandhi as a Political Strategist	publisher	Porter Sargent
Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament	publisher	Baker Academic
The Valley of Kashmir	publisher	Asian Educational Services
Los Sangurimas	publisher	Madrid: Editorial Cenit
Conan and the Death Lord of Thanza	publisher	Tor Books
Doglands	publisher	Random House Books for Young Readers
Say %22I love you%22	publisher	Kodansha
A Glossary of the Tribes and Castes of the Punjab and North-West Frontier Province	publisher	1
Albany Law Review	publisher	Albany Law School
Captain Vorpatril's Alliance	publisher	Baen Books
Fatale	publisher	Image Comics
Inventing Iron Man	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The Soul of a Bishop	publisher	Cassell
The Soul of a Bishop	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Galaxy Trucker	publisher	Czech Games Edition
Galaxy Trucker	publisher	Heidelberger Spieleverlag
Galaxy Trucker	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Cresswell's Local and other Songs and Recitations 1883	publisher	Marshall Cresswell
Sole Agent	publisher	WM Collins
Spy in Chancery	publisher	WM Collins
Winning Eleven Online	publisher	Naver
Maoyu	publisher	Enterbrain
Maoyu	publisher	Akita Shoten
Maoyu	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Maoyu	publisher	Kodansha
The Little Book	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Universal Book of Mathematics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Hillary's Choice	publisher	Random House
Carbon Shift	publisher	Vintage Canada, a division of Random House Canada
Oru Theruvinte Katha	publisher	D. C. Books
Microelectronics International	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
The Research Magnificent	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Israel Journal of Foreign Affairs	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Israel Council on Foreign Relations
Heaven Lake	publisher	Scribner's
Oncotarget	publisher	Impact Journals
Kolejka	publisher	Institute of National Remembrance
CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics	publisher	CRC Press
Revue neurologique	publisher	Elsevier Masson on behalf of the Société Française de Neurologie
Super Ox Wars	publisher	Llamasoft
Tanken Driland	publisher	Shueisha
Dunbar's local songs and recitations 1874	publisher	William Dunbar
Raven's Cry	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Lombard RAC Rally	publisher	Mandarin Software
Lombard RAC Rally	publisher	Red Rat Software
Mukti Ebang Tahar Sadhan	publisher	Udbodhan
Zombie Apocalypse: Never Die Alone	publisher	Konami
Tabla!	publisher	Tamil Murasu
Puzzle Bots	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
Café International	publisher	Mattel
Café International	publisher	Relaxx
Café International	publisher	Amigo Spiele
Virtua Pro Football	publisher	Sega
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Ninth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Eighth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
NightCaster II: Equinox	publisher	Jaleco
Crucible of Gold	publisher	Voyager Books
Fire Season	publisher	Baen Books
Gut Symmetries	publisher	Granta Books
Total War: Rome II	publisher	Sega
The Church of Scientology: A History of a New Religion	publisher	Princeton University Press
Target Practice	publisher	Harcourt
Junior Stock: Drag Racing the Family Sedan	publisher	
Quantum Electronics	publisher	Institute of Physics and Turpion
Mobile Suit Gundam AGE	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Compare	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Seeing with the Eyes of Love	publisher	Nilgiri Press
Seeing with the Eyes of Love	publisher	Verlag Herder
The Joker	publisher	DC Comics
Code Name Verity	publisher	Hyperion Books
Mr Stink	publisher	HarperCollins
Poetry Kanto	publisher	Kanto Poetry Center
Poetry Kanto	publisher	Kanto Gakuin University
Journal de Trévoux	publisher	Society of Jesus
Opium Nation	publisher	Harper Perennial
Trend Following: Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down Markets	publisher	FT Press
London Consequences	publisher	Greater London Arts Association for the Festivals of London 1972
Engineering Legends	publisher	American Society of Civil Engineers
Rugby League Live 2	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
The Badlands Saloon	publisher	Scribners
Cardiovascular Diabetology	publisher	BioMed Central
Tunnel People	publisher	PM Press
Pacific Insects	publisher	Entomology Department, Bishop Museum
The Apocalypse Codex	publisher	Ace
Jeff Gordon XS Racing	publisher	ASC Games
Kinect Fun Labs	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Those in Peril	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Endless Space	publisher	Amplitude Studios
The Killing Moon	publisher	Orbit Books
Veranda	publisher	Hearst Corporation
Conan at the Demon's Gate	publisher	Tor Books
Anthology of Modern Serbian Lyric	publisher	Matica hrvatska
Dunes Review	publisher	Michigan Writers
How to Photograph an Atomic Bomb	publisher	VCE
International Journal of Biological Macromolecules	publisher	Elsevier
Theoretical Issues in Ergonomics Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Conan, Lord of the Black River	publisher	Tor Books
Chinese Physics Letters	publisher	Chinese Physical Society
You Don't Know Jack	publisher	Jackbox Games
The Walking Dead: Survival Instinct	publisher	Activision
Nisekoi	publisher	Shueisha
Nisekoi	publisher	Shueisha
A Capitalism for the People	publisher	Basic Books
Acta entomologica Serbica	publisher	Entomological Society of Serbia
Chasing Venus	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
1906	publisher	Chronicle Books
Kiss the Dead	publisher	Berkley Hardcover
Fuzzy Nation	publisher	Tor Books
The Tyneside Songster by J. W. Swanston	publisher	J. W. Swanston
kaleid liner Prisma Illya	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Newcastle Songster by John Marshall	publisher	John Marshall
Occupy	publisher	Zuccotti Park Press
Occupy	publisher	Penguin Books
Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions	publisher	Kyoto Animation
Fuel Cells	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Pattern Recognition Letters	publisher	Elsevier
Robin: Lady of Legend	publisher	Platypus Press
Quadrail series	publisher	Tor Books
The Power of the Land	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Conan of the Red Brotherhood	publisher	Tor Books
Leviathan Wakes	publisher	Orbit Books
Seidman and Son	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Conan the Gladiator	publisher	Tor Books
The Gay Place	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Development and Psychopathology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Love You Make	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Love You Make	publisher	Pan Books
Falsion	publisher	Konami
Othappu	publisher	Current Books
Woman	publisher	Glide Publications
2312	publisher	Orbit
Journal of the American Medical Directors Association	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Medical Directors Association
MechWarrior Tactics	publisher	Infinite Game Publishing
EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp	publisher	EA Sports
Porky	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Blast of Tempest	publisher	Square Enix
Octopus: Sam Israel, the Secret Market, and Wall Street's Wildest Con	publisher	Crown Publishing
Mouse Trap Hotel	publisher	Electro Brain
Angry Birds Trilogy	publisher	Activision
WordZap	publisher	Jaleco
Aalahayude Penmakkal	publisher	Current Books
ChocoMimi	publisher	Shueisha
Topsy Turvy Tales	publisher	Humpty Dumpty Publishing
My Little Monster	publisher	Kodansha
Ultima Forever: Quest for the Avatar	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Lean Startup	publisher	Crown Publishing
Cannon Fodder 3	publisher	Game Factory Interactive
Spider: The Secret of Bryce Manor	publisher	Tiger Style
Albertine	publisher	Vintage UK
Mushtum	publisher	Sharq Publishing House
Dotter of Her Father's Eyes	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Ultimate Comics: Iron Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sociologia Ruralis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Society for Rural Sociology.
Friends Forever	publisher	Delacorte Press
Betrayal	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Hockey Stick and the Climate Wars	publisher	Columbia University Press
Journal of Oil Palm Research	publisher	Malaysia Palm Oil Board
F1 Race Stars	publisher	Codemasters
Chater’s Annual	publisher	John W. Chater
Sol Trigger	publisher	Image Epoch
Seraphina	publisher	Random House
Game of Thrones: Seven Kingdoms	publisher	Bigpoint
Aspergirls	publisher	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
The Varieties of the Meditative Experience	publisher	Tarcher
The Varieties of the Meditative Experience	publisher	G. P. Putnam
Brain Age: Concentration Training	publisher	Nintendo
Rainbow Moon	publisher	Eastasiasoft
Redshirts	publisher	Tor Books
Bizarro	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Bizarro	publisher	Columbia University Press
The Siege of Malta	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The Siege of Malta	publisher	Columbia University Press
02	publisher	Sega
Deadpool	publisher	Activision
The King Incorporated	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Marvel Treasury Edition	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Girl Who Could Fly	publisher	Macmillan
Panjab Castes	publisher	The Superintendent, Government Printing, Panjab
Sithmina	publisher	Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited
The Testament of Mary	publisher	Scribner's
Chater's Canny Newcassel Diary and Remembrancer 1872	publisher	John W. Chater
Finished	publisher	Ward Lock & Co
The Holy Flower	publisher	Ward Lock & Co
Keelmin's Comic Annewal	publisher	John W. Chater
Blyth and Tyneside Poems & Songs	publisher	John 'Scribe' Fraser
Under the Beetle's Cellar	publisher	Doubleday
Under the Beetle's Cellar	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Hells Angels	publisher	Shueisha
The Stark Munro Letters	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co.
The Stark Munro Letters	publisher	London
Urania – Postępy Astronomii	publisher	Polish Astronomical Society, Polish Society of Astronomy Amateurs
Hotel Vendome	publisher	Delacorte Press
Crossings	publisher	Delacorte Press
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Walking Dead: Season Two	publisher	Telltale Games
Journal of Theological Interpretation	publisher	Eisenbrauns
The Myth of a Christian Nation	publisher	Zondervan
Journal of Biomedical Semantics	publisher	BioMed Central
The Legend of Korra	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Hajar Churashir Maa	publisher	Karuna Prakashani, Kolkata
Flesh and Fire	publisher	Pocket Books
The World of William Clissold	publisher	Benn Brothers
Indian Tales	publisher	A.A. Wyn
Indian Tales	publisher	Hill & Wang
Alpha & Omega	publisher	Viking/Penguin Group
The First Confessor: The Legend of Magda Searus	publisher	Self-published / FINE Group
Mohamed 2.0	publisher	Schildts & Söderströms
Cannon Fodder	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Journal of Informetrics	publisher	Elsevier
Token of Darkness	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
Thirty-five years in the Punjab	publisher	David Douglas
Twilight of the Elites: America After Meritocracy	publisher	Crown Publishing
The Golden Volcano	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Charmed: Season 10	publisher	Zenescope Entertainment
Boyfriends with Girlfriends	publisher	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing
Deception: Betraying the Peace Process	publisher	Palestinian Media Watch
Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Journal of Comparative Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Meanwhile	publisher	Ernest Benn
Socialist Voice	publisher	Communist Party of Ireland
In the Tall Grass	publisher	Esquire
Making the Future	publisher	City Lights Books
Shiroi Ringu he	publisher	Pony Canyon
A Bad Boy Can Be Good For a Girl	publisher	Random House
Apocrypha	publisher	Type-Moon
Apocrypha	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Steps	publisher	Random House
Hi no Tori Hououhen: Gaou no Bouken	publisher	Konami
Dynamite Bowl	publisher	Toshiba-EMI
Tales of the Heroes: Twin Brave	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Animals, Property, and the Law	publisher	Temple University Press
DC Comics Two Thousand	publisher	DC Comics
The Story of a Great Schoolmaster	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Mexican International Conference on Artificial Intelligence	publisher	Springer LNAI, IEEE CPS, journals.
Electromagnetics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Current Genomics	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Mile High	publisher	Dial Press
A Talent for Loving	publisher	McGraw-Hill Financial
Astral Bout	publisher	King Records
Emergency Medicine Australasia	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Are You My Mother%3F	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Journal of Astronomical History and Heritage	publisher	National Astronomical Research Institute of Thailand
Red Data Girl	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Red Data Girl	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Chiasmi International	publisher	Mimesis Edizioni, Librairie philosophique J. Vrin, Pennsylvania State University
Canada	publisher	Ecco Press
Poison Tree	publisher	Delacorte Press, a division of Random House
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero	publisher	Image Comics
The Weird	publisher	Tor Books
Clinical & Experimental Allergy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Ixion Saga DT	publisher	Kodansha
Ixion Saga DT	publisher	Ichijinsha
Armored Trooper Votoms: Pailsen Files	publisher	Hobby Japan
A Splendid Exchange	publisher	Atlantic Books
The Birth of Plenty	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Hotline Miami	publisher	Devolver Digital
The World Economy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Xfm Top 1000 Songs of All Time	publisher	Elliott & Thompson Limited
International Journal of Medical Microbiology	publisher	Urban and Fischer
My Life As a Book	publisher	Henry Holt and Co
1635: The Papal Stakes	publisher	Baen Books
For What It's Worth	publisher	Henry Holt and Co
Genes	publisher	MDPI
Witiko	publisher	C.F. Amelang
Wacky Races	publisher	Infogrames
Wacky Races	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Wacky Races	publisher	Cartoon Network
The Ghost and the Goth	publisher	Hyperion Books
The Sacred Mirror of Kofun	publisher	Entertactive
The Mental and Social Life of Babies	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Journal of Traumatic Stress	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell  on behalf of the International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies
Smite	publisher	Hi-Rez Studios
Pandemonium	publisher	HarperTeen
Select Conversations with an Uncle	publisher	John Lane
Canabalt	publisher	Semi-Secret Software
Canabalt	publisher	Beatshapers
Canabalt	publisher	Kittehface Software
Materials & Design	publisher	Elsevier
Chaos Seed	publisher	Taito
Generations Lost	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
Star Sonata	publisher	Star Sonata LLC
Ritson's Northern Garlands 1810	publisher	Joseph Ritson
Ritson's Bishopric Garland or Durham Minstrel 1792	publisher	Joseph Ritson
Ben 10: Omniverse	publisher	D3 Publisher
Ben 10: Omniverse	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Ritson's Northumberland Garland or Newcastle Nightingale 1809	publisher	Joseph Ritson
Starters	publisher	Delacorte Press
Nick Faldo's Championship Golf	publisher	Grandslam Entertainment
Ritson's Yorkshire Garland 1809	publisher	Joseph Ritson
Ritson's North-Country Chorister 1809	publisher	Joseph Ritson
Telegraph Avenue	publisher	HarperCollins
Hakkenden: Eight Dogs of the East	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
City of Heavenly Fire	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Woody Pop	publisher	Sega
The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes	publisher	W. W. Norton
Behind the Candelabra: My Life with Liberace	publisher	Dutton Penguin
James' Sum Tyneside Sangs 1898	publisher	Matthew C. James
Ancient Light	publisher	Viking Penguin
Wild Cup Soccer	publisher	Millennium Interactive
Dragonstone	publisher	Core Design
Trust Me, I'm Lying	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
Premiere	publisher	Core Design
The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge	publisher	Cosmopolitan
Impire	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Someone Was Watching	publisher	Albert Whitman and Company
Starfarers	publisher	Tor Books
Quik the Thunder Rabbit	publisher	Titus Software
Kid Chaos	publisher	Ocean Software
Kirby's Dream Collection	publisher	Nintendo
Ganso Saiyūki: Super Monkey Daibōken	publisher	VAP
The Sea Lady	publisher	Methuen Publishing
On the Shoulders of Giants	publisher	Running Press
The Nature of Space and Time	publisher	Princeton University Press
Zeno Clash II	publisher	Atlus
Survarium	publisher	Vostok Games
Sacrilegium	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Senran Kagura	publisher	Enterbrain
Senran Kagura	publisher	Media Factory
Senran Kagura	publisher	Ichijinsha
Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage 2	publisher	Tecmo Koei
The Large, the Small and the Human Mind	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Etiquette in Society, in Business, in Politics, and at Home	publisher	Funk & Wagnalls Company
Earthquake Weather	publisher	William Morrow & Co
Takio	publisher	Icon Comics
Empire City: 1931	publisher	Seibu Kaihatsu
Empire City: 1931	publisher	Toshiba EMI
Senran Kagura Burst	publisher	Marvelous Entertainment
Journal of Marriage and Family	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture	publisher	PlayStation 4
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture	publisher	Microsoft Windows
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture	publisher	PlayStation Mobile
The Spoiler	publisher	Harvill Secker
The Spoiler	publisher	Knopf
Triptych	publisher	Dragon Moon Press
Orcs Must Die! 2	publisher	Robot Entertainment
The Scene Magazine	publisher	Ashutosh Jha
Cry Wolf	publisher	Heinemann
Journal of Biomedical Nanotechnology	publisher	American Scientific Publishers
Shootout	publisher	Data East
Saorsa	publisher	Ùr-sgeul
Journal of Counseling & Development	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association
Virginia Environmental Law Journal	publisher	University of Virginia School of Law
A Walk in Wolf Wood	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
A Walk in Wolf Wood	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Killing Me Softly	publisher	Penguin Group
Nanomedicine: Nanotechnology, Biology and Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Victorian Historical Journal	publisher	Royal Historical Society of Victoria
The 4 Percent Universe	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Chōyaku Hyakunin isshu: Uta Koi	publisher	Media Factory
Gear	publisher	Village Voice
Encyclopedia of Mathematics	publisher	Facts on File
Ratchet & Clank: Full Frontal Assault	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
TNT Racers	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Pocket Planes	publisher	NimbleBit
Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Dys4ia	publisher	Newgrounds
The Mop	publisher	Piecelock 70 Publishing
The Girl on the Stairs	publisher	John Murray
Mir-Mahna	publisher	ESPRIS, Tehran, Iran
CatChum	publisher	Kaypro
Australian Pharmaceutical Formulary	publisher	
Journal of Business and Psychology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Manhattan Projects	publisher	Image Comics
City of Dragons	publisher	HarperVoyager
Tru Confessions	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Journal of Materials Engineering and Performance	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ASM International
Booby Kids	publisher	Nihon Bussan
Terminal	publisher	Chicken House Publishing
The Sims 3: Seasons	publisher	Electronic Arts
The New Deadwardians	publisher	Vertigo
Buxton Advertiser	publisher	Johnston Press
Canny Bit Verse	publisher	Robert Allen
Army of Two: The Devil's Cartel	publisher	Electronic Arts
Health Services Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Health Research and Educational Trust
Criminology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society of Criminology
F-Zero Climax	publisher	Nintendo
The %22Hentai%22 Prince and the Stony Cat.	publisher	Media Factory
The %22Hentai%22 Prince and the Stony Cat.	publisher	Media Factory
Sugarless	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Black Scholar	publisher	Routledge
Artelius	publisher	Nihon Bussan
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Virtual Vandals	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: The Deadliest Game	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: One is the Loneliest Number	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Planet Tad	publisher	HarperCollins
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: The Ultimate Escape	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: End Game	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Cyberspy	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: The Great Race	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Shadow of Honor	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Private Lives	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Safe House	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Gameprey	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: High Wire	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Deathworld	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Duel Identity	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Cold Case	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Death Match	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Cloak and Dagger	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Why Nations Fail	publisher	Crown Business
Prison Architect	publisher	Introversion Software
Kyō no Asuka Show	publisher	Shogakukan
Rescue Me!	publisher	Akita Shoten
Batman: Gotham County Line	publisher	DC Comics
ATR: All Terrain Racing	publisher	Team17
Horrid Henry	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Cell Communication and Signaling	publisher	BioMed Central
The Sting!	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Warlock: Master of the Arcane	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Rembrandt Affair	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Portrait of a Spy	publisher	HarperCollins
The Fallen Angel	publisher	HarperCollins
The Black Hole War	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Double Clutch	publisher	Sega
Zoobles! Spring to Life!	publisher	Activision
Prime World	publisher	Nival
Nematology	publisher	Brill Publishers
Kill or Capture: The War on Terror and the Soul of the Obama Presidency	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Kill or Capture: How a Special Operations Task Force Took Down a Notorious al Qaeda Terrorist	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
Sankya	publisher	Ad Marginem
Aikatsu!	publisher	Shogakukan
Vikings Campaign Sourcebook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
149 Ren'ai Sōsenkyo	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare: Mobilized	publisher	Activision
Uncanny Avengers	publisher	Marvel Comics
Among the Sleep	publisher	Krillbite Studio
Human Ecology	publisher	Springer Science + Business Media
Rise of the Triad	publisher	Apogee Software
Wizard101	publisher	KingsIsle Entertainment
Wizard101	publisher	Gameforge
Un soir au club	publisher	Éditions de Minuit
Whirligig	publisher	Macmillan
Cartel: The Coming Invasion of Mexico's Drug Wars	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Literacy Association
The Reading Teacher	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Literacy Association
Reading Research Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Literacy Association
Language Learning	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Language Learning Research Club at the University of Michigan
Journal of Research on Adolescence	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research on Adolescence
Grid 2	publisher	Codemasters
Grid 2	publisher	Sega ,
Grid 2	publisher	Feral Interactive
Selected Poems	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Age of Conan: Rise of the Godslayer	publisher	Funcom
Age of Conan: Rise of the Godslayer	publisher	CompuExpert
Age of Conan: Rise of the Godslayer	publisher	Deep Silver
Mutant Night	publisher	UPL
Child Development Perspectives	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research in Child Development
Nights of Labor	publisher	Fayard , Verso
Monographs of the Society for Research in Child Development	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research in Child Development
New Crusaders	publisher	Archie Comics
New Crusaders	publisher	Red Circle Comics
Political Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society of Political Psychology
Rahul Dravid: Timeless Steel	publisher	The Walt Disney Company India Pvt. Ltd.
The Nepean Times	publisher	Alfred Colless
The Lost Prince	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Kings of My Love	publisher	Shogakukan
Bad Pharma	publisher	Fourth Estate
Journal of Small Business Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Council for Small Business
Risk Analysis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Risk Analysis
Journal of Product Innovation Management	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Product Development and Management Association
Decision Sciences Journal of Innovative Education	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Decision Sciences Institute
The Complete TurtleTrader	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Die Welt ist schön	publisher	Kurt Wolff
Europa Universalis IV	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Sasami-san@Ganbaranai	publisher	Shogakukan
Cyberpunk 2077	publisher	CD Projekt
The Harappa Files	publisher	Harper Collins
Barrage	publisher	Shueisha
Game Party Champions	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Game Party Champions	publisher	Nintendo
In the Shadow of Greatness	publisher	Naval Institute Press
The Family Fang	publisher	Ecco Press
All Kamen Rider: Rider Generation	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Star Trek	publisher	IDW Publishing
Madhyamam Weekly	publisher	Madhyamam
The Passion of Michel Foucault	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Unholy Pilgrim	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Dwitiyo Manob	publisher	Annyaprokash
Rippin' Riders Snowboarding	publisher	Sega
My Princess Boy	publisher	KD Talent, LLC
The Syrian World	publisher	Syrian-American Press
Sarraceniaceae of South America	publisher	Redfern Natural History Productions
The Atmospheric Railway	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Song Reader	publisher	McSweeney's
Remember Me	publisher	Capcom
NFL Quarterback Club 96	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Cytus	publisher	Rayark Games
The Siege of Shkodra	publisher	Bernardino de Vitalibus
A World for Julius	publisher	Seix Barral
A World for Julius	publisher	Peisa
Symphony	publisher	Empty Clip Studios
A Distant Neighborhood	publisher	Shogakukan
The Future in America: A Search After Realities	publisher	Chapman & Hall
A Zoo in Winter	publisher	Shogakukan
Shadowrun Chronicles: Boston Lockdown	publisher	Nordic Games GmbH
Aliens: Nightmare Asylum	publisher	Bantam Books
Puppeteer	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Season Ticket Basketball 2003	publisher	Infogames
Rhapsody of Blood	publisher	Plus One Press
NFL Quarterback Club 97	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Helter Skelter	publisher	Shodensha
Odd Apocalypse	publisher	Bantam Books
EpicMealTime	publisher	Epic Meal Time
Tearaway	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Cities in Motion 2	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Thick as Thieves	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Animal Husbandry	publisher	Winning Moves
Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia	publisher	Melbourne University Press
Queensland Agricultural Journal	publisher	Queensland Department of Primary Industries
Anno Online	publisher	Ubisoft
Command & Conquer	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Ides of April	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Course of Honour	publisher	Century
Alone in the Universe	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Land Air Sea Warfare	publisher	Isotope 244/iTunes
Krater	publisher	Fatshark
Season Ticket Football 2003	publisher	Infogrames
Star Wars Roleplaying Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Grit, Guts and Gumption	publisher	Viking Press
The Sense of Beauty	publisher	Charles Scribner's sons
Unmechanical	publisher	Teotl Studios
Unmechanical	publisher	Grip Games
The Silence of Dean Maitland	publisher	Kegan Paul, Trench & Co, London
Semiotics: The Proceedings of the Semiotic Society of America	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
BioShock 2: Minerva's Den	publisher	2
Teekyu	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
Planetary Annihilation	publisher	Uber Entertainment
A+X	publisher	Marvel Comics
Basodee	publisher	General Store Publishing House
The Small Hand	publisher	Profile Books
Terror Television American Series 1970–1999	publisher	McFarland & Company
Loren the Amazon Princess	publisher	Winter Wolves
Coniston	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Neue Rundschau	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag, Berlin
H2Overdrive	publisher	Raw Thrills
Vera Blanc	publisher	Winter Wolves
How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded a Million Dollar Company	publisher	Rupa & Co.
Handbuch der Vögel Mitteleuropas	publisher	Akademische Verlagsgesellschaft , Aula-Verlag
International Journal of Rock Mechanics and Mining Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Materials Chemistry and Physics	publisher	Elsevier
Mr. Crewe's Career	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Bulletin of Geosciences	publisher	Czech Geological Survey
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected	publisher	Shogakukan
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected	publisher	Square Enix
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected	publisher	Shogakukan
My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected	publisher	Ichijinsha
GJ Club	publisher	Shogakukan
GJ Club	publisher	Shogakukan
Mr. Keegan's Elopement	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Discworld: Ankh-Morpork	publisher	Treefrog Games
Discworld: Ankh-Morpork	publisher	Mayfair Games
Over the Bar	publisher	Poolbeg Press
Lig Sinn i gCathú	publisher	Sáirséal agus Dill
Pietà	publisher	Albert Bonniers Förlag AB, Stockholm
A Fair Cop	publisher	The Friday Project
Paterno	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Happy Wheels	publisher	Fancy Force
Devil's Gate	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
When Will There Be Good News%3F	publisher	Doubleday
BioSystems	publisher	Elsevier
The Darkened Room	publisher	Virago
Desert Fox	publisher	Accolade Inc.
Obama's Last Stand	publisher	Kindle
Mutant Herd	publisher	Thorn EMI
Aliens	publisher	Kaypro
No Easy Day	publisher	Dutton Penguin
The Passions of the Mind	publisher	Doubleday
Kaiser	publisher	Ariolasoft
Psychiatric Times	publisher	UBM Medica
State of Wonder	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
State of Wonder	publisher	Harper
American Journal of Preventive Medicine	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Preventive Medicine and the Association for Prevention Teaching and Research
Horrid Henry Tricks the Tooth Fairy	publisher	Orion Children's Books
Broken Sword 5: The Serpent's Curse	publisher	Revolution Software
Pippi in the South Seas	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
The Sims Medieval: Pirates and Nobles	publisher	Electronic Arts
58 Minutes	publisher	Graymalkin Media
Fluidity: Spin Cycle	publisher	Nintendo
Kozmik Krooz'r	publisher	Bally Midway
The Christ Myth	publisher	Verlag des Deutschen Monistenbundes
Methods	publisher	Elsevier
Nitric Oxide	publisher	Elsevier
Tales of the World: Tactics Union	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Encouragement of Climb	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
Lion Country	publisher	Atheneum Books
Triggers	publisher	Viking
Musubi no Yama Hiroku	publisher	Hayakawa shobou
The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav	publisher	Deep Silver
Shi to Kanojo to Boku	publisher	Kodansha
Hana no Zubora-Meshi	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Flowers of Evil	publisher	Kodansha
NBA Baller Beats	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Problem Children Are Coming from Another World, Aren't They%3F	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Problem Children Are Coming from Another World, Aren't They%3F	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Dirty Drivin'	publisher	Raw Thrills
Bottom of the 9th '99	publisher	Konami
Lionel Asbo: State of England	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Blackwell Companion to Science and Christianity	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Kissing Hand	publisher	Child Welfare League of America
First and Last Things	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
First and Last Things	publisher	Knickerbocker Press
Apron of Magic	publisher	Examu
Apron of Magic	publisher	VERVE
Apron of Magic	publisher	Bergsala Lightweight AB
Yuyushiki	publisher	Houbunsha
Lychee Light Club	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Geobiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Zombie Parkour Runner	publisher	Break Media
The Lady of the Wheel	publisher	Legas
2nd Super Robot Wars	publisher	Banpresto
3rd Super Robot Wars	publisher	Banpresto
Iron Sky: Invasion	publisher	TopWare Interactive
Irish Medicines Formulary	publisher	Meridian Ireland
Rage of Bahamut	publisher	Cygames
Yūyu no Quiz de Go! Go!	publisher	Taito
Biomedical Optics Express	publisher	Optical Society
Cutters Don't Cry	publisher	Creative Media Publishing
Smart Girls Get What They Want	publisher	Balzer + Bray
4th Super Robot Wars	publisher	Banpresto
Lego The Lord of the Rings	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego The Lord of the Rings	publisher	Feral Interactive
Journal of Economic Methodology	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the International Network for Economic Method
HarmoKnight	publisher	Nintendo
British Journal of Educational Studies	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Mass Effect 2: Arrival	publisher	Electronic Arts
Corrupting Dr. Nice	publisher	Tor Books
Biology and Philosophy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Nobunaga Concerto	publisher	Shogakukan
How to Be a Jewish Mother	publisher	Price Stern Sloan
Outernauts	publisher	Electronic Arts
Gorby no Pipeline Daisakusen	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Academy of Management Perspectives	publisher	Academy of Management
Micron	publisher	Elsevier
Watching The Dark	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Journal of Biomedical Materials Research Part B	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Krishna Key	publisher	Westland Ltd.
Space Chronicles	publisher	W.W. Norton
Vividred Operation	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Journal of New Music Research	publisher	Routledge
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Metal Gear Solid: Social Ops	publisher	Konami
Arsys Software	publisher	Arsys Software
Arsys Software	publisher	Brøderbund
Arsys Software	publisher	Masaya
Chōsoku Henkei Gyrozetter	publisher	Shueisha
The Temple of Gold	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Boys and Girls Together	publisher	Atheneum Press
Hype and Glory	publisher	Villard
Tinsel	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Thing of It Is...	publisher	Harcourt Brace
The Thing of It Is...	publisher	Michael Joseph
Wait Till Next Year	publisher	Bantam Books
Control	publisher	Delacorte Press
Wigger	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Father's Day	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Heat	publisher	Warner Books
Let Me Stand Alone	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Death of a Ladies' Man	publisher	Hachette
Journal of the Royal Musical Association	publisher	Routledge
Ashoka the Great	publisher	Rupa Publications
Where We Belong	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII	publisher	Square Enix
The Invaders	publisher	Random House
The Invaders	publisher	Philomel
Daikaijuu Monogatari II	publisher	Hudson Soft
Canadian Journal of Administrative Law and Practice	publisher	Carswell on behalf of the Council of Canadian Administrative Tribunals
Daikaijū Monogatari	publisher	Hudson Soft
Daikaijū Monogatari	publisher	Comic BomBom
Dual Orb	publisher	I'Max
A Lion's Tale	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Fuldaer Geschichtsblätter	publisher	Fuldaer Geschichtsverein
The Wheel of Ice	publisher	Ace Books
Jersey Gods	publisher	Image Comics
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland	publisher	Royal Society of Queensland
Kinect Party	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Big Pumpkin	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
A Singular Man	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Accidental Cheerleader	publisher	Scholastic Inc.
East vs. West – A Hearts of Iron Game	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Journal of Business Cycle Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Centre for International Research on Economic Tendency Surveys
The Earth Compels	publisher	Faber and Faber
Six Months, Three Days	publisher	Tor.com
Blue's Birthday Adventure	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams	publisher	Black Forest Games
Jewelpet: Magical Dance in Style Deco!	publisher	Furyu
Hastings International and Comparative Law Review	publisher	UC Hastings College of the Law
Decoding Communication	publisher	TRA Research
Kevin Allen	publisher	Bibliomotion
AStA Wirtschafts- und Sozialstatistisches Archiv	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the German Statistical Society
The Bottoms	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Bottoms	publisher	Mysterious Press
Nerawareta Gakuen	publisher	Kodansha
Nerawareta Gakuen	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Fairest	publisher	Vertigo
Deadly Little Secrets	publisher	HarperCollins
Wicked Monsters Blast!	publisher	NA: Valcon Games EU: Corecell Technology
Christmas with the Dead	publisher	PS Publishing
A Disaffection	publisher	Secker and Warburg
San Francisco Chinatown: A Guide to Its History & Architecture	publisher	City Lights
A Wilderness of Error	publisher	Penguin Press
K	publisher	Kodansha
K	publisher	Square Enix
Through a Glass Darkly	publisher	Random House
Through a Glass Darkly	publisher	Avon Books
Under Wildwood	publisher	Balzer + Bray
Legasista	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Dragonar Academy	publisher	Media Factory
Scripta Theologica	publisher	University of Navarra
The Road to San Vicente	publisher	Barbary Press
Football Manager 2013	publisher	Sega
Self-Defense Training Camp	publisher	Ubisoft
Middle School, Get Me Out of Here!	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Murder of a Mafia Daughter	publisher	Barricade Books
See Ya, Simon	publisher	Penguin Group New Zealand
Akhand Jyoti	publisher	Akhand Jyoti Sansthan Mathura
Prinny 2	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Emmanuelle	publisher	Coktel Vision
Mark of the Ninja	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Mucho Mojo	publisher	Mysterious Press
Mucho Mojo	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Mucho Mojo	publisher	Black Lizard
The King and Other Stories	publisher	Subterranean Press
Chocolat	publisher	Shogakukan
Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld	publisher	Berg Publishers
My Teenage Dream Ended	publisher	MTV Press
Merry Christmas, Alex Cross	publisher	Little, Brown
Legends of Pegasus	publisher	Kalypso Media
Inu-Neko	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
GE – Good Ending	publisher	Kodansha
A Farewell to Dragons	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
Elemental: Fallen Enchantress	publisher	Stardock
Rejection Slips	publisher	Doubleday
The Case of the Missing Moon Rocks	publisher	Atavist
The Flock	publisher	Forge Books
Rokeby	publisher	John Ballantyne, and Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown
Table-Talk	publisher	John Warren
The Selection	publisher	HarperTeen
The Occupy Handbook	publisher	Back Bay Books
The Sixth Gun	publisher	Oni Press
Bad Piggies	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Wild Blood	publisher	Gameloft
Schmollers Jahrbuch	publisher	Duncker & Humblot
Piece – Kanojo no Kioku	publisher	Shogakukan
Norte Grande Geography Journal	publisher	Pontifical Catholic University of Chile
Historia	publisher	Pontifical Catholic University of Chile
Middle Manager of Justice	publisher	Double Fine Productions
In Mexico	publisher	RM
In Mexico	publisher	Gardners Books
Do Not Ask What Good We Do	publisher	Free Press
Nord	publisher	Skygoblin
Wulfenia	publisher	Regional Museum of Carinthia
Western Socialist	publisher	Socialist Party of Canada
The Gates Ajar	publisher	Fields, Osgood & Co. [Boston, MA]
Kasparov's Gambit	publisher	Electronic Arts
God's Grace	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Double Dragon Neon	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Double Dragon Neon	publisher	Midnight City
The Unfinished Memoirs	publisher	The University Press Limited, Penguin Books and Oxford University Press
Seducing Ingrid Bergman	publisher	Penguin Books Ltd.
Mind and Cosmos	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Empty City	publisher	HarperCollins
The Cockatoos	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Three Uneasy Pieces	publisher	Pascoe Publishing
Happy Valley	publisher	George G. Harrap and Co.
Happy Valley	publisher	Viking Press
Applied Economics	publisher	Routledge
Bayonetta 2	publisher	Nintendo
Ascent of the A-Word	publisher	PublicAffairs
Just My Type	publisher	Gotham Books
The Two-Bear Mambo	publisher	Mysterious Press
The Two-Bear Mambo	publisher	Black Lizard
Closer	publisher	Bauer Media Group
Closer	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Pobby and Dingan	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Pobby and Dingan	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Canadian Journal of Behavioural Science	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association
Canadian Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association
Plague Inc.	publisher	Ndemic Creations
The Blinding Knife	publisher	Orbit Books
Pillars of Eternity	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Helessa	publisher	Ustari
Yankee Pasha	publisher	Farrar, Straus
Love Live!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Love Live!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Garden of Evening Mists	publisher	Myrmidon Books
The Discovery of the Future	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
ESPN X Games Skateboarding	publisher	Konami
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Swimming Home	publisher	And Other Stories
Swimming Home	publisher	Faber and Faber
Peaches for Monsieur le Curé	publisher	Doubleday
Android: Netrunner	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Clinical Pharmacokinectics	publisher	Adis International
Art in the San Francisco Bay Area	publisher	University of California Press
CNS Drugs	publisher	Adis International
Dragon Knight	publisher	ELF Corporation
Dragon Knight	publisher	NEC Avenue
Journal of Management and Business Administration. Central Europe	publisher	Kozminski University
The Art of War	publisher	Harper Perennial
In the Shadow of the Sword	publisher	Little, Brown
Character Analysis	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
No Animals Were Harmed	publisher	Lyons Press
Umbrella	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Need for Speed: Most Wanted	publisher	Electronic Arts
Poorly Made in China	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Date A Live	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Date A Live	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Dead Island: Riptide	publisher	Deep Silver
My Name Is Not Angelica	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Lighthouse	publisher	Salt Publishing
Edge of Dark Water	publisher	Mulholland Books
The Dangerous World of Butterflies	publisher	Lyons Press
Forbidden Creatures	publisher	Lyons Press
Transfer of Power	publisher	Pocket Books
¡Calexico!	publisher	University of Arizona Press
We Sing 80s	publisher	Nordic Games
We Sing 80s	publisher	Nintendo
Toukiden: The Age of Demons	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Gokicha	publisher	Houbunsha
Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Wszechświat	publisher	Polish Copernicus Society of Naturalists
Torpedo Run!	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Torpedo Run!	publisher	Falomir Juegos
Chiisai Oyaji Nikki	publisher	Ohzora Shuppan
TWX	publisher	AT&T Corporation - Long Line Division
Dramatical Murder	publisher	Enterbrain
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 4	publisher	Davis Publications, Inc.
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 5	publisher	Davis Publications, Inc.
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 2	publisher	Davis Publications, Inc.
Hope Is a Tattered Flag	publisher	Polipoint Press
Dust of the Damned	publisher	Berkley Trade
Threat Vector	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Threat Vector	publisher	Berkley Books
The God of the Razor	publisher	Subterranean Press
Deadman's Road	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Sacrifice	publisher	Puffin Books
Cognitive Neuroscience	publisher	Taylor & Francis Group
Against Sadomasochism	publisher	Frog in the Well
Energy Procedia	publisher	Elsevier
Chime	publisher	Dial Press
Genitality in the Theory and Therapy of Neurosis	publisher	Vienna: Internationaler Psychoanalytischer Verlag
Shine	publisher	Amulet Books
Chinese Medical Journal	publisher	Chinese Medical Association/Wolters Kluwer Medknow
Deadly Medicine	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Saucer Country	publisher	Vertigo
Antioxidants & Redox Signaling	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Foundations and Trends in Electronic Design Automation	publisher	Now Publishers
Foundations and Trends in Networking	publisher	Now Publishers
Foundations and Trends in Computer Graphics and Vision	publisher	Now Publishers
Spooky Stories for a Dark and Stormy Night	publisher	Hyperion
FIFA Online 3	publisher	Nexon Co. Ltd.
Foundations and Trends in Theoretical Computer Science	publisher	Now Publishers
American Journal of Chinese Studies	publisher	American Association for Chinese Studies
Indigo Blue	publisher	Puffin Books
Mortality	publisher	Hachette Book Group United States
Mortality	publisher	Atlantic Books
Journal of Engineering Education	publisher	American Society for Engineering Education
The Making of a Teacher	publisher	Nilgiri Press
The Making of a Teacher	publisher	Penguin India
Batman: Arkham Unhinged	publisher	DC Comics
Abaddon's Gate	publisher	Orbit Books
Caliban's War	publisher	Orbit Books
Pursuit of Honor	publisher	Atria Books
The Polish Officer	publisher	Random House
Behavioral Ecology	publisher	Oxford University Press  on behalf of the International Society for Behavioral Ecology
Aiura	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
I Want My MTV: The Uncensored Story of the Music Video Revolution	publisher	Dutton Penguin
I Want My MTV: The Uncensored Story of the Music Video Revolution	publisher	Plume
A Princess in Berlin	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Fashion Beast	publisher	Avatar Press
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 1	publisher	Davis Publications, Inc.
Sheikh's Castaway	publisher	Harlequin
The Passionate Friends: A Novel	publisher	Harper and Brothers
Demons' Score	publisher	Square Enix
The Accomplisht Cook	publisher	Nathaniel Brooke
The Crossing	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Silver Linings Playbook	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Slender: The Arrival	publisher	Blue Isle Studios
Slender: The Arrival	publisher	Midnight City
Confluenze	publisher	University of Bologna
Journal of Neuroimmune Pharmacology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Kosher Jesus	publisher	Gefen Publishing House
Clean Tech Nation	publisher	HarperBusiness
Black Man's Burden	publisher	Ace Books
Guilty Wives	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Soko o Nantoka	publisher	Hakusensha
The Christmas Tree	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Christmas Tree	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the American Counseling Association on behalf of the Association for Multicultural Counseling and Development
Fire	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Fire	publisher	Random House
Second Son	publisher	Delacorte Press
Modern Combat 4: Zero Hour	publisher	Gameloft
America Again	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Burhi Aair Sadhu	publisher	Banlata Prakashan
Hind's Kidnap	publisher	1969
Apollo's Fire	publisher	Island Press
D.O.G.S. of Mars	publisher	Image Comics
Ragnarok Odyssey	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Women in a Celtic Church	publisher	Oxford University Press
Dust Tracks on a Road	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Suzuki Sensei	publisher	Futabasha
The Isolinguals	publisher	Street & Smith
Bad Chili	publisher	Mysterious Press
Bad Chili	publisher	Mojo Press
Bad Chili	publisher	Black Lizard
Little Star	publisher	Quercus Publishing
Jiu Jiu	publisher	Hakusensha
The Official History of Australia's Involvement in Southeast Asian Conflicts 1948–1975	publisher	Allen & Unwin in association with the Australian War Memorial
The Haunted Tower	publisher	Usborne Publishing Ltd
The Ice Maiden's Sheikh	publisher	Harlequin
The Grand Wheel	publisher	DAW Books
The Star Virus	publisher	Ace Books
History of the Theory of Numbers	publisher	Carnegie Institution of Washington
Kingdom Builder	publisher	Queen Games
Rumble Tumble	publisher	Subterranean Press
Rumble Tumble	publisher	Mysterious Press
Rumble Tumble	publisher	Black Lizard
Dust Racing 2D	publisher	Jussi Lind
WataMote	publisher	Square Enix
WataMote	publisher	Square Enix
The Hunters	publisher	Random House
The Hunters	publisher	Philomel
Sixteenth Century Journal	publisher	Truman State University Press
The Angel's Kiss: A Melody Malone Mystery	publisher	BBC Books
Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty!	publisher	Oddworld Inhabitants
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars – Director's Cut	publisher	Ubisoft
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars – Director's Cut	publisher	Revolution Software
Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars – Director's Cut	publisher	Kalypso Media
A Thousand Lives	publisher	Free Press
Queer Crips	publisher	Haworth Press
Sugoroku Ginga Senki	publisher	Bottom Up
Dynamis	publisher	University of Granada
Dynamis	publisher	Autonomous University of Barcelona
Dynamis	publisher	Miguel Hernández University of Elche
Dynamis	publisher	University of Cantabria
First Voyages	publisher	Avon Books
Conservation Science in Cultural Heritage	publisher	University of Bologna
Miman Renai	publisher	Futabasha
Goldenseal	publisher	State of West Virginia, Division of Culture and History
The House of Hades	publisher	Disney-Hyperion Books
Hate List	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Acky's XP Breakout	publisher	Isotope 244
Turnabout	publisher	Artdink
Turnabout	publisher	Natsume
Turnabout	publisher	Zoo Digital Publishing
Nowhere but Up	publisher	Revell
Dialogues of the Gods	publisher	Various
Living with Crazy Buttocks	publisher	Penguin Books
Studia Etymologica Cracoviensia	publisher	Cracow University
Caravan of Dreams	publisher	Octagon Press
Caravan of Dreams	publisher	The Idries Shah Foundation
Shiawase no Jikan	publisher	Futabasha
Kinect Rush: A Disney-Pixar Adventure	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Bias in Mental Testing	publisher	Free Press
Radiance	publisher	Square Fish - an imprint of Macmillan
The Elephant in the Dark – Christianity, Islam and the Sufis	publisher	Octagon Press
Probability in the Engineering and Informational Sciences	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Spying on Democracy	publisher	City Lights Publishers
Journal of Marital & Family Therapy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy
Border, Breed nor Birth	publisher	Ace Books
Etrian Odyssey IV: Legends of the Titan	publisher	Atlus
Minelvaton Saga: Ragon no Fukkatsu	publisher	Taito Corporation
Farther Away	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Lunar Leepers	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Peek-A-Poo	publisher	Clavis Publishing
Hopeless Masquerade	publisher	Twilight Frontier
Amped	publisher	Doubleday
Theory of Literature	publisher	Harcourt, Brace, and Company
Scapegoat: The Jews, Israel, and Women's Liberation	publisher	Free Press
Tales of the World: Dice Adventure	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Pornography: Men Possessing Women	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Woman Hating	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination	publisher	University of British Columbia Press
The Anatomical Record	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains	publisher	Fourth Estate
Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains	publisher	Grove Atlantic
Winter of the World	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Shofar	publisher	Purdue University Press
Flirting with Fate	publisher	Mahaveer Publishers, New Delhi
Reached	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
Brothers Conflict	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Devil Is a Part-Timer!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Devil Is a Part-Timer!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Lesbian Nation	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Poor Pay More	publisher	Free Press
Freedom in This Village	publisher	Carroll & Graf Publishers
See Me After Class	publisher	Media Factory
Ecological Economics	publisher	Elsevier  on behalf of the International Society for Ecological Economics
Angry Birds Star Wars	publisher	Rovio Entertainment , Activision
The H-Bomb Girl	publisher	Faber and Faber
Both Flesh and Not	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Third World War Book	publisher	Lotus Publications Private Limited
Kali the Mother	publisher	Swan Sonnenschein & Co
The Web of Indian Life	publisher	W. Heinemann
Annals of Behavioral Medicine	publisher	Springer on behalf of the Society of Behavioral Medicine
Spy Hunter	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
DJMax Ray	publisher	Neowiz Games
Marine Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Džuboks	publisher	NIP Duga
Džuboks	publisher	Dečje novine
Wake Up and Dream	publisher	PS Publishing
Public Budgeting & Finance	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Public Financial Publications
The Law of Love	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Childhood of Jesus	publisher	Jonathan Cape; Viking Press
Sair Tjerita Siti Akbari	publisher	W. Bruining & Co.
Painkiller: Hell & Damnation	publisher	Nordic Games
Conquest of Mind	publisher	Nilgiri Press; others
Star Citizen	publisher	Cloud Imperium Games
My Crazy Beautiful Life	publisher	Touchstone Books
Anna	publisher	Kalypso Media
The Caller	publisher	Random House
Bared to You	publisher	Berkley Books
The Jucklins	publisher	Laird & Lee
The Book of Jonas	publisher	Blue Rider Press
The Best Ye Breed	publisher	Ace Books
The Man-Eating Myth	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Conscience of the Rich	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Darkstalkers Resurrection	publisher	Capcom
Cradle Tales of Hinduism	publisher	Longmans
Marvel vs. Capcom Origins	publisher	Capcom
Footfalls of Indian History	publisher	Green, and Co
Hong Kong Island Magazine	publisher	Tom Hilditch
Mangirl!	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
An Indian Study of Love and Death	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co.
The Ragnarök Conspiracy	publisher	Prometheus Books
Son	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Dictionary of Disgusting Facts	publisher	Futura
The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Blink of the Screen	publisher	Doubleday
Myths of the Hindus & Buddhists	publisher	London : George G. Harrap & Co.,.
European Journal of Cancer Care	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Love Hurts	publisher	Kartago Förlag
Veil's Visit: a Taste of Hap and Leonard	publisher	Subterranean Press
Monty Python's Flying Circus: The Computer Game	publisher	Virgin Interactive
El Chavo	publisher	Slang Publishing
El Chavo	publisher	Televisa
The Drowned Vault	publisher	Random House
Hulk: Gray	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tufts Magazine	publisher	Tufts University
The Firebrand	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Muromi-san	publisher	Kodansha
Miss Mousie's Blind Date	publisher	Tundra Books
Lex Luthor: The Unauthorized Biography	publisher	DC Comics
Ancient Maya: The Rise and Fall of a Rainforest Civilization	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Ricerche di Pedagogia e Didattica	publisher	University of Bologna
Kamidori Alchemy Meister	publisher	Eushully
Caravan to Lhasa	publisher	Various
Biblical Interpretation	publisher	Brill Publishers
Captains Outrageous	publisher	Subterranean Press
Captains Outrageous	publisher	Mysterious Press
Captains Outrageous	publisher	Black Lizard
Crazy Cars: Hit the Road	publisher	Microïds
Narcopolis	publisher	Penguin Books
Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix	publisher	Square Enix
Religion and Dharma	publisher	Longmans, Green, and Co.,
Studies from an Eastern Home	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co.,
The Archaeology of Death and Burial	publisher	Sutton Publishing Ltd
City & Community	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Sociological Association
Shadowgun	publisher	Madfinger Games
Feed Me Oil	publisher	Chillingo
A Report from Group 17	publisher	Macmillan Publishing Co Adult Fiction
Dear Life	publisher	McClelland and Stewart
Nature Arabic Edition	publisher	Nature Publishing Group-Partnered with KACST
A God Who Hates	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Vanilla Ride	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Vanilla Ride	publisher	Black Lizard
Devil Red	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Devil Red	publisher	Black Lizard
Hyenas: a Hap and Leonard Novella	publisher	Subterranean Press
Neuropsychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Bluenose Ghosts	publisher	Ryerson Press, Toronto
Journal of Counseling Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Point of Impact	publisher	Image Comics
Montopia	publisher	Zynga
Guardian Cross	publisher	Square Enix
Littlest Pet Shop	publisher	Hasbro
Some Gritstone Climbs	publisher	Refuge Printing Department : Manchester
Spartan Gold	publisher	Putnam, Berkley
We Can Report Them	publisher	1999
Legion Gold	publisher	Strategy First
Psychological Assessment	publisher	American Psychological Association
Psychological Methods	publisher	American Psychological Association
Journal of Family Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Experimental and Clinical Psychopharmacology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Behavioral Neuroscience	publisher	American Psychological Association
Rehabilitation Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Archives of Scientific Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Sunday Without God	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Death in the Desert	publisher	AuthorHouse
1982	publisher	Viking Canada
Rival Ball	publisher	Longbow Digital Arts
Journal of Early Modern Studies	publisher	Zeta Books
Runner2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien	publisher	Gaijin Games
Runner2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien	publisher	Aksys Games
The New New Deal	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Sylwan	publisher	Polish Forestry Society
Schweizerische Zeitschrift für Forstwesen	publisher	Swiss Forestry Society
Šumarski list	publisher	Croatian Forestry Society
The Indian Forester	publisher	Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education
The Blackhouse	publisher	Quercus
An Englishman Looks at the World	publisher	Cassell & Co
Measle and the Mallockee	publisher	Oxford University Press
King's Quest	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Curiosity – What's Inside the Cube%3F	publisher	22
Crewel	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Dead Trigger	publisher	Madfinger Games
Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Asian American Journal of Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Langrisser Schwarz	publisher	Masaya
Psychomusicology: Music, Mind and Brain	publisher	American Psychological Association
Donkey Punch	publisher	Birlinn Ltd
Journal of Diversity in Higher Education	publisher	American Psychological Association
Dreaming	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Dreams
Group Dynamics: Theory, Research, and Practice	publisher	American Psychological Association
History of Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Fuzzy Ergo Sum	publisher	Pequod Press
The Soccer Game	publisher	Wizard Games of Scotland, Ltd.
Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues
Nagi-Asu: A Lull in the Sea	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Walking Dead: The Road to Woodbury	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books, a division of St. Martin's Press
The Marriage of William Ashe	publisher	Harper
Towdie	publisher	Ultrasoft
The Troubled Empire	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Troubled Empire	publisher	;
The Troubled Empire	publisher	Belknap Press
The Informationist	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Barddas	publisher	D. J. Roderic, London, Longman & Co., Welsh Manuscripts Society
Iolo Manuscripts	publisher	W. Rees, Longman & Co., Welsh Manuscripts Society
The Giant, O'Brien	publisher	Fourth Estate
The Giant, O'Brien	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
PC Games	publisher	Computec Media AG
Saint Paul in Britain	publisher	J.H. and Jas. Parker, Oxford and London.
Steins;Gate: Fuka Ryōiki no Déjà vu	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Steins;Gate: Fuka Ryōiki no Déjà vu	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
First Light	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Sandy	publisher	The Century Company
The Structure of Science	publisher	Harcourt
Those Days	publisher	Ananda Publishers
Ultimate Werewolf	publisher	Bézier Games, Inc.
Journal of Psychotherapy Integration	publisher	American Psychological Association
International Perspectives in Psychology: Research, Practice, Consultation	publisher	American Psychological Association
o Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Peace and Conflict: Journal of Peace Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Psychoanalytic Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Personality Disorders: Theory, Research, and Treatment	publisher	American Psychological Association
Psychology of Popular Media Culture	publisher	American Psychological Association
International Journal of Play Therapy	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the Association for Play Therapy
Wondrous Beginnings	publisher	DAW Books
A Guide to the Old Buildings of the Cape	publisher	A.A. Balkema
The Republican Brain	publisher	Wiley
English Text Construction	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Memphis Post	publisher	John Eaton
The Crisis of the Democratic Intellect	publisher	Birlinn
The Democratic Intellect	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
Thunder Rising	publisher	HarperCollins
A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language	publisher	Longman
Unchained and Unhinged	publisher	Subterranean Press
Kill Decision	publisher	Penguin Group
The Best of Joe R. Lansdale	publisher	Tachyon Publications
Young Justice: Legacy	publisher	Little Orbit
Young Justice: Legacy	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Ei Samay Sangbadpatra	publisher	The Times Group
Journal of Population Economics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the European Society of Population Economics, POP at UNU-MERIT and the Global Labor Organization
MIMS Ireland	publisher	MPI Media Ltd
Wine Grapes	publisher	Allen Lane
Feminist Africa	publisher	African Gender Institute
Feminist Africa	publisher	University of Cape Town
Annihilation Factor	publisher	Ace Books
Families, Systems and Health	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the Collaborative Family Healthcare Association
Black Blossom	publisher	Prime Books
The Book of Lights	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Bealby	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Landlady	publisher	Notes of the Fatherland
Mena Report	publisher	Al Bawaba
African Business	publisher	IC Publications
Publius	publisher	Oxford University Press
Where in Time Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund
Carmen Sandiego's Great Chase Through Time	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Carmen Sandiego's Great Chase Through Time	publisher	The Learning Company
Yume no Kayoiji	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
High Velocity	publisher	Atlus
Systematic & Applied Acarology	publisher	Systematic & Applied Acarology Society
The Doubtful Guest	publisher	Doubleday
Hot Doc	publisher	Kostas Vaxevanis
The Conversion of Chaplain Cohen	publisher	Bernard Geis Associates
Helldorado	publisher	Viva Media
1,227 QI Facts to Blow Your Socks Off	publisher	Faber and Faber
1,227 QI Facts to Blow Your Socks Off	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
A Life's Morning	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Nothing Human Left	publisher	Cargo
Demos	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Unclassed	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Act of Murder	publisher	Polygon
Jerusalem: The Biography	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
International Journal of Nanomedicine	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Cybernetics and Systems	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Nuclear Union	publisher	1
Battlesystem Skirmishes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Journal of Parasitology	publisher	American Society of Parasitologists
Clinical Interventions in Aging	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Drug Design, Development and Therapy	publisher	Dove Medical Press
OncoTargets and Therapy	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Clinical Ophthalmology	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Patient Preference and Adherence	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Affliction	publisher	Berkley Publishing Group
Affliction	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Affliction	publisher	Jove Books
One Way Forward	publisher	Byliner
Graveminder	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Dead Wood	publisher	Polygon
The Rise of Rome: The Making of the World's Greatest Empire	publisher	Random House
Thirty-nine Reasons Why I Am a Vegetarian	publisher	The Vegetarian society of America
Private Guns, Public Health	publisher	University of Michigan Press
Moloch: or, This Gentile World	publisher	Grove Press
Gabriel's Inferno	publisher	Berkley Books
Mahabharata	publisher	Amar Chitra Katha
All-New X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Guidelines for Assessment and Instruction in Statistics Education	publisher	American Statistical Association
Dynasty Warriors 8	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Christology: A Biblical, Historical, and Systematic Study of Jesus	publisher	Oxford University Press
I, Tyrant	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Hellbound: The Blood War	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Defilers and Preservers: The Wizards of Athas	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Volo's Guide to the Dalelands	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Edwin Mullhouse	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Sky Dragons	publisher	New York: Del Rey Ballantine
Western Herald	publisher	Navoc Pty. Limited
Carmen Sandiego Word Detective	publisher	Brøderbund
DokiDoki! PreCure	publisher	Kodansha
Witches of East End	publisher	Hyperion Books
Jesus: A Portrait	publisher	Darton, Longman and Todd Ltd
Pid	publisher	D3 Publisher
Animals Are Like That	publisher	Robert M. McBride
CityVille 2	publisher	Zynga
Senyu	publisher	Kodansha
Senyu	publisher	Kodansha
Senyu	publisher	Shueisha
Ai Mai Mi	publisher	Takeshobo
Syrie	publisher	French High Commission, Beirut
The Sims 4	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tunis-Socialiste	publisher	Tunisian Federation of SFIO
Shiris Ko Phool	publisher	Sajha Prakashan, Kathmandu, Nepal
Cross Channel	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Cross Channel	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Le Travailleur du Centre Ouest	publisher	French Communist Party
The Lord	publisher	Werkbund-Verlag
Getting Rid of Bradley	publisher	Harlequin Books
The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton Ltd
Waging Heavy Peace	publisher	Blue Rider Press
The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Christian Myth	publisher	West bridge Books
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	The Learning Company
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego%3F Deluxe	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Where in the U.S.A. Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Where in the U.S.A. Is Carmen Sandiego%3F Deluxe	publisher	Brøderbund
Where in the U.S.A. Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund
Boon	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Archivos de Medicina Veterinaria	publisher	Southern University of Chile
Contacto	publisher	Saint-Paul Luxembourg
The Christian Chronicle	publisher	Churches of Christ
The Christian Chronicle	publisher	Oklahoma Christian University
Tom Thumb's Picture Alphabet	publisher	J. S. Redfield
The Theory of Good and Evil	publisher	1907
Spectropia	publisher	James G. Gregory
Spectropia	publisher	Griffith and Farran
Voices of war	publisher	Hachette
Silent No More: Victim 1's Fight for Justice Against Jerry Sandusky	publisher	Ballantine Books
School Psychology Quarterly	publisher	American Psychological Association
Psychological Trauma: Theory, Research, Practice, and Policy	publisher	American Psychological Association
Witch Craft Works	publisher	Kodansha
The Great Theatre of Dutch Painters	publisher	Arnold Houbraken
Beautiful Children	publisher	Random House
In a Strange Room	publisher	Atlantic Books
Baldur's Gate	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Seattle Union Record	publisher	Central Labor Council of Seattle and Vicinity
The Summer of the Ubume	publisher	Vertical, Inc.
Shantae and the Pirate's Curse	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Shantae and the Pirate's Curse	publisher	Rising Star Games
Biologics: Targets and Therapy	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome and Obesity: Targets and Therapy	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Limit	publisher	Kodansha
The Jesus I Never Knew	publisher	Zondervan
Clinical Epidemiology	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Empire of Two Worlds	publisher	Ace Books
The Hip Hop Dance Experience	publisher	Ubisoft
Minnesota Journal of International Law	publisher	University of Minnesota Law School
Final Match Tennis	publisher	Human Entertainment
All the Earth, Thrown to the Sky	publisher	Delacorte Press
The Star Fox	publisher	Doubleday
Gua-Le-Ni; or, The Horrendous Parade	publisher	Double Jungle S.a.s.
Training and Education in Professional Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
God the Invisible King	publisher	Cassell
Act of Love	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Act of Love	publisher	Subterranean Press
Act of Love	publisher	Carroll and Graf
The Commitment Engine	publisher	Portfolio
The Cat	publisher	Presses de la Cité
Ganadabi	publisher	Socialist Unity Centre of India
Augustinus-Lexikon	publisher	Schwabe AG for the Academy of Sciences and Literature in Mainz
Cable and X-Force	publisher	Marvel Comics
Avengers Arena	publisher	Marvel Comics
Tales of the Lance	publisher	TSR, Inc.
One Piece: Romance Dawn	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Bulls Bears and the Ballot Box	publisher	Advantage Media Group
The Sims FreePlay	publisher	Electronic Arts
Great Battle Fullblast	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Makeruna! Makendō 2: Kimero Youkai Souri	publisher	Datam Polystar
Started Early, Took My Dog	publisher	Doubleday
All In: The Education of General David Petraeus	publisher	Penguin Press
He-Man: The Most Powerful Game in the Universe	publisher	Electronic Arts
Rose Guns Days	publisher	Square Enix
Rose Guns Days	publisher	Square Enix
Rose Guns Days	publisher	Kodansha
Hit-Girl	publisher	Icon
Fearless Defenders	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Sun Trail	publisher	HarperCollins
Masters of True Crime	publisher	Prometheus Books
Most of Me	publisher	Greystone Books
Spy Mouse	publisher	Electronic Arts
Hot Art	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
Mystery Case Files: Shadow Lake	publisher	Big Fish Games
Uni in the USA	publisher	Galore Park Publishing
The Chimps of Fauna Sanctuary	publisher	HarperCollins
Where in America's Past Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund
Where in Space Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund
Where in Europe Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Brøderbund Software
MIND MGMT	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Letters from the Lost	publisher	Athabasca University Press
Epigraphia Zeylanica	publisher	Department of Archaeology
Plague of Spells	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
City of Torment	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Journal of Social Issues	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues
Social Issues and Policy Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues
ARC Squadron	publisher	Psyonix
Notes of Some Wanderings with the Swami Vivekananda	publisher	Udbodhan, Calcutta
The Superior Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Savage Wolverine	publisher	Marvel Comics
Select essays of Sister Nivedita	publisher	Ganesh & Co.,
The Lake of Dead Languages	publisher	Ballantine Books
Thomas Was Alone	publisher	Mike Bithell
Thomas Was Alone	publisher	Curve Digital
Thomas Was Alone	publisher	Bossa Studios
Beast Saga	publisher	Shueisha
Supremacy 1914	publisher	Bigpoint Games
The Lawgiver	publisher	Simon & Schuster
GetAmped	publisher	CyberStep
Congo: The Epic History of a People	publisher	De Bezige Bij
I Kill	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal	publisher	American Psychological Association
Ripley Bogle	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Ripley Bogle	publisher	Arcade Publishing
Psychotherapy	publisher	American Psychological Association
Seeking Gaddafi	publisher	Biteback Publishing
JoJolion	publisher	Shueisha
International Journal of Women's Health	publisher	Dove Medical Press
International Journal of Nephrology and Renovascular Disease	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Journal of Pain Research	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Vascular Health and Risk Management	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Cancer Management and Research	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Advances and Applications in Bioinformatics and Chemistry	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Blood Red Road	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Adventures in Solitude	publisher	Harbour Publishing
Jew and Improved	publisher	HarperCollins
A Very Capable Life	publisher	Athabasca University Press
A Chef of Nobunaga	publisher	Houbunsha
Tokyo Ravens	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Tokyo Ravens	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Lakeland: Journeys into the Soul of Canada	publisher	Greystone Books
Smiling Bears	publisher	Greystone Books
Burning Down the House	publisher	Thomas Allen Publishers
Lost: A Memoir	publisher	Key Porter Books
Vast	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Socialist Studies	publisher	Society for Socialist Studies
Star Winds	publisher	DAW Books
The Riverbones	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
The Darien Gap	publisher	Harbour Publishing
Ingress	publisher	Niantic
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs	publisher	Activision
Underdogs	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Dynasty Warriors Next	publisher	Koei
Snow Treasure	publisher	E. P. Dutton
TowerMadness	publisher	Limbic Software
Stardust	publisher	New Star Books
The Annotated Hobbit	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Baptism of Fire: The Second Battle of Ypres and the Forging of Canada, April 1915	publisher	HarperCollins
Zombie Gunship	publisher	Limbic Software
French Kiss: Stephen Harper's Blind Date with Quebec	publisher	Knopf Canada
DeathKeep	publisher	Strategic Simulations
The Red Wall	publisher	General Store Publishing
Macross 30: Voices across the Galaxy	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Adaptive Coloration in Animals	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Adaptive Coloration in Animals	publisher	Oxford University Press
Causeway: A Passage from Innocence	publisher	HarperCollins
Hoity Toity	publisher	Foreign Languages Publishing House
Economic Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Centre for Economic Policy Research, Center for Economic Studies of the University of Munich, and the Paris School of Economics
Fiscal Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Institute for Fiscal Studies
Applied Psychology: Health and Well-Being	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association of Applied Psychology
British Journal of Development Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society.
British Journal of Educational Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society.
Child and Adolescent Mental Health	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health
Journal of Family Therapy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association of Family Therapy and Systematic Practice
Child: Care, Health and Development	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Association of Community Child Health, the Swiss Paediatric Society, and the European Society for Social Pediatrics
Personality and Mental Health	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Centre for Health and Justice
And the Mountains Echoed	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Miseducation of Cameron Post	publisher	Balzer + Bray
Mastery	publisher	Viking Adult
Why Leaders Lie	publisher	Oxford University Press  and Duckworth
Who Could That Be at This Hour%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 14	publisher	EA Sports
Kessakusen! Ganbare Goemon 1 & 2	publisher	Konami
The Bog People	publisher	Gyldendal
The Bog People	publisher	Faber and Faber
Trouble in Terrorist Town	publisher	Facepunch Studios
Beautiful Bastard	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Home	publisher	Yedioth Ahronoth / Hemed Books
Ishida & Asakura	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Little Inferno	publisher	Tomorrow Corporation
Little Inferno	publisher	Experimental Gameplay Group
Cuticle Detective Inaba	publisher	Square Enix
War and the Future	publisher	Cassell
Dead in the West	publisher	Night Shade Books
The Boar	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Boar	publisher	Night Shade Books
The Soul of the Robot	publisher	Doubleday
Ginger: The Life and Death of Albert Goodwin	publisher	Harbour Publishing
The Seed of Evil	publisher	Allison & Busby
The Rod of Light	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Forest of Peldain	publisher	DAW Books
Sewing a Friendship	publisher	TINTINATIE Publishing
Dumb Ways to Die	publisher	Metro Trains Melbourne
Limited Collectors' Edition	publisher	DC Comics
Galactic Derelict	publisher	World Publishing Company
Happy Wars	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Secret of Crickley Hall	publisher	Pan Books
The Sinners of Erspia	publisher	Wildside Press
The Great Hydration	publisher	Wildside Press
The Defiant Agents	publisher	World Publishing Company
The Blue Knight	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
International Journal of Stress Management	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the International Stress Management Association
Strathclyde Telegraph	publisher	University of Strathclyde Students' Association
The Zen Gun	publisher	DAW Books
Journal of Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Inside the Neolithic Mind	publisher	Thames and Hudson
The Knights of the Limits	publisher	Allison & Busby
Against Medical Advice: A True Story	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Uncharted: Fight for Fortune	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Ignorance of Blood	publisher	HarperCollins
Nitassinan: The Innu Struggle to Reclaim Their Homeland	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
ArchEnemy	publisher	Dial Press
God of War video game collections	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
White Lies	publisher	NeWest Press
The Only Snow in Havana	publisher	Cormorant Books
The Colours of Animals	publisher	Kegan Paul, Trench & Trübner
Jesus of Nazareth: The Infancy Narratives	publisher	Image Books
Capital and the Debt Trap	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Love Lab	publisher	Houbunsha
The Severing Crime Edge	publisher	Media Factory
Cold in July	publisher	Mark V. Ziesing
Killing Kennedy	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic	publisher	Gameloft
Smart As	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Foreign Language Annals	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages
International Studies Perspectives	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association
International Studies Review	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Studies Association
Sharing a Robin's Life	publisher	Nimbus Publishing
The Guns of Normandy	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Tabula Rasa	publisher	Kinneret Zmora-Bitan Dvir
Jevons Block	publisher	McGrath-Sherrill Press
Key Out of Time	publisher	World Publishing Co.
The Fiery Heart	publisher	Razorbill
In the Fourth Year	publisher	Chatto & Windus
In the Fourth Year	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Les Bravades	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
Combat Fleets of the World	publisher	Éditions maritimes & d’outre-mer, Ouest-France
Coming Back to Me	publisher	HarperCollins
Whirl Away	publisher	Thomas Allen Publishers
BlazBlue: Clone Phantasma	publisher	Arc System Works
The Sheikh and the Dustbin	publisher	Collins/Harvill
McAuslan in the Rough	publisher	Knopf
Quartered Safe Out Here	publisher	Harvill
Black Ajax	publisher	HarperCollins
Go Go Cosmo Cops	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Timely Death	publisher	Knopf Canada
Concealing-Coloration in the Animal Kingdom	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Certain Slant of Light	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
99 Francs	publisher	Grasset & Fasquelle
Eminent Historians	publisher	ASA Publications
Dark Hollow	publisher	Leisure Books
Cross Roads	publisher	FaithWords
Clinical and Experimental Gastroenterology	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Clinical Pharmacology: Advances and Applications	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Clinical, Cosmetic and Investigational Dermatology	publisher	Dove Medical Press
ClinicoEconomics and Outcomes Research	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Core Evidence	publisher	Dove Medical Press
America-Lite	publisher	Encounter Books
Mrs. King	publisher	Penguin Books
Beyond the Door	publisher	King-Size Publications
Romancing Mary Jane	publisher	Greystone Books
 The Serpent Hills	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Undermountain: The Lost Level	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Country Sites	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Shining Ark	publisher	Sega
To Control the Stars	publisher	Ballantine Books
Deponia	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Psychology of Violence	publisher	American Psychological Association
Sport, Exercise, and Performance Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Rabindra Chitravali	publisher	Pratikshan
Sacré Blues	publisher	Macfarlane Walter & Ross
Rolling Home: A Cross Canada Railroad Memoir	publisher	Penguin Books
The Last Island	publisher	Harbour Publishing
Into the Blue	publisher	Random House Canada
I'll Tell You a Secret	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
After	publisher	Tundra Books
Journal of Experimental Psychology: General	publisher	American Psychological Association
Photo Kano	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Photo Kano	publisher	Hakusensha
Photo Kano	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
Photo Kano	publisher	Enterbrain
Antifragile	publisher	Random House
Antifragile	publisher	Penguin Books
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Applied	publisher	American Psychological Association
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance	publisher	American Psychological Association
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory and Cognition	publisher	American Psychological Association
Regina's Closet	publisher	Beaufort Books
Freezer Burn	publisher	Crossroads Press, Mysterious Press
Battle for Graxia	publisher	Petroglyph Games
Virgins	publisher	Pocket Books
Puberty Blues	publisher	McPhee Gribble
MLB 13: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Big Blow	publisher	Subterranean Press
Tamako Market	publisher	Kyoto Animation
They Knew Mr. Knight	publisher	Farrar & Rhinehart
If Her Flag Breaks	publisher	Kodansha
If Her Flag Breaks	publisher	Kodansha
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic	publisher	IDW Publishing
Dinosaur Safari	publisher	Mindscape
Running on the Cracks	publisher	Egmont Books
Drugs & Aging	publisher	Adis International
GetAmped2	publisher	CyberStep
Cosmic Break	publisher	CyberStep
The Arab Lobby: The Invisible Alliance That Undermines America's Interests in the Middle East	publisher	Harper
After the Ball	publisher	Currency Press
Soulmates	publisher	Currency Press
Teb o Tazkieh	publisher	Tehran University of Medical Sciences
A Delicate Truth	publisher	Penguin Books
Dexter's Laboratory: Mandark's Lab%3F	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
Studies in the Labour Theory of Value	publisher	Lawrence & Wishart
Studies in the Labour Theory of Value	publisher	Monthly Review Press
Sociology of Health and Illness	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Foundation for the Sociology of Health and Illness
Anthropology Today	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Anthropological Institute.
Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Anthropological Institute.
Public Administration	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
International Journal of Japanese Sociology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Japan Sociological Society
The Australian Journal of Anthropology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Australian Anthropological Society.
Gender, Work and Organization	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
International Journal of Social Welfare	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
International Social Security Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Social Security Association
British Journal of Special Education	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Association for Special Educational Needs
All Esper Dayo!	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Philosophy of Education	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Philosophy of Education Society of Great Britain
Journal of Research in Reading	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the UKLA.
Journal of Research in Special Educational Needs	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Association for Special Educational Needs
Literacy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the United Kingdom Literacy Association.
Support for Learning	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Nasen
EuroChoices	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Agricultural Economics Society and the European Association of Agricultural Economists.
International Labour Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Labour Organization.
Journal of Agricultural Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Agricultural Economics Society
Journal of Economic Surveys	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Celestial Navigation	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Forecasting	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Kyklos	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Blackwell Publishing Ltd and University of Oxford Department of Economics.
Review of Development Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic Development Association.
Mao: A Reinterpretation	publisher	Ivan R. Dee
Samurai Jack: The Amulet of Time	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
The Truth About Markets	publisher	Allen Lane
The Beginner's Goodbye	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
To Escape the Stars	publisher	Ballantine Books
Birthrights	publisher	Currency Press
Gazette of Tamil Nadu	publisher	Department of Tamil Development, Religious Endowments and Information
Love Ain't Nothing But Sex Misspelled	publisher	Trident Press
Love Ain't Nothing But Sex Misspelled	publisher	Ace Books
Western Attitudes Toward Death from the Middle Ages to the Present	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
There Ain't No Justice	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Plan	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Plan	publisher	Ghostlight
The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing	publisher	NeocoreGames
Computación y Sistemas	publisher	Instituto Politécnico Nacional
Pippi Goes on Board	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
NightWatch: A Practical Guide to Viewing the Universe	publisher	Firefly Books Ltd.
On Fire: A Teen Wolf Novel	publisher	MTV Books
The First Global Revolution	publisher	Pantheon Books
Undying Love	publisher	Image Comics
Nietzsche's Kisses	publisher	Fiction Collective Two
Recently, My Sister Is Unusual	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Recently, My Sister Is Unusual	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Shift	publisher	Crown Publishing
Inari, Konkon, Koi Iroha	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Stanford Social Innovation Review	publisher	Stanford Center on Philanthropy and Civil Society
Stanford Social Innovation Review	publisher	Stanford University
Space Zap	publisher	Midway Games
App Empire: Make Money, Have a Life, and Let Technology Work for You	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Custom Nation	publisher	BenBella Books
The Death of Bees	publisher	Windmill Books
Blue Print	publisher	Bally Midway
Blue Print	publisher	CBS Electronics
Beautiful Redemption	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Gul Afshaniyaat-e-Iqbal	publisher	Iqbal Academy Pakistan
Gul Afshaniyaat-e-Iqbal	publisher	Khowar Academy
Triple Hunt	publisher	Atari
Annals of Operations Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Husbands: The Comic	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
By Bizarre Hands Rides Again	publisher	Bloodletting Press/ Morning Star Press
Leprechaun	publisher	Enter-Tech/Moppet Video,Game Plan
Blood Red Horse	publisher	Puffin Books
Diamond Grill	publisher	Edmonton
Stars of David: Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish	publisher	Broadway Books
Disasters	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Overseas Development Institute
Development Policy Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Overseas Development Institute.
International Migration	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Organization for Migration.
Papers in Regional Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International.
Tijdschrift voor economische en sociale geografie	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Dutch Geographical Society.
International Journal of Urban and Regional Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Foundation for Urban and Regional Studies
Development and Change	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Institute of Social Studies.
IDS Bulletin	publisher	Institute of Development Studies
Don't Starve	publisher	Klei Entertainment
Regional Science Policy and Practice	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International.
Natural Resources Forum	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Division of Sustainable Development in the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Journal of International Financial Management and Accounting	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Corporate Governance: An International Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
International Transactions in Operational Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Federation of Operational Research Societies.
European Management Review	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Academy of Management
Annals of Public and Cooperative Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Centre of Research and Information on the Public, Social and Cooperative Economy.
Management and Organization Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International Association for Chinese Management Research
No Ordinary Time	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bulletin of Economic Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Economic Notes	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Economic Outlook	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Oxford Economics
Economics of Transition	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
Sportsfriends	publisher	Die Gute Fabrik
International Journal of Art and Design Education	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Society for Education in Art and Design
William Cooper's Town	publisher	Vintage
The Radicalism of the American Revolution	publisher	Vintage
The Fate of Liberty	publisher	Oxford University Press
Atari Greatest Hits	publisher	Atari
Calendar of Regrets	publisher	Fiction Collective Two
Dark Souls II	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Zeitschrift für Naturforschung C	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
The Launching of Modern American Science, 1846–1876	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Voyagers to the West: A Passage in the Peopling of America on the Eve of the Revolution	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Been in the Storm So Long	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
American Education: The National Experience, 1783–1876	publisher	Harper & Row
Mary Chesnut's Civil War	publisher	Yale University Press
The Transformation of Virginia, 1740–1790	publisher	University of North Carolina Press
Head in Flames	publisher	Chiasmus Press
Kings in Grass Castles	publisher	Constable & Co.
Anxious Pleasures	publisher	Shoemaker & Hoard
Otouto Catcher Ore Pitcher De!	publisher	Kodansha
The Dred Scott Case: Its Significance in American Law and Politics	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Visible Hand: The Managerial Revolution in American Business	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Impending Crisis, 1848–1861	publisher	Harper & Row
Lamy of Santa Fe	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Jefferson and His Time	publisher	University of Virginia Press
The Americans: The Democratic Experience	publisher	Random House
10:01	publisher	Chiasmus Press
People of Paradox	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Neither Black nor White	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
Roosevelt: The Soldier of Freedom	publisher	Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
Street Fighter X Mega Man	publisher	Capcom
Present at the Creation: My Years in the State Department	publisher	W.W. Norton
Stella	publisher	Bonnier Group
Nine from Aberdeen	publisher	Cambridge Scholars Publishing
Tuan Direktur	publisher	Balai Pustaka
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – Dragonborn	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Ibitsu	publisher	Akita Shoten
Psychological Services	publisher	American Psychological Association
A Slipping-Down Life	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Half-Blood Blues	publisher	Serpent’s Tail
Splinter	publisher	Solaris Books
The Tin Can Tree	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A Quiet Drink	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Morgan's Passing	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Goodbye Goliath	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Scilicet	publisher	Éditions du Seuil/Collection rue Huysmans
The Astromundi Cluster	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Glory of Rome	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Earth, Air, Fire, and Water	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Phaidon Design Classics	publisher	Phaidon Press
I Am That	publisher	Chetana Publishing
Wettermark	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc	publisher	Enterbrain
Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Wizorb	publisher	Tribute Games
Woes of the True Policeman	publisher	Editorial Anagrama, Barcelona
Super Robot Wars UX	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Keesha's House	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Kubrick the Dog	publisher	G. Schirmer
Marketing MBA	publisher	Green Mall Publications
Progress in Polymer Science	publisher	Elsevier
St. Nersess Theological Review	publisher	St. Nersess Armenian Seminary
Black Feminist Thought	publisher	Hyman
Tilting our plates to catch the light	publisher	Firstfruits Publications and Math Paper Press
Unmarked treasure	publisher	Firstfruits Publications and Math Paper Press
Let me tell you something about that night	publisher	Transit Lounge and Ethos Books
Sanketa Nidhi	publisher	Ranjan Publications
Hero Academy	publisher	Robot Entertainment
The Fall of Arthur	publisher	HarperCollins
The Fall of Arthur	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
While I'm Dead Feed the Dog	publisher	Harper Collins
Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet	publisher	Enterbrain
Kubah	publisher	*Pustaka Jaya \n*Gramedia
Johnny's in the Basement	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Johnny's in the Basement	publisher	Avon Books
Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine	publisher	Walter de Gruyter in association with the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine
Reviews in Clinical Gerontology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Group Facilitation: A Research and Applications Journal	publisher	International Association of Facilitators
Leather Maiden	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Air Conflicts: Secret Wars	publisher	BitComposer
Air Conflicts: Pacific Carriers	publisher	BitComposer Games
Air Conflicts: Pacific Carriers	publisher	Maximum Games
The Paradise War	publisher	Zondervan
Son of Retro Pulp Tales	publisher	Subterranean Press
Australian Birdlife	publisher	BirdLife Australia
Final Fantasy	publisher	Square
Final Fantasy	publisher	Nintendo
The Ego in Freud's Theory and in the Technique of Psychoanalysis	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World	publisher	Penguin Press
Kin-iro Mosaic	publisher	Houbunsha
Rotozoa	publisher	Nintendo
Log Horizon	publisher	Enterbrain
Log Horizon	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Log Horizon	publisher	Enterbrain
Log Horizon	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Mechanized Assault & Exploration	publisher	Interplay Productions
PharmacoEconomics	publisher	Adis International
Chikyū Kaihō Gun ZAS	publisher	T&E Soft
Knytt Underground	publisher	Ripstone
Life and Philosophy of Swami Vivekananda	publisher	Atlantic Publishers & Dist, New Delhi
Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India	publisher	Atlantic Publishers & Dist, New Delhi
Fast Machine	publisher	Hobart
Lectures from Colombo to Almora	publisher	Vyjayanti Press, Madras
Kaio: King of Pirates	publisher	Marvelous AQL
The History of Us	publisher	Touchstone Books
The Denpa Men: They Came By Wave	publisher	Genius Sonority
An Infinite Summer	publisher	Faber and Faber
An Infinite Summer	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Earthly Possessions	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Phone Story	publisher	Molleindustria
The Story of the Weasel	publisher	Hart-Davis, MacGibbon
The Story of the Weasel	publisher	Mason-Charter
Peter's Key	publisher	Mercier Press
The Shining Girls	publisher	Random House
The Shining Girls	publisher	HarperCollins
The Shining Girls	publisher	Mulholland Books
European Polymer Journal	publisher	Elsevier
JCDA	publisher	Canadian Dental Association
Gone Girl	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Mick Harte Was Here	publisher	Random House
Perspective	publisher	DigiPen Institute of Technology
Clay Jam	publisher	Zynga
Professor Xavier and the X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
Toki Tori 2	publisher	Two Tribes B.V.
Toki Tori 2	publisher	Rainy Frog
Molecular Brain	publisher	BioMed Central
Threshold	publisher	DC Comics
Lynx Casino	publisher	Atari
Rayman Activity Centre	publisher	Ubisoft
The Orchardist	publisher	Harper Collins
Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Bone Bed	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Cyclemania	publisher	Accolade
Long Live the Queen	publisher	Hanako Games
Turbo Sub	publisher	Atari
Persian Fire	publisher	Little, Brown Book Group
Campaign	publisher	Grassy Slope Entertainment, Inc.
Bard's Oath	publisher	Tor Books
The Garden of Words	publisher	Kodansha
The Garden of Words	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Spirit of Bosnia	publisher	Department of Sociology, Wittenberg University
The Cleanest Race	publisher	Melville House Publishing
Devils and Realist	publisher	Ichijinsha
A Monkey in Winter	publisher	Éditions de la Table ronde
Yowamushi Pedal	publisher	Akita Shoten
Every You, Every Me	publisher	Alfred A Knopf
The Walls of Delhi	publisher	UWA Publishing
Mercy Kill	publisher	Del Rey Books
Social Networks	publisher	Elsevier
Sociological Methodology	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association
Scroogenomics	publisher	Princeton University Press
Drug, Healthcare and Patient Safety	publisher	Dove Medical Press
AIDS – Research and Palliative Care	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Infection and Drug Resistance	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Integrated Blood Pressure Control	publisher	Dove Medical Press
International Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease	publisher	Dove Medical Press
International Journal of General Medicine	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Girls Forever Brave and True	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Yama: The Pit	publisher	Moscow Book Publishers
Yama: The Pit	publisher	Zemlya almanac
Godus	publisher	22
Gift Days	publisher	Fitzhenry & Whiteside
Tiny Beautiful Things	publisher	Vintage Books
Wjm	publisher	BMJ Group
Extra Virginity	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
University Physics	publisher	Pearson Education
Webspinners: Tales of Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Timișoara Times	publisher	Samuel Wasyl Micula
The Invention of Art	publisher	Univ. of Chicago Press
Torch	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Mutant Rampage: Bodyslam	publisher	Philips
ChocoTan!	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Cachexia, Sarcopenia and Muscle	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell in association with the Society on Sarcopenia, Cachexia and Wasting Disorders
Dokuro	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Business History Review	publisher	Harvard University
High-Opp	publisher	WordFire Press
Majestic Prince	publisher	Shogakukan
Majestic Prince	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Dance Dance Revolution	publisher	Konami
Paesaggio Urbano	publisher	Gruppo Maggioli
Angel of Darkness	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
Awful Splendour: A Fire History of Canada	publisher	UBC Press
The Pact	publisher	Riverhead Trade
Pakistan: A Personal History	publisher	Bantam Press
Washington: A Life	publisher	Penguin Press
Beatmania IIDX 20: Tricoro	publisher	Konami Corporation
Polish Sociological Review	publisher	Polish Sociological Association
Even the Stars Look Lonesome	publisher	Random House
Dead Lines	publisher	Ballantine Books
Mariposa	publisher	Vanguard Press
Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn	publisher	Square Enix
Official History of New Zealand in the Second World War 1939–45	publisher	War History Branch, Department of Internal Affairs
Billionaire Boy	publisher	HarperCollins Children's
Legacy	publisher	HarperCollins
The Sims 3: University Life	publisher	Electronic Arts
Orgarhythm	publisher	Xseed Games
Serial Killers: The Method and Madness of Monsters	publisher	Berkley Books
Serial Killers: The Method and Madness of Monsters	publisher	Penguin Group
Usotsuki Mii-kun to Kowareta Maa-chan	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Usotsuki Mii-kun to Kowareta Maa-chan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Catechumen	publisher	N'Lightning Software
Act One	publisher	Random House
Hollywood Rat Race	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
Lego Legends of Chima: Laval's Journey	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Home	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Refugee Boy	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Mr. Monk Gets Even	publisher	Signet Books
Stronghold Crusader II	publisher	Firefly Studios
Home Run Battle 3D	publisher	Com2uS
A Political Fable	publisher	Viking Press
Lego Legends of Chima Online	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lone Wolf	publisher	Atria Books
Hell Yeah! Wrath of the Dead Rabbit	publisher	Sega
The Tombs	publisher	Penguin Group
Kalau Tak Untung	publisher	Balai Pustaka
Mr. Monk Helps Himself	publisher	Signet Books
Danchi Tomoo	publisher	Shogakukan
Cherar Kottai	publisher	Kamalam Books
Joe Ledger Series	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Days of Blood and Starlight	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Shadow of Night	publisher	Penguin Books
FIFA 14	publisher	EA Sports
Operation Flashpoint: Resistance	publisher	Codemasters
Operation Flashpoint: Red Hammer	publisher	Codemasters
ARMA: Queen's Gambit	publisher	505
Strong Fathers, Strong Daughters	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Defenders of Ardania	publisher	Deep Silver
Defenders of Ardania	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Emerald Atlas	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A Moment in Time	publisher	Michael Joseph
A Moment in Time	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Pagan Place	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Time Warp	publisher	DC Comics
The Splatters	publisher	Microsoft Studios
A Study on Kamrupi	publisher	Dept. of Historical Antiquarian Studies
Kenya Gazette	publisher	Kenya Government Press
Clinical Social Work Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Destroying Avalon	publisher	Fremantle Arts Centre Press
Pow!	publisher	Seagull Books
The Islanders	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
A Modern Chronicle	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Thomas Aquinas Dictionary	publisher	Philosophical Library
Winnie the Pooh's Home Run Derby	publisher	Walt Disney Pictures
Rajakesari	publisher	Palaniappa Brothers
Patterns	publisher	Linden Lab
Law and Social Inquiry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Bar Foundation
Going Clear	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Scarygirl	publisher	Square Enix
Valvrave the Liberator	publisher	Shueisha
Valvrave the Liberator	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Valvrave the Liberator	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Pokémon X and Y	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Søren Kierkegaard as Philosopher	publisher	Stuttgart F. Frommann
Selections from the Writings of Kierkegaard	publisher	University of Texas Austin
A Traveller In War-Time	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
G3: Genes, Genomes, Genetics	publisher	Genetics Society of America
Yeast	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Lego Marvel Super Heroes	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Marvel Super Heroes	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Sims 3: Island Paradise	publisher	Electronic Arts
Legislative Studies Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Legislative Studies Section of the American Political Science Association
Dungeonland	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Vagabond	publisher	HarperCollins
Private Games	publisher	Century
Parasite	publisher	EDP Sciences
Computational Biology and Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
The Wizard of Zao	publisher	DAW Books
Reconceptualizing India Studies	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Heathen in his Blindness...	publisher	E. J. Brill
Dream Basketball: Dunk & Hoop	publisher	Human Entertainment
Great North Road	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Military Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Acta Geotechnica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Acta Geotechnica Slovenica	publisher	University of Maribor
Distributed Event-Based Systems	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Major League Baseball 2K13	publisher	2
White Dog Fell from the Sky	publisher	Viking Adult
Journal of Experimental Botany	publisher	Oxford University Press
Flying Models	publisher	Carstens Publications
Bibliography and Index of Geology	publisher	American Geosciences Institute and Geological Society of America
Gun Machine	publisher	Mulholland Books
The Petroleum Dictionary	publisher	University of Oklahoma Press
Wingless	publisher	Indiaink Publishing
Journal of Colloid and Interface Science	publisher	Elsevier
Mars: War Logs	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
To Hell You Ride	publisher	Mike Richardson
To Hell You Ride	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Politics and Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the Universidad Iberoamericana, Mexico City, and several additional organizations
Teen-Age Romances	publisher	St. John Publications
Indian Journal of Medical Research	publisher	Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Council of Medical Research
Philobiblon	publisher	Babeș-Bolyai University
The Adventures of Unemployed Man	publisher	Little, Brown & Company
Journal of Mining Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Gardens of the Sun	publisher	Gollancz
Fun 'n Games	publisher	Super NES
Fun 'n Games	publisher	Tradewest
Fun 'n Games	publisher	Genesis/Mega Drive
Fun 'n Games	publisher	NA Tradewest
Fun 'n Games	publisher	EU Sony Electronic Publishing
Organic Geochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Ack-Ack Macaque	publisher	Solaris Books
Purple Saturn Day	publisher	Epyx Inc.
Artifact of Evil	publisher	TSR, Inc.
International Multilingual Research Journal	publisher	Routledge
All About Space	publisher	Imagine Publishing
Being Emily	publisher	Bella Books
Ghost in the Shell: Arise	publisher	Kodansha
Faultline 49	publisher	Guy Faux Books
Inferno	publisher	Doubleday
The Drowning	publisher	DeNA
The Drowning	publisher	Mobage
Disney Infinity	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Pixel Twist	publisher	Noodlecake Studios
Gone Home	publisher	The Fullbright Company
Gone Home	publisher	Majesco
Crashmo	publisher	Nintendo
Until Dawn	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons	publisher	505
I Couldn't Become a Hero, So I Reluctantly Decided to Get a Job.	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
I Couldn't Become a Hero, So I Reluctantly Decided to Get a Job.	publisher	Square Enix
Thanos Rising	publisher	Marvel Comics
Maggie's Way	publisher	Signet Books
Mogura no Uta	publisher	Shogakukan
Other Worlds: Notions of Self and Emotion among the Lohorung Rai	publisher	Berg Publishers
Journal of Mining and Metallurgy, Section B	publisher	University of Belgrade
The Destiny of Nathalie 'X'	publisher	Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd
The Destiny of Nathalie 'X'	publisher	Viking Press
The Destiny of Nathalie 'X'	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Screamer 2	publisher	Virgin Interactive Entertainment
Lego City Undercover: The Chase Begins	publisher	Nintendo
Kamen Rider: Battride War	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Kamen Rider: Battride War	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Craposyncrasies	publisher	H&S Media
Neptune's Brood	publisher	Ace Books
3-Pun Yosō Umaban Club	publisher	Hect
Amida	publisher	Coconuts Japan
Temple Run 2	publisher	Imangi Studios
Scorpion Soup	publisher	Secretum Mundi Publishing
Aah! Harimanada	publisher	Kodansha
The Stamp Collector	publisher	Fitzhenry & Whiteside
The Eerie Silence	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Flower in a Storm	publisher	Hakusensha
Ihmiset suviyössä	publisher	Otava
Lost at Sea: The Jon Ronson Mysteries	publisher	Picador
Sherlock Holmes: Hakushaku Reijō Yūkai Jiken	publisher	Towa Chiki
Layla	publisher	DB-SOFT
Lost Girls	publisher	Kensington Books
Dog & Scissors	publisher	Enterbrain
Dog & Scissors	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Experiment in Autobiography	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Immer derselbe Schnee und immer derselbe Onkel	publisher	Carl Hanser Verlag
AirMech	publisher	Carbon Games
AirMech	publisher	Ubisoft
Spelunker II: Yūsha e no Chōsen	publisher	Irem
Problems of a Sociology of Knowledge	publisher	Duncker & Humblot
Banishing Racer	publisher	Jaleco Entertainment
Engineering Geology	publisher	Elsevier
The Tower of Babble	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
Battle Pingpong	publisher	Quest Corporation
Das Gedicht	publisher	Anton G. Leitner Verlag
Bio Senshi Dan: Increaser to no Tatakai	publisher	Jaleco
Earth Defense Force 2025	publisher	D3 Publisher
Age of Ultron	publisher	Marvel Comics
Lullaby	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Unbreakable Machine-Doll	publisher	Media Factory
Unbreakable Machine-Doll	publisher	Media Factory
Quatro Rodas	publisher	Editora Abril
The Fall	publisher	Harper
Where They Create	publisher	Frame Publishers
The Beautiful Suit	publisher	Collier's Weekly
Norsk Slektshistorisk Tidsskrift	publisher	Norwegian Genealogical Society
The Sharks	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
Leepike Ridge	publisher	Random House
The Night Eternal	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Puzzle Guzzle	publisher	JP Irem\nNA Agetec
Etyka	publisher	Institute of Philosophy, University of Warsaw
Journal of Asthma and Allergy	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Journal of Inflammation Research	publisher	Dove Medical Press
Mushibugyo	publisher	Shogakukan
Mushibugyo	publisher	Shogakukan
Erika to Satoru no Yume Bōken	publisher	Namco
Xtabentún: A Novel of Yucatan	publisher	Shared Pen LLC, 2011
Marine Resource Economics	publisher	MRE Foundation
The Kingdom	publisher	Putnam
A History of British Birds	publisher	John Van Voorst, Paternoster Row, London
Penguin: Pain and Prejudice	publisher	DC Comics
Inside Apple	publisher	John Murray
Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE	publisher	Nintendo
Platoon	publisher	Monte Cristo
Platoon	publisher	Strategy First
Playing for Keeps	publisher	Podiobooks.com; Swarm Press
Platoon	publisher	Data East
Platoon	publisher	Sunsoft
The Lost Medallion: The Adventures of Billy Stone	publisher	Methinx Publishing
My Beloved World	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Great Night	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
In Siberia	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Contes cruels	publisher	Librairie Séguier
Snoopy DS: Let's Go Meet Snoopy and His Friends!	publisher	Square Enix
The Three Clever Kings	publisher	Macmillan & CO.
Mario Kart 8	publisher	Nintendo
Ciel Nosurge	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Flora of the Venezuelan Guayana	publisher	Timber Press
Flora of the Venezuelan Guayana	publisher	Missouri Botanical Garden Press
Bulletin of Earthquake Engineering	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the\n European Association for Earthquake Engineering
Janis and Saint Christopher	publisher	BookBaby
Fresh Off the Boat: A Memoir	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
The Shallows	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Warframe	publisher	Digital Extremes
Love Marriage	publisher	Random House Trade Paperbacks
The Round Table	publisher	Archibald Constable
Asterix	publisher	Sega
International Conference on Robotics and Automation	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
A Dinosaur's Tale	publisher	Hi Tech Expressions
Devilish	publisher	Sage's Creation
Devilish	publisher	Hot B
Devilish	publisher	Tec Toy
Devilish	publisher	Sega
Devilish	publisher	Samsung
King Salmon	publisher	Vic Tokai
King Salmon	publisher	Sega
Love and Summer	publisher	Viking Press
Jewelpet: The Glittering Magical Jewel Box	publisher	Sega
Kierkegaard Studies Monograph Series	publisher	Walter de Gruyter on behalf of the Søren Kierkegaard Research Center
Kierkegaard Studies Yearbook	publisher	Walter de Gruyter on behalf of the Søren Kierkegaard Research Center
Saint Sword	publisher	Taito
Millennium	publisher	Little, Brown Book Group
Let's Fish! Hooked On	publisher	Kadokawa Games
Let's Fish! Hooked On	publisher	Wired Productions Ltd
Zoo	publisher	Michael Joseph
 Fashion	publisher	Thames & Hudson
The Right Fight	publisher	HarperCollins
Policy Studies Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the American Political Science Association
Preludes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Review of Policy Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
The Thibaults	publisher	Nouvelle Revue Française
The Thibaults	publisher	Viking Press
The Thibaults	publisher	Bantam Books
Komarr	publisher	Baen Books
Family Party: 30 Great Games Obstacle Arcade	publisher	D3 Publisher
How to Create a Mind	publisher	Viking Penguin
After Capitalism: Economic Democracy in Action	publisher	Innerworld Publications
Psychology in Russia	publisher	Russian Psychological Society and Lomonosov Moscow State University's Faculty of Psychology
Flash and Bones	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Idol Hakkenden	publisher	Towa Chiki
Preventing Chronic Disease	publisher	Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Infinity	publisher	Marvel Comics
Garden Culture	publisher	GC Publishers
Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Hebereke's Popoitto	publisher	Sunsoft
Hebereke's Popoitto	publisher	Marubeni
Hebereke's Popoitto	publisher	Ludi
A Bit on the Side	publisher	Viking Press
Family Ties	publisher	Francisco Alves Editora
The Wise Way	publisher	Urdu Tehreek Karachi, London, The Hague
Cross Manage	publisher	Shueisha
Peeled and Quartered	publisher	Auspicious Coney Productions
The City, Not Long After	publisher	Doubleday
Animal Coloration	publisher	Swan Sonnenschein
Sejarah Film 1900–1950	publisher	*Komunitas Bambu\n*Jakarta Arts Council
Omerta – City of Gangsters	publisher	Kalypso Media
The Lady Daffodilia	publisher	John Lane
Early Human Development	publisher	Elsevier
Global Health Action	publisher	Co-Action Publishing on behalf of the Umeå Centre for Global Health Research
Bad, Bad Bunny Trouble	publisher	Scholastic Inc.
Sensible Sensuality	publisher	Authors Press, Delhi
Kant and the Problem of Metaphysics	publisher	Friedrich Cohen
The Twelve Tribes of Hattie	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Belief & Betrayal	publisher	Lighthouse Interactive
Intelligent Governance for the 21st Century	publisher	Polity
Impulse	publisher	Tor Books
Nuclear Medicine and Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Acta Neuropsychiatrica	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Scandinavian College of Neuropsychopharmacology
Psychiatry Research: Neuroimaging	publisher	Elsevier
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt	publisher	CD Projekt
Revolution in the Valley	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Zekkyō Gakkyū	publisher	Shueisha
The World Until Yesterday	publisher	Viking Press
Psychoneuroendocrinology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Society of Psychoneuroendocrinology
Motivation, Agency, and Public Policy	publisher	Oxford University Press
Quadrilateral Cowboy	publisher	Blendo Games
Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
The Genesis Machine	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Other Invisible Hand	publisher	Princeton University Press
Superconductor Science and Technology	publisher	IOP Publishing
Revista Universum	publisher	Instituto de Estudios Humanísticos Abate Juan Ignacio Molina University of Talca
Jackass Investing	publisher	Ignite LLC
Somebody Else's Prince	publisher	John Lane
The Thief	publisher	Putnam
Sociological Inquiry	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Alpha Kappa Delta
Social Science Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Southwestern Social Science Association
TESOL Journal	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages
TESOL Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of TESOL International Association
The Sociological Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Midwest Sociological Society
Thought: A Journal of Philosophy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the Northern Institute of Philosophy
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD	publisher	Nintendo
Rio Grande Review	publisher	The University of Texas at El Paso
Bullet Run	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
A ribbon of poems	publisher	J.L. Beijers , second edition L.J. Veen
The Tailor's Needle	publisher	Penguin Books, India
One-Punch Man	publisher	Self-publishing
One-Punch Man	publisher	Shueisha
Prodigy	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Emo Ray vs the Intergalactic Teddy Bears	publisher	Sony
The Pedlar's Pack	publisher	Macmillan & Co.
Sankhya	publisher	Indian Statistical Institute
Smash	publisher	Viking Press
Orchids, a collection of prose and poetry	publisher	A. Rössing
Mechanized Assault & Exploration 2	publisher	Interplay Productions
The Professor of Practical Jokes	publisher	John Lane
The Kite That Went to the Moon	publisher	John Lane
The Doll that Came Straight from Fairyland	publisher	John Lane
The Hand That First Held Mine	publisher	Headline Review
Schimmen van schoonheid	publisher	Van Holkema & Warendorf
Poems and Stories	publisher	George Allen & Unwin
Pokémon Rumble U	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Mass Effect 2: Lair of the Shadow Broker	publisher	Electronic Arts
Yomi	publisher	
CSR Racing	publisher	NaturalMotion
The Last Policeman	publisher	Quirk Books
World War II GI	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Final Fantasy All the Bravest	publisher	Square Enix
Dead Aim	publisher	Subterranean Press
Unasylva	publisher	Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
War Thunder	publisher	Gaijin Entertainment
Alex Cross, Run	publisher	Little, Brown
Mario Golf: World Tour	publisher	Nintendo
Mario & Luigi: Dream Team	publisher	Nintendo
140	publisher	Double Fine Productions
New Super Luigi U	publisher	Nintendo
Solacers	publisher	RedCornPoppy Books
The One and Only Ivan	publisher	HarperCollins
Rip It Up and Start Again	publisher	Faber & Faber
Resonance	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
Heat Wave	publisher	Hyperion Books
Deadly Heat	publisher	Hyperion Books
Mario and Donkey Kong: Minis on the Move	publisher	Nintendo
Palo Alto	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Last Eunuch of China	publisher	China Intercontinental Press
I Funny	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Age of Innocence	publisher	Aurum Press
Aleph	publisher	HarperCollins
Solar Fox	publisher	CBS Electronics
The Dark World	publisher	Ace Books
The Venetian Betrayal	publisher	Ballantine Books
Beiträge zur Kenntniss des Russischen Reiches und der angränzenden Länder Asiens	publisher	Russian Academy of Sciences
Footsteps of Fate	publisher	Elsevier, in England with Heinemann's International Library
Before the Dawn	publisher	Penguin Group
Radiant Identities	publisher	Aperture
How to Avoid Huge Ships	publisher	First edition: National Writers Press
How to Avoid Huge Ships	publisher	Second edition: Cornell Maritime Press /Tidewater
Rarotonga	publisher	Grupo Editorial Vid
The Extraordinary Life of The Last Emperor of China	publisher	People's Literature Publishing House
Hard Metal	publisher	Dnevnik
Journal of the History of Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Politics, Religion & Ideology	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Academic Questions	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Association of Scholars
Death in Summer	publisher	Viking Press
Contemporary Religious Satanism	publisher	Ashgate Publishing
Dead or Alive 5 Plus	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Freesouls	publisher	Freesouls.cc
Raimais	publisher	Taito Corporation
Ritam	publisher	Dnevnik
Rock	publisher	Politika a.d.
Hallelujah! The Welcome Table	publisher	Random House
Murdered: Soul Suspect	publisher	Square Enix
Gladiator: Street Fighter	publisher	Penguin Books
Gladiator: Street Fighter	publisher	Hyperion Books
Gladiator: Son of Spartacus	publisher	Penguin Books
Gladiator: Son of Spartacus	publisher	Hyperion Books
Heretic	publisher	HarperCollins
1356	publisher	HarperCollins
March of the Eagles	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Battle Master	publisher	Mirrorsoft
Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel	publisher	The Bodley Head
WWE 2K14	publisher	2
Infamous Second Son	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Killzone Shadow Fall	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Ballads of Petrica Kerempuh	publisher	S. Škerl
Knack	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Centurions	publisher	Ballantine Books
As Sure as the Dawn	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Just This Once	publisher	Carol Publishing Group
Communications in Numerical Analysis	publisher	International Scientific Publications and Consulting Services
Tokyo Yamimushi	publisher	Hakusensha
The Sword of Rhiannon	publisher	Ace Books
Heroina	publisher	Independent
Heroina	publisher	Glas Slavonije
Sparrow's Hotel	publisher	Takeshobo
Arms of Nemesis	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Catilina's Riddle	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Otoriyose Ōji Iida Yoshimi	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Boku no Natsuyasumi 4	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Mirror and the Light	publisher	HarperCollins
The Mirror and the Light	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
The Seven Wonders	publisher	Minotaur Books
The Triumph of Caesar	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science	publisher	Baker Book House
The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science	publisher	Read online:
The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science	publisher	*\
The Judgment of Caesar	publisher	St. Martin's Minotaur
Rubicon	publisher	St. Martin's Press
A Murder on the Appian Way	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Last Seen in Massilia	publisher	St. Martin's Press
A Mist of Prophecies	publisher	St. Martin's Minotaur
The House of the Vestals	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Venus Throw	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Bones of Avalon	publisher	Atlantic Books
The Next Big Thing	publisher	Crimson Cow GmbH, FX Interactive
White Fire	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
National Geographic Animal Jam	publisher	WildWorks
A Life Too Short	publisher	Random House UK
National Encyclopedia of Uzbekistan	publisher	National Encyclopedia of Uzbekistan State Scientific Publishing House
Dead Man's Land	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Moulin rouge	publisher	Rodionov Publishing House
The Identity Matrix	publisher	Timescape Books
Translation Changes Everything	publisher	Routledge
SpongeBob's Surf & Skate Roadtrip	publisher	THQ
The Gods of Guilt	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Ecology Law Quarterly	publisher	UC Berkeley School of Law
Fire: A Queer Film Classic	publisher	Orient Publishing
The Pity of It All	publisher	Allen Lane
Darwin: The Life of a Tormented Evolutionist	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Vreme zabave	publisher	Vreme
1001 Vrouwen uit de Nederlandse geschiedenis	publisher	Uitgeverij Vantilt
Gozen 3-ji no Muhōchitai	publisher	Shodensha
Non Non Biyori	publisher	Media Factory
Ecstasy: A Study of Happiness	publisher	L.J. Veen, in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company
Jimmie Johnson's Anything with an Engine	publisher	Autumn Games
Shinjuku Swan	publisher	Kodansha
Cosmic Cruiser	publisher	Imagine Software
I'll Give It My All... Tomorrow	publisher	Shogakukan
Cypher	publisher	Cabrera Brothers
Zip Zap	publisher	Imagine Software
Nights of the Pufflings	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Takanashi-san	publisher	Shogakukan
Trauma	publisher	Bloomsbury
Nanoscale	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Cipher	publisher	Hakusensha
The Gift: Imagination and the Erotic Life of Property	publisher	Random House
The Gift: Imagination and the Erotic Life of Property	publisher	Vintage Books
Counter-Strike Online 2	publisher	Valve Corporation
Boneland	publisher	Fourth Estate
Monsters, Inc.	publisher	THQ
Monsters, Inc.	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
My Life with Dalí	publisher	Pierre-Marcel Favre
Mornings on Horseback	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag	publisher	Ubisoft
The Art of Doing	publisher	Plume
Driveclub	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
El Tahrir	publisher	Ibrahim El Moellam
The Journal of Nuclear Medicine	publisher	Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging
The Syndic	publisher	Doubleday
Like a Mighty Army	publisher	Tor Books
Williswinde	publisher	L.J. Veen
Mystic Chronicles	publisher	Natsume
Orfina	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Wolf in Shadow	publisher	Century, Legend, Del Rey
Pastures of the Blue Crane	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Year of Spring	publisher	Postum
Starborne	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Hana Yori mo Hana no Gotoku	publisher	Hakusensha
Cyclops Shōjo Saipu	publisher	Shueisha
Day Break Illusion	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Day Break Illusion	publisher	Square Enix
Bad Boys	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
A Walk Along the Ganges	publisher	London : Century Hutchinson,
Heroes of the Storm	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Journal of Psychiatric Research	publisher	Elsevier
Dragon Seed	publisher	John Day Company
Untamed City	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of Harper Collins
Still Time	publisher	Aperture
Death Without Dignity	publisher	Texas Monthly Press
The Black Beetle	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Journal of Nuclear Medicine Technology	publisher	Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging
Kokoro Button	publisher	Shogakukan
Shadowgate	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Team Human	publisher	Harper Teen
Kick-Ass 3	publisher	Icon Comics
Scramble Spirits	publisher	Sega
Happy Marriage!%3F	publisher	Shogakukan
Sonic Dash	publisher	Sega
International Migration Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Center for Migration Studies of New York
Journal of Urban Affairs	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Urban Affairs Association
Adventures of Kotetsu	publisher	Wanimagazine
Guns	publisher	Philtrum Press
Turma do Chico Bento	publisher	Level Up! Games
Bend, Not Break	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
NOS4A2	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Summon Night 5	publisher	Bandai Namco
Summon Night 5	publisher	Gaijinworks
Father of the Bride	publisher	Simon and Schuster
Vedanta Philosophy: An address before the Graduate Philosophical Society	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The New New Rules	publisher	Blue Rider Press
AD&D Masterpiece Collection	publisher	SSI
Jungle no Ōja Tar-chan: Sekai Manyū Dai Kakutō no Maki	publisher	Bandai
Dance Dance Revolution Dance Wars	publisher	Konami
Stop Thief	publisher	Parker Brothers
Torment: Tides of Numenera	publisher	Techland Publishing
Ishi no Ketsumyaku	publisher	Hayakawa shobou
Yōseiden	publisher	Kōdansha
Kersploosh!	publisher	Nintendo
Kersploosh!	publisher	Poisoft
The Bane of Yoto	publisher	FiXT Music
Wernigerode Armorial	publisher	Unknown
Heroine Shikkaku	publisher	Shueisha
Still Counting the Dead	publisher	Portobello Books
The MMA Digest	publisher	Ashutosh Jha
The Tamil Genocide by Sri Lanka	publisher	Clarity Press
The Engines of God	publisher	Ace Books
Poseidon's Arrow	publisher	Putnam
IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Bloodfire Quest	publisher	Del Rey Books
Intrusion	publisher	Orbit Books
Pride of Nations	publisher	Paradox Interactive
The Fruit of Grisaia	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Fruit of Grisaia	publisher	Mag Garden
C K Meena	publisher	Dronequill Publishers, 2005
Astronautilia	publisher	Ivo Železný
Studia Leibnitiana	publisher	Franz Steiner Verlag on behalf of the Gottfried-Wilhelm-Leibniz-Gesellschaft
The Test of My Life	publisher	Random House India / Ebury Press
The Elephant of Surprise	publisher	Buddha Kitty Books
Lost Girls	publisher	Top Shelf Productions
Way Up High	publisher	D. M. Grant
Dark Kingdom	publisher	Telenet Japan
Seizure	publisher	Razorbill
Raising Steam	publisher	Doubleday
Words of Radiance	publisher	Tor Books
The Secret Life of Damian Spinelli	publisher	Hyperion Books
Marxism Today	publisher	Communist Party of Great Britain
A Shot at History	publisher	Harper Sport
Stay Hungry Stay Foolish	publisher	CIIE, IIM Ahmedabad
The Gurkha's Daughter	publisher	Quercus
The Business of Cricket	publisher	Harper Collins
Highstreetmail Ghana	publisher	Highstreetmail Media
Stance	publisher	Ball State University
David Mitchell: Back Story	publisher	HarperCollins
Fatalism and Development: Nepal's Struggle for Modernization	publisher	Orient Longman Limited
Fashion Theory	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Payday 2	publisher	505
The Seven Deadly Sins	publisher	Kodansha
Far-Fetched Facts	publisher	MIT Press
Spectrochimica Acta Part A: Molecular and Biomolecular Spectroscopy	publisher	Elsevier
Drakengard 3	publisher	Square Enix
A Sparrow Falls	publisher	Heinemann
Journal of Pineal Research	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Cloud Master	publisher	Taito Corporation
Misty Dawn: Portrait of a Muse	publisher	Aperture
Zombie Raid	publisher	American Sammy
A People's History of the United States	publisher	Harper & Row
A People's History of the United States	publisher	HarperCollins
Far from the Tree	publisher	Scribner, New York
Wake Forest Law Review	publisher	Wake Forest University School of Law
Guacamelee!	publisher	DrinkBox Studios
The Diamond Hunters	publisher	Heinemann
The Eye of the Tiger	publisher	Heinemann
Hungry as the Sea	publisher	Heinemann
Wild Justice	publisher	Heinemann
The Sunbird	publisher	Heinemann
The Burning Shore	publisher	Heinemann
A Falcon Flies	publisher	Heinemann
Men of Men	publisher	Heinemann
The Leopard Hunts in Darkness	publisher	Heinemann
The Angels Weep	publisher	Heinemann
Power of the Sword	publisher	Heinemann
Golden Fox	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Time to Die	publisher	Heinemann
A Time to Die	publisher	Random House
A Time to Die	publisher	Stoddart Publishing
Elephant Song	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Birds of Prey	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Rage	publisher	Heinemann
Rage	publisher	Little, Brown
Rage	publisher	Stoddart Publishing
Blue Horizon	publisher	Pan MacMillan
We Were Here	publisher	Random House Inc.
In the Mouth of the Whale	publisher	Gollancz
SpyParty	publisher	Indie gaming
Carbon Grey	publisher	Image Comics
Escape Goat	publisher	MagicalTimeBean
Kirke og Kultur	publisher	Universitetsforlaget
Saints Row IV	publisher	Deep Silver
Chrétien: The Will to Win	publisher	Lester Publishing
Iron Man: The Defiant Reign of Jean Chrétien	publisher	Penguin Group
Civilization V: Brave New World	publisher	2
Civilization V: Brave New World	publisher	Aspyr
Toxicological Sciences	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology
The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Person and the Challenges	publisher	Pontifical University of John Paul II
Tyrannosaurus Tex	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Lost Princess	publisher	Divis-Slovakia
Prize Fighter	publisher	Sega
The First Tycoon: The Epic Life of Cornelius Vanderbilt	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Family of Secrets	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Golden Time	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Strike the Blood	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Stella Women’s Academy, High School Division Class C³	publisher	Enterbrain
Stella Women’s Academy, High School Division Class C³	publisher	Kodansha
Stella Women’s Academy, High School Division Class C³	publisher	Kodansha
Arcana	publisher	Shueisha
Soil	publisher	Enterbrain
A Year of Prophesying	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Divekick	publisher	Iron Galaxy
The Gate Thief	publisher	Tor Books
The Magic	publisher	Atria Books
Subject Seven	publisher	Penguin Group
Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows	publisher	Conari
Biosensors and Bioelectronics	publisher	Elsevier
Work Diva	publisher	Oshun Books
Ute av verden	publisher	Tiden Norsk Forlag
Del-Del	publisher	Walker & Company
Invasion of the Prostate Snatchers	publisher	Other Press
The Seven Sins: The Tyrant Ascending	publisher	Tor Books
The Journal of African History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Transistor	publisher	Supergiant Games
Racing Aces	publisher	Sega
Red Jihad	publisher	Rupa & Co.
The Five Love Languages	publisher	Moody Publishers
Gods of Manhattan	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Return of a King	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Bhog and Other Stories	publisher	Pilli Books
Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience	publisher	Oxford University Press
Men Are Like Waffles — Women Are Like Spaghetti	publisher	Harvest House
Train Fever	publisher	Gambitious Digital Entertainment
Journal of Adolescent Health	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine
The Yeti	publisher	Campus Progress and Florida State University
When I was Puerto Rican	publisher	Vintage Books
On Heaven and Earth	publisher	Editorial Sudamericana
Open Access Journal of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants	publisher	Medicinal and Aromatic Plants Association of India
Wicked	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
The Golovlyov Family	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Workshop on Reachability Problems	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Workshop on Reachability Problems	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Guinea Pig Diaries	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ristar	publisher	Sega
Making Chastity Sexy	publisher	University of California Press
WRC: FIA World Rally Championship Arcade	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Sang-Froid: Tales of Werewolves	publisher	Artifice Studio
Anales del Jardín Botánico de Madrid	publisher	Real Jardín Botánico de Madrid
Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Flora Iberica	publisher	Real Jardín Botánico de Madrid
Code	publisher	Razorbill
Mighty Switch Force! 2	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Eco.mont	publisher	Austrian Academy of Sciences and Innsbruck University Press
Database System Concepts	publisher	McGraw-Hill
RaiderZ	publisher	Perfect World Entertainment
Saving Your Marriage Before It Starts	publisher	Zondervan
Nancy Drew: The Deadly Device	publisher	Her Interactive
Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship	publisher	Random House
Candy Crush Saga	publisher	King
Ketchup Clouds	publisher	Indigo division of Orion Publishing Group
BattleTech Collectible Card Game	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Noucome	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Noucome	publisher	Enterbrain
Tupac: A Thug Life	publisher	Plexus Publishing
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows	publisher	Activision
International Journal of Hindu Studies	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Colin McRae Rally	publisher	Codemasters
Colin McRae Rally	publisher	Codemasters/SCEA/Spike
Colin McRae Rally	publisher	THQ
Some Doves and Pythons	publisher	Harper & Row
Islands of Wakfu	publisher	Microsoft Studios
1808: The Flight of the Emperor	publisher	Planeta
Ultimate Otaku Teacher	publisher	Shogakukan
Red Sox Rule	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The Trojan Dog	publisher	Wakefield Press
Metro 2035	publisher	Издательская группа «АСТ»
DuckTales: Remastered	publisher	Capcom
DuckTales: Remastered	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Cornell Policy Review	publisher	Cornell Institute for Public Affairs
PORK	publisher	Goblinko
King Victor and King Charles	publisher	Edward Moxon
The Deemster	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Sheila Rae, the Brave	publisher	HarperCollins
Fantasista Doll	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Fantasista Doll	publisher	Media Factory
Fantasista Doll	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
RSC Advances	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Society and Mental Health	publisher	SAGE Publications for the American Sociological Association
The Eccentric Family	publisher	Gentosha
Populazzi	publisher	Harcourt Children's Books
Fiction Monthly	publisher	Commercial Press, Shanghai
The Goldfinch	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
An Appetite for Wonder	publisher	Ecco Press
Jōkyō Monogatari	publisher	Shogakukan
A Perfect Peace	publisher	Harcourt
Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes	publisher	Konami Digital Entertainment
Nelson Mandela: A Biography	publisher	Public Affairs Books
Poker Night 2	publisher	Telltale Games
The Universe in a Single Atom	publisher	Broadway Books
The Collected Works of Billy the Kid: Left-Handed Poems	publisher	Wingbow Press
The Battle of Jericho	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Shroud of the Avatar: Forsaken Virtues	publisher	Portalarium
Assetto Corsa	publisher	Kunos Simulazioni
Assetto Corsa	publisher	505
Pure Chess	publisher	Ripstone
Subway Surfers	publisher	Kiloo
Nimble Quest	publisher	NimbleBit
Total War: Arena	publisher	Sega
Infinite Crisis	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Significance of Monuments	publisher	Routledge
The Checklist Manifesto	publisher	Metropolitan Books
The Jungle	publisher	Putnam
The History of a Town	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Meshibana Deka Tachibana	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
One Piece: Pirate Warriors 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
The Land of Lost Content	publisher	The Pentland Press
Servant × Service	publisher	Square Enix
Hay Day	publisher	Supercell
Pedigree	publisher	Presses de la Cité
Chinese Physics B	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of the Chinese Physical Society
Shinrei Jusatsushi Taromaru	publisher	Time Warner Interactive
No-Rin	publisher	SB Creative
No-Rin	publisher	Square Enix
After the Plague	publisher	Viking Press
Final Fantasy Artniks	publisher	Square Enix
The Botticelli Secret	publisher	John Murray
The Botticelli Secret	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Mōryō no Yurikago	publisher	Square Enix
Ganbare Goemon Pachisuro 2	publisher	Konami
European Journal of Entomology	publisher	Czech Academy of Sciences
Heroes of the Realm	publisher	OGPlanet
Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Family & Consumer Sciences
Suicide and Life Threatening Behavior	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Suicidology
Growth and Change	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Little Witch Academia	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Educational Measurement	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for the National Council on Measurement in Education
Educational Measurement: Issues and Practice	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Measurement in Education
Mind, Brain, and Education	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Mind, Brain, and Education Society
De Kooning: An American Master	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
SD Gundam G Generation Overworld	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Dinosaur'us	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dinosaur'us	publisher	Light & Shadow Production
DayZ	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Food and Chemical Toxicology	publisher	Elsevier
Curator: The Museum Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the California Academy of Sciences
Might & Magic X: Legacy	publisher	Ubisoft
Psychology in the Schools	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Creative Behavior	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Creative Education Foundation
My Neighbor Seki	publisher	Media Factory
The Mammoth Book of Mindblowing SF	publisher	Running Press
Economic Modelling	publisher	Elsevier
The Room	publisher	Fireproof Studios
Beyond the Boundary	publisher	Kyoto Animation
Public Performance & Management Review	publisher	M. E. Sharpe
The Far Reaches	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Nordic Journal of Botany	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Society Oikos
Estudios filológicos	publisher	Southern University of Chile
Tajjaliyat e Nubuwat	publisher	
Avengers A.I.	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Woman Who Died a Lot	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Mare's Nest	publisher	Little, Brown
Secrets at Sea	publisher	Dial Press
Canadian Journal of Surgery	publisher	Canadian Medical Association
Superior Spider-Man Team-Up	publisher	Marvel Comics
Sucker's Portfolio	publisher	Amazon Publishing
Chaos Field	publisher	MileStone
Chaos Field	publisher	Sega
Chaos Field	publisher	O~3 Entertainment
Chaos Field	publisher	Able Corporation
Crumb Borne	publisher	Faber & Faber
Philosophia Christi	publisher	Evangelical Philosophical Society
True Story: A Novel	publisher	Random House
True Story: A Novel	publisher	Simon & Schuster
American Icon: Alan Mulally and the Fight to Save Ford Motor Company	publisher	Crown Business
The God Argument	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Real Racing 3	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Art of Thinking Clearly	publisher	Sceptre
The Art of Thinking Clearly	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Silent Voice	publisher	Kodansha
Automate This	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
Encyclopaedia of the Social Sciences	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
GT Racing: Motor Academy	publisher	Gameloft
The Lives of Things	publisher	Verso
God in the Age of Science%3F	publisher	Oxford University Press
Style Savvy: Trendsetters	publisher	Nintendo
Tetris	publisher	Electronic Arts
La France juive	publisher	Flammarion
The Myth of Persecution	publisher	HarperCollins
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon	publisher	Ubisoft
Anya's Ghost	publisher	First Second Books
Batman: Arkham Origins	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Contemporary Japan	publisher	Foreign Affairs Association of Japan
Jinx	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Differences	publisher	Duke University Press
The Human Division	publisher	Tor Books
George Washington's Socks	publisher	Scholastic
Anna and the French Kiss	publisher	Dutton Juvenile
A Season of Stones	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Tekken Comic	publisher	Shueisha
ICar	publisher	Future plc
Regulatory Toxicology and Pharmacology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Society of Toxicology & Pharmacology
Gangsta Granny	publisher	Harper Collins
Earth Afire	publisher	Tor Books
Churchill: The End of Glory	publisher	Hodder and Stroughton
The Oath: The Obama White House and the Supreme Court	publisher	Doubleday
WALL Literary Journal	publisher	Saddleback College
Boy Meets Girl	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
The Care and Handling of Roses with Thorns	publisher	Penguin Publishing
Bayesian Analysis	publisher	International Society for Bayesian Analysis, distributed by Project Euclid
Backstage Passes and Backstabbing Bastards	publisher	Billboard Books
Backstage Passes and Backstabbing Bastards	publisher	Hal Leonard Corporation
Charley Skedaddle	publisher	Troll Associates
Kicked Out	publisher	Homofactus Press
Men's Fitness	publisher	Dennis Publishing
Destiny's Journey	publisher	Josef Knecht
De puinhopen van acht jaar Paars	publisher	Karakter
Mariners Weather Log	publisher	National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Trial of Strength	publisher	Panther Games
Trusts & Trustees	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tatiana and Alexander	publisher	HarperCollins
Fire-Brigade: The Battle for Kiev - 1943	publisher	Panther Games
The Dehumanization of Art and Other Essays on Art, Culture, and Literature	publisher	Princeton University Press
Solo	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Emperor's New Drugs	publisher	The Bodley Head
The Arrival	publisher	Hodder Children's Books
Marvel Heroic Roleplaying	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions
Growing Up	publisher	Congdon & Weed
Computer Bild	publisher	Axel Springer
Neurosis and Human Growth	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company, Inc.
Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare	publisher	Electronic Arts
MediEvil	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
ThunderJaws	publisher	Domark
The Greeks	publisher	Penguin Books
Ritual and Domestic Life in Prehistoric Europe	publisher	Routledge
The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds	publisher	Nintendo
Dragon Fantasy	publisher	The Muteki Corporation
Pajama Sam: Life Is Rough When You Lose Your Stuff!	publisher	Atari
International Journal of Civil Engineering	publisher	Iran University of Science and Technology
Against the Current: Essays in the History of Ideas	publisher	Pimlico Books at Random House
Gingitsune	publisher	Shueisha
National Security and Nuclear Diplomacy	publisher	Center for Strategic Research
Hugo: The Evil Mirror	publisher	ITE Media
Hugo: The Evil Mirror	publisher	Namco
Letters from the Devil	publisher	Lulu
The Holy Temple	publisher	Bookcraft
Sacred Citadel	publisher	Deep Silver
Inside U.S.A.	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Iranian Journal of Fuzzy Systems	publisher	University of Sistan and Baluchestan
The Evil Within	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Journal of Architecture	publisher	Routledge for the Royal Institute of British Architects
Mario Party 10	publisher	Nintendo
The Diviners	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Virus	publisher	Hayakawa Publishing Corp. / Haikasoru
The Old-House Journal	publisher	Active Interest Media
The Old-House Journal	publisher	Home Buyer Publications
K-pop Dance Festival	publisher	Skonec Entertainment
European Symposium on Programming	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Surgeon Simulator 2013	publisher	Bossa Studios
The Assassins' Gate: America in Iraq	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Armored Core: Verdict Day	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Magic: The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
God Mode	publisher	Atlus
Manila	publisher	Zoch Verlag
Manila	publisher	Rio Grande Games
Tales of Xillia	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Extended Semantic Web Conference	publisher	Semantic Technology Institute International
The Big Jump	publisher	Ace Books
A Short History of Christianity	publisher	Penguin Group
Astronomy and Computing	publisher	Elsevier
Command Ops: Battles from the Bulge	publisher	Matrix Games
NHL 14	publisher	EA Sports
NCAA Football 14	publisher	EA Sports
The Pogostick	publisher	Fantagraphics
Dead Island 2	publisher	Deep Silver
A Radical Tory: Garfield Barwick's Reflections and Recollections	publisher	Federation Press
AION Linguistica	publisher	Università degli Studi di Napoli %22L'Orientale%22
Gran Turismo 6	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Assassination Classroom	publisher	Shueisha
Encyclopedia of the Consumer Movement	publisher	ABC-CLIO
The Stars in their Courses	publisher	Doubleday
Oniken	publisher	JoyMasher
Rugby Challenge 2	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
The Idolmaster Shiny Festa	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Gumnaam Vikramaditya	publisher	Aseem Publication, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh,
Hugo: Cannon Cruise	publisher	ITE Media
Hugo: Cannon Cruise	publisher	Kiloo
Digimon Adventure	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Numenera	publisher	Monte Cook Games
Marx the First	publisher	Constable & Co.
Sonata Mulattica	publisher	W. W. Norton
Hugo: Quest for the Sunstones	publisher	ITE Media
Metal Gear Solid: The Legacy Collection	publisher	Konami
WRC II Extreme	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
The Living Cosmos	publisher	Random House
Pokémon Black 2 and White 2	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Outbreak Company	publisher	Kodansha
Outbreak Company	publisher	Kodansha
Chronicles of the Going Home Club	publisher	Square Enix
Side Pocket 3	publisher	Data East
Super Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition	publisher	Capcom
Usotsuki Paradox	publisher	Hakusensha
The Round House	publisher	Harper
Plant Teacher	publisher	CreateSpace
Song of the Gargoyle	publisher	Delacorte Press
BombSquad	publisher	Eric Froemling
Who Fears Death	publisher	DAW/Penguin
Kohan II: Kings of War	publisher	Take Two Interactive
Kohan II: Kings of War	publisher	Global Star Software
Free!	publisher	Kyoto Animation
Virtua Athlete 2K	publisher	Sega
Wargame: AirLand Battle	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Jungle West 11	publisher	Tandem Books
Himalaya: Mountains of Life	publisher	AtreeAshoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment
Iron Man 3: The Official Game	publisher	Gameloft
Grooming, Gossip and the Evolution of Language	publisher	Harvard University Press
Asam Sahitya Sabha Patrika	publisher	Asam Sahitya Sabha
Idols to Die	publisher	Intercultural Publications
Yōkai Yashiki	publisher	Casio
Baseball as a Road to God	publisher	Gotham Books
Kiss Pinball	publisher	Global Star Software
Top of the Morning	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Chaos on Deponia	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Mario Party: Island Tour	publisher	Nintendo
Encyclopedia of Christianity	publisher	Oxford University Press
Perfect Chemistry	publisher	Walker Books for Young Readers
Receiver	publisher	Wolfire Games
Stealth Bastard	publisher	Curve Digital
The Dalek Generation	publisher	BBC Books
The Dalek Generation	publisher	BBC Audio
Save the Pearls: Revealing Eden	publisher	Sand Dollar Press Inc
Such A Pretty Girl	publisher	MTV Books
Call of Juarez: Gunslinger	publisher	Ubisoft
History and Theory	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Wesleyan University
Psychophysiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Psychophysiological Research
Business Ethics: A European Review	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Shakespeare and the Goddess of Complete Being	publisher	Faber Paperbacks
Call of Duty: Black Ops: Declassified	publisher	Activision
The Lottery	publisher	Orca Book Publishers
Sycamore Row	publisher	Doubleday
Justice League Heroes United	publisher	Konami
Porn Studies	publisher	Routledge
Bones Are Forever	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Ryan Adams & the Cardinals: A View of Other Windows	publisher	Abrams Books
Camelot Unchained	publisher	City State Entertainment
Dark Curse	publisher	Berkley Hardcover
Dark Guardian	publisher	Leisure Books
One Amazing Thing	publisher	Hyperion Books
One Amazing Thing	publisher	Penguin Books India
Dark Destiny	publisher	Leisure Books
Dark Celebration	publisher	Berkley Hardcover
Complete Convenient	publisher	Srishti Publishers, New Delhi
Journal of Historical Sociology	publisher	Wiley Blackwell
Journal of South American Earth Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Population Control: Real Costs, Illusory Benefits	publisher	Transaction Publishers
Marvel Cinematic Universe tie-in comics	publisher	Marvel Comics
Diamond Trust of London	publisher	IndiePub
Nanatsu no Hikan	publisher	Koei
Immediate Family	publisher	Aperture
At Twelve: Portraits of Young Women	publisher	Aperture
Remains of Elmet	publisher	HarperCollins
This Is How You Lose Her	publisher	Riverhead Books
Fashist	publisher	Anastasy Vonsyatsky
Syair Abdul Muluk	publisher	Tijdschrift voor Neerl. Indië
Philosophy Today	publisher	DePaul University
Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island	publisher	Ernest Benn Limited
Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island	publisher	Doubleday Doran
Sophie and the Rising Sun	publisher	Dutton
New Hampshire	publisher	Yankee Publishing, Inc.
The Autocracy of Mr. Parham	publisher	W. Heinemann
The Autocracy of Mr. Parham	publisher	Doubleday, Doran
The Soul of Baseball	publisher	HarperCollins
Sky Sports Football Quiz Season 02	publisher	THQ Inc.
Diario Oficial	publisher	National Printing Office of Colombia
Game Dev Tycoon	publisher	Greenheart Games
The Thompson Travel Agency	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Pacific Rim	publisher	Yuke's
Pacific Rim	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Journal of Humanistic Counseling	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association
Hard Landing	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Journal of Family Theory and Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations
Hellraid	publisher	Techland
Population and Development Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Population Council
How It Ends: From You to the Universe	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Captive Audience	publisher	Yale University Press
Tales of Xillia 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Darkfever	publisher	Delacorte Press
Bad Boy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Experimental Brain Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Land of Promise: An Economic History of the United States	publisher	HarperCollins, New York
German Lottery	publisher	CB editions
Wolfenstein: The New Order	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
How It Began	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Net Locality	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Pop-up maps	publisher	VanDam, Inc.
Wonder	publisher	RAJ KASERA
Total War: Shogun 2: Fall of the Samurai	publisher	Sega
Total War: Shogun 2: Fall of the Samurai	publisher	Feral Interactive
Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe	publisher	Stone Bridge Press
The Order of Odd-Fish	publisher	Delacorte Books for Young Readers
Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
MotoGP 13	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
MotoGP 13	publisher	Plug In Digital
The Gothic Earth Gazetteer	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Mad Riders	publisher	Ubisoft
Simple Choices	publisher	Park Point Publishing
Persona: A Biography of Yukio Mishima	publisher	Stone Bridge Press
Worms Crazy Golf	publisher	Team17
Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Strategische Unternehmensführung	publisher	Andechser Studienkreis
The Old Neighborhood: What We Lost in the Great Suburban Migration: 1966-1999	publisher	Free Press
Doritos Crash Course 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Gravity Guy	publisher	Miniclip
GunZ 2	publisher	MAIET Entertainment
No Exit	publisher	Pigeon Books
Kill la Kill	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Rock Art and the Prehistory of Atlantic Europe	publisher	Routledge
Sanctum 2	publisher	Coffee Stain Studios
Sanctum 2	publisher	Reverb Publishing
Sanctum 2	publisher	D3 Publisher
The Discipline of Market Leaders	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Girl Imagined by Chance	publisher	Fiction Collective Two
Tonguing the Zeitgeist	publisher	Fiction Collective Two
Plants vs. Zombies 2: It's About Time	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Heirs of Hammerfell	publisher	DAW Books
Studies in Family Planning	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Population Council
Geographical Analysis	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Ohio State University
'68	publisher	Image Comics
Haikyū!!	publisher	Shueisha
The Screaming Staircase	publisher	Random House
The Screaming Staircase	publisher	Hyperion Books
Phase transitions and critical phenomena	publisher	Academic Press
The Black Count: Glory, Revolution, Betrayal, and the Real Count of Monte Cristo	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Fight	publisher	Little, Brown
The Way It Came	publisher	William Heinemann
Textile History	publisher	Maney Publishing for the Pasold Research Fund
Pirates of Black Cove	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Not Yet: A Memoir of Living and Almost Dying	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Theology from the Womb of Asia	publisher	Orbis
Road Burners	publisher	Atari Games
The Drowning Girl	publisher	Roc Books
Journal of Interpretation Research	publisher	National Association for Interpretation
Host Master Deux: Quest for Identity	publisher	Double Fine Productions
DoDonPachi SaiDaiOuJou	publisher	Cave
Missions of Love	publisher	Kodansha
The Oasis	publisher	Random House
When the World Shook	publisher	Longmans, Green and Co.
A Simple Thinking About Blood Type	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
11th Hour	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Kanadan Sanomat	publisher	Vapaa Sana Press Ltd.
Basketball Pro Management	publisher	Umix Studios
Adventure Time: Explore the Dungeon Because I Don't Know!	publisher	D3 Publisher
Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Auto Club Revolution	publisher	Eutechnyx
Nancy Drew: Ghost of Thornton Hall	publisher	Her Interactive
Christian History	publisher	Christian History Institute
Christian History	publisher	Christianity Today International
NW	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, London
Invasion	publisher	Jove Books
Invasion	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Virtua Tennis Challenge	publisher	Sega
Renascence	publisher	Marquette University
Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games	publisher	Nintendo
International Journal of Geographical Information Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Architectures of Possibility	publisher	Raw Dog Screaming Press
The City of Mirrors	publisher	Ballantine Books
Crack Capitalism	publisher	Pluto Press
Crack Capitalism	publisher	BUAP
Magical Tree	publisher	Konami
Chimpui	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
The Sunday Guardian	publisher	India News
Super Boy Allan	publisher	Sunsoft
Journal of the Burma Research Society	publisher	Burma Research Society
Talking About Life	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Electrician	publisher	Synapse Software
Electrician	publisher	Kemco
Doremikko	publisher	Konami
Pepper II	publisher	Exidy
Hastur Lord	publisher	DAW Books
Applied Geography	publisher	Elsevier
Frontiers of Astrobiology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Work, Wealth and Happiness of Mankind	publisher	Doubleday
The Godfather Effect	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Samorost 3	publisher	Amanita Design
The Ambassador	publisher	HarperCollins
The Shadow Matrix	publisher	DAW Books
Cleopatra no Mahō	publisher	Square
Dead Trigger 2	publisher	Madfinger Games
Safe Haven	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Forza Motorsport 5	publisher	Microsoft Studios
NBA Live 14	publisher	Electronic Arts
Quantum Break	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Denjin Makai	publisher	Banpresto
Freedom Wars	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Alter Ego	publisher	Viva Media
A Batalha do Apocalipse	publisher	Verus
Guardians	publisher	Banpresto
Kaka Vidura	publisher	Shri Tulsi Peeth Seva Nyas, Chitrakoot
Luminous Arc 3	publisher	Marvelous Entertainment
Ashen Empires	publisher	Pixel Mine, Iron Will Games , Asylumsoft Inc. , TKO Games
Dream PetHouse	publisher	Zynga
American Sniper	publisher	William Morrow and Company, an imprint of HarperCollins
Memento Mori	publisher	Cinemax
Memento Mori	publisher	Dtp entertainment
Memento Mori	publisher	Lace Mamba Global
Memento Mori	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Memento Mori	publisher	Akella
Memento Mori	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Africultures	publisher	L'Harmattan
Mad Stalker: Full Metal Force	publisher	Family Soft
Mad Stalker: Full Metal Force	publisher	NEC Interchannel
The Silver Dream	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers
Paintings of Abanindranath Tagore	publisher	Pratikshan
Letter to My Daughter	publisher	Random House
Need for Speed Rivals	publisher	Electronic Arts
Traitor's Sun	publisher	DAW Books
The Last Day of Summer	publisher	Aperture
The Last Harvest: Paintings of Rabindranath Tagore	publisher	Mapin Publishing
Blackstar	publisher	FiXT Music
When Helping Hurts	publisher	Moody Publishers
Let Me Be a Woman	publisher	Tyndale House
The World of Books	publisher	John Sydenham Furnivall
The World of Books	publisher	Burma Education Extension Association
Ganda Lawka	publisher	Burma Education Extension Association
Khrushchev: The Man and His Era	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Belief or Nonbelief%3F	publisher	Arcade Publishing
Spirou	publisher	Infogrames Entertainment
Sky Jinks	publisher	Activision
Like a Virgin	publisher	Oneworld Publications
Hollywood Superstars	publisher	Epic Comics
Best SF: 1968	publisher	Sphere Books
Gallop & Ride	publisher	THQ
Rubber Chemistry and Technology	publisher	American Chemical Society Rubber Division
Dying Light	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Dreamwave Productions
Kaboom: The Suicide Bombing Game	publisher	Newgrounds
Cognition: An Erica Reed Thriller	publisher	Phoenix Online Studios, Reverb Publishing
Juliet	publisher	Ballantine Books
Acta geographica Slovenica	publisher	Anton Melik Geographical Institute
Love Stage!!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Zumba Fitness: World Party	publisher	Majesco Entertainment\nHamsterJP
Live by Night	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Beyond the Blue Event Horizon	publisher	Del Rey Books/Ballantine Books
Dots	publisher	Betaworks
Murder at Mt. Fuji	publisher	Ballantine Books
Ramachandran: A Retrospective	publisher	Vadehra Art Gallery
Arcane Power	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Divine Power	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Death and Memory in Early Medieval Britain	publisher	Cambridge University Press
No Man's Nightingale	publisher	Scribner
Arpeggio of Blue Steel	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Shashi Bhusana Charitam	publisher	Bilasini Dash
The Bulpington of Blup	publisher	Hutchinson
Clockwork Prince	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
Biochemical Predestination	publisher	McGraw Hill Text
Daemonica	publisher	Cinemax
Daemonica	publisher	Meridian4
Massive Chalice	publisher	Double Fine Productions
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth	publisher	Nicalis
Vandiyadevan Senai thalaivan	publisher	Kalki
Diana in Search of Herself	publisher	Times Books
Dark Invasion	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Alpha Blaster	publisher	LiveWire Software
Alpha Blaster	publisher	Aackosoft
Tour de France	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Diggs Nightcrawler	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
From TV Animation - One Piece: Set Sail Pirate Crew!	publisher	Bandai
Primal Carnage: Genesis	publisher	Lukewarm Media
Eight Fantasms and Magics	publisher	Macmillan Publishing
Parzatumar	publisher	Hakob Meghapart
My Master	publisher	The Baker and Taylor Company
Here and Now: Letters, 2008-2011	publisher	Viking Adult
My Story	publisher	Sterling Publishers
My Story	publisher	Harper Collins
Wrzesień żagwiący	publisher	Prószyński i S-ka
The Colorado Lawyer	publisher	Colorado Bar Association
Breaking India	publisher	Amaryllis, An imprint of Manjul Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.
Naalukettu	publisher	Current Books
Necromania: Trap of Darkness	publisher	Strategy First
The Wal-Mart Effect	publisher	Penguin Press
An American Journey: My Life on the Field, In the Air, and On the Air	publisher	Triumph Books
Amnesia Fortnight 2012	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Mass Effect 2: Overlord	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tomena Sanner	publisher	Konami
TransAtlantic	publisher	Random House
American Slavery, American Freedom	publisher	W W Norton & Co Inc
American Tag-Team Wrestling	publisher	Zeppelin Games
Ormayude Arakal	publisher	National Book Stall
Maranathinte Nizhalil	publisher	DC Books
Cheviyorkkuka! Anthimakahalam	publisher	DC Books
Halo: Spartan Assault	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Gunpoint	publisher	Suspicious Developments
Mike Oldfield: A Life Dedicated to Music	publisher	Brimstone Press
Skyship Academy: The Pearl Wars	publisher	Flux
Fantasia: Music Evolved	publisher	Disney Interactive
Forever Evil	publisher	DC Comics
The Best of Me	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Leukemia Research	publisher	Elsevier
First Human Giatrus	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
First Human Giatrus	publisher	Gakken
First Human Giatrus	publisher	Shogakukan
Bladedance of Elementalers	publisher	Media Factory
Apathy and Other Small Victories	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Boys in the Boat	publisher	Penguin Books
Arresting God in Kathmandu	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Deus Ex: The Fall	publisher	Square Enix
Angry Birds Friends	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Titanfall	publisher	Electronic Arts
Meditations in an Emergency	publisher	Grove Press
NBA 2K14	publisher	2
Mediocre But Arrogant	publisher	Harper Collins
City of Bohane	publisher	Vintage
The Making of the English Working Class	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
The Making of the English Working Class	publisher	Vintage Books
Moskovsky Korrespondent	publisher	Artem Artemov
Daylight	publisher	Atlus
WWE 2K15	publisher	2
Team Rodent	publisher	The Ballantine Publishing Group
Kaze no Yō ni	publisher	Kodansha
The Ape Man's Brother	publisher	Subterranean Press
Black Friday	publisher	Simon & Schuster , Warner Books
Guardians of the 'Hood	publisher	Atari Games
Nano Assault Neo	publisher	Shin'en Multimedia
Philippine Studies: Historical and Ethnographic Viewpoints	publisher	Ateneo de Manila University
Colette Baudoche	publisher	Juven
Ashes Cricket 2013	publisher	505
Takvim	publisher	Ahmet Çalık
Tekken Revolution	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Doomsday Machine	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Super Crate Box	publisher	Vlambeer
Super Crate Box	publisher	RGCD
The Bioscope Man	publisher	Penguin Books India
Union Jack	publisher	Ron & Jeff Choularton
The Eugenics Review	publisher	Galton Institute
The Victory Season	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Sacred Hill	publisher	Émile-Paul frères
The Quarry	publisher	Little, Brown
Nova 1	publisher	Delacorte Press
Manju	publisher	DC Books
Just Dance 2014	publisher	Ubisoft
Kinect Sports Rivals	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Max: The Curse of Brotherhood	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sunset Overdrive	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Below	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Project Spark	publisher	Microsoft Studios
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die	publisher	Xbox One
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die	publisher	Microsoft Studios
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die	publisher	Microsoft Windows
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die	publisher	Playism
Dead Rising 3	publisher	Microsoft
Dead Rising 3	publisher	Capcom
Halo 5: Guardians	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Killer Instinct	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Peggle 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
EA Sports UFC	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Prince of Venice Beach	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Tom Clancy's The Division	publisher	Ubisoft
Rocksmith 2014	publisher	Ubisoft
Trials Fusion	publisher	Ubisoft
The Crew	publisher	Ubisoft
Madden NFL 25	publisher	EA Sports
The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot	publisher	Ubisoft
Silicon Snake Oil	publisher	Doubleday
Rabbids Invasion	publisher	Ubisoft
Galak-Z: The Dimensional	publisher	17
The Last Battle	publisher	Da Capo Press
Fuck: Word Taboo and Protecting Our First Amendment Liberties	publisher	Sourcebooks
Freefall: America, Free Markets, and the Sinking of the World Economy	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Nothing Like a Dame	publisher	Granta
Super Time Force	publisher	Capybara Games
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – Hearthfire	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Language Atlas of China	publisher	Longman
Land Reform in Developing Countries	publisher	Routledge
Super Mario 3D World	publisher	Nintendo
Dancer	publisher	Weidenfeld
Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze	publisher	Nintendo
Wii Party U	publisher	Nintendo
Yoshi's New Island	publisher	Nintendo
Dungeons & Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara	publisher	Capcom
Shovel Knight	publisher	Yacht Club Games
Etrian Odyssey Untold: The Millennium Girl	publisher	Atlus
Strength of the Sword 3	publisher	Ivent Games
Mad Max	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Hohokum	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Art Academy: Lessons for Everyone!	publisher	Nintendo
From TV Animation - One Piece: Become the Pirate King!	publisher	Bandai
Dawngate	publisher	Electronic Arts
An Introduction to Animals and Political Theory	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Order: 1886	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Burnt Offering	publisher	Éditions Rieder
Ridiculous Fishing	publisher	Vlambeer
Destiny of Spirits	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Flashback	publisher	Ubisoft
Charlie Murder	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Xenoblade Chronicles X	publisher	Nintendo
World War Z	publisher	Paramount Digital Entertainment
Sakura Trick	publisher	Houbunsha
Dexter's Final Cut	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Combats littéraires	publisher	L'Age d’Homme, Lausanne
Naree	publisher	Agamee Prakashani
Naree	publisher	Dhaka
Combinatorial Chemistry & High Throughput Screening	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Battle of the Atom	publisher	Marvel Comics
Judge Dredd	publisher	IDW Publishing
Sie Po Giok	publisher	Hoa Siang In Giok
Alpha Centauri or Die!	publisher	Ace Books
Book of Potions	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Royal Ranger	publisher	Random House
Frame Gride	publisher	FromSoftware
Clinical Risk	publisher	SAGE Publications
The South of the Slot	publisher	Saturday Evening Post
Unexplained Fevers	publisher	New Binary Press
Stitches	publisher	W. W. Norton
Love Does	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The Killing of the Unicorn: Dorothy Stratten 1960-1980	publisher	William Morrow
Tjerita Si Tjonat	publisher	Tjoe Toei Yang
The Leftovers	publisher	St. Martin's Press
El Pueblo	publisher	Frente Obrero
Mercenary Kings	publisher	Tribute Games
Stories We Could Tell	publisher	HarperCollins
Take On Mars	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Avance	publisher	Communist Party of Nicaragua
What's the Future of Business%3F	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Superman Unchained	publisher	DC Comics
Warhammer 40,000: Eternal Crusade	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
WildStar	publisher	NCSOFT
The Hundred-Foot Journey	publisher	Scribner Publishing
The End of Business as Usual	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Doki-Doki Universe	publisher	HumaNature Studios
Chameleon	publisher	Take 2
Chameleon	publisher	Cenega Czech
Calculated Risk	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Calculated Risk	publisher	Corgi
Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach	publisher	CLÀR
The Stretch	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
English Country Tune	publisher	Increpare Games
The Whisper	publisher	Chicken House Ltd
Tracking the Chupacabra	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
Negiho	publisher	Kodansha
Saint Seiya: Saintia Shō	publisher	Akita Shoten
Black Dog	publisher	Harper Collins
Hollow City	publisher	Quirk Books
Beatmania IIDX 21: Spada	publisher	Konami
Engage!	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Tour de France 2013: 100 Edition	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
The Sea Will Claim Everything	publisher	Jonas Kyratzes
Elementary Principles in Statistical Mechanics	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
After Dinner	publisher	Currency Press
Aftershocks	publisher	Currency Press
And No More Shall We Part	publisher	Currency Press
Angela's Kitchen	publisher	Currency Press
MotoGP 3	publisher	Namco
The End Is Near and It's Going to Be Awesome	publisher	HarperCollins
Bless	publisher	Neowiz Games
Rocketbirds: Hardboiled Chicken	publisher	Ratloop
Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number	publisher	Devolver Digital
WarJetz	publisher	The 3DO Company
The Rough Guide to True Crime	publisher	Penguin Books
The Royal Trap	publisher	Hanako Games
Raven Black	publisher	Pan
The Long Short Cut	publisher	Harper & Row
The Ghosts of the Heaviside Layer, and Other Fantasms	publisher	Owlswick Press
Navaliya	publisher	Upali Newspapers
Mortal Kombat Arcade Kollection	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Journal of Narrative Theory	publisher	Eastern Michigan University
Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Z	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Dragon Ball Z: For Kinect	publisher	Bandai
Babyteeth	publisher	Currency Press
Barassi	publisher	Currency Press
Beautiful Words	publisher	Currency Press
Gaku Ou: The Royal Seven Stars	publisher	Media Factory
Soulacoaster: The Diary of Me	publisher	SmileyBooks  and
Takedown: Red Sabre	publisher	505
Oh Pray My Wings Are Gonna Fit Me Well	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Finder Love	publisher	Capcom
Shaker, Why Don't You Sing%3F	publisher	Random House
The Lives of Dutch painters and paintresses	publisher	Jacob Campo Weyerman
Zoo Tycoon	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Cultura	publisher	Peter Lang
Cultura	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Divinity: Dragon Commander	publisher	Larian Studios
Nobunagun	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
Pak Sar Jamin Sad Bad	publisher	Agamee Prakashani
Pak Sar Jamin Sad Bad	publisher	Dhaka
Empire of Bones	publisher	Random House
The X-Files Season 10	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Kill Order	publisher	Delacorte Press
Something Like an Autobiography	publisher	Vintage Books
Russian Roulette	publisher	The Penguin Group
Juan-y-Pherick’s Journey and Other Poems	publisher	Louis G. Meyer, Douglas, Isle of Man
Drakensang Online	publisher	Bigpoint
Drakensang Online	publisher	bitComposer Games
The Alton Gift	publisher	DAW Books
Exile's Song	publisher	DAW Books
Allegiant	publisher	Katherine Tegen Books
Propinquity	publisher	1986
Propinquity	publisher	2013
Science & Diplomacy	publisher	American Association for the Advancement of Science
Horrible Beginnings	publisher	DAW Books
Magical Beginnings	publisher	DAW Books
J19: The Journal of Nineteenth-Century Americanists	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish	publisher	Random House
The Condition of the Working Class in England	publisher	Otto Wigand, Leipzig
Saint	publisher	Servant Books
Noragami	publisher	Kodansha
Kansas History: A Journal of the Central Plains	publisher	Kansas Historical Foundation and the Department of History
Midway Arcade Origins	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Pirates of the Caribbean: Armada of the Damned	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Lady of the Forest	publisher	Zebra Books
RHAON	publisher	NOWCOM
RHAON	publisher	RHAON
RHAON	publisher	Funtown
RHAON	publisher	FunTown
RHAON	publisher	Shanda
RHAON	publisher	TOT
RHAON	publisher	gPotato
RHAON	publisher	nowcom
Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain
Journal for Early Modern Cultural Studies	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Targeted Killings: Law and Morality in an Asymmetrical World	publisher	Oxford University Press
Change Over Time	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Lady of the Glen	publisher	Kensington Books
British Journal of Politics and International Relations	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Political Studies Association
Bedlam	publisher	Orbit
Between Two Waves	publisher	Currency Press
Blabbermouth	publisher	Currency Press
Black Box 149	publisher	Currency Press
The Black Sequin Dress	publisher	Currency Press
The Opposing Shore	publisher	José Corti
Armikrog	publisher	Versus Evil
Head Smash	publisher	Arcana Studio
Head Smash	publisher	The Vladar Company
The Blind Giant is Dancing	publisher	Currency Press
Chocolates for Breakfast	publisher	Rinehart & Company
Bombshells	publisher	Currency Press
Boss of the Pool	publisher	Omnibus in association with Penguin
Boss of the Pool	publisher	Currency Press
The Making of Malaysia	publisher	I.B. Tauris
Hero of Many	publisher	Trickster Arts
Kokuga	publisher	G.rev
How to Be Black	publisher	HarperCollins
The Bougainville Photoplay Project	publisher	Currency Press
Despite the Falling Snow	publisher	Headline Book Publishing
Journal of Urban Health	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Harvest of Time	publisher	BBC Books
Smarakasilakal	publisher	DC Books
Contrast	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Trapped in the Saturday Matinee	publisher	PS Publishing
Transformers: Retribution	publisher	Del Rey Books
Annual Review of Virology	publisher	Annual Reviews
JLIS.it	publisher	University of Florence
Rewire: Digital Cosmopolitans in the Age of Connection	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Curfewed Night	publisher	Random House
Venom vs. Carnage	publisher	Marvel Comics
Season Ticket: A Baseball Companion	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Company
Brunei and Malaysia	publisher	I.B. Tauris
Everfound	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Questionaut	publisher	Amanita Design
Ara Nazhika Neram	publisher	Sahithya Pravarthaka Co-operative Society
Nyanyi Sunyi	publisher	Poedjangga Baroe
Van Richten's Guide to the Created	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Player's Guide to the Forgotten Realms Campaign	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Book of Villains	publisher	TSR, Inc.
First Quest	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Fighter's Player Pack	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Druid's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Will and the Way	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Rogues in Lankhmar	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Masque of the Red Death and Other Tales	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Red Steel	publisher	TSR, Inc.
City of Delights	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Karameikos: Kingdom of Adventure	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Thief's Player Pack	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Ruined Kingdoms	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Caravans	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Corsairs of the Great Sea	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Complete Book of Necromancers	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Ruins of Zhentil Keep	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Judaism Without Embellishment	publisher	National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Agnisakshi	publisher	Current Books
Arohanam	publisher	DC Books
Gurusagaram	publisher	DC Books
Spice Business Magazine	publisher	Enam Ali
Muhammad: His Life Based on the Earliest Sources	publisher	Islamic Texts Society
The Muslim 100	publisher	Kube Publishing
British Bangladeshi Who's Who	publisher	British Bangla Media Group
Muslim Power 100	publisher	The Power 100
The 500 Most Influential Muslims	publisher	Royal Islamic Strategic Studies Centre
Lovesong	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Autumn Laing	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
God's Mischief	publisher	Penguin Books
International Journal of Digital Multimedia Broadcasting	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Annals of The Royal College of Surgeons of England	publisher	The Royal College of Surgeons of England
The Awakening Land trilogy	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cities of Salt	publisher	Random House
An Imperative Duty	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Thottiyude Makan	publisher	DC Books
Kayar	publisher	DC Books
Pac-Man Museum	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Deep Six	publisher	Doubleday & Co, New York
Creating Greater Malaysia	publisher	Institute of Southeast Asian Studies
Gundam Build Fighters	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gundam Build Fighters	publisher	Hobby Japan
Gundam Build Fighters	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Kesavan's Lamentations	publisher	DC Books
Pravasam	publisher	DC Books
J-Stars Victory VS	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
HistoryMapped	publisher	VanDam
El Matador	publisher	Cenega Publishing
National Identities	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Barsa	publisher	DC Books
Canadian Journal of Law and Society	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Canadian Law & Society Association
Mumbai Confidential	publisher	Archaia Entertainment
The Ocean at the End of the Lane	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Cities of Bone	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Smoke	publisher	First published in The Russian Messenger
 Hill of Lost Souls	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Powerband	publisher	The Fourth Dimension
Chocks Away	publisher	The Fourth Dimension
The Lady of the Rivers	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Beginnings	publisher	Baen Books
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2012	publisher	Activision
Thunderhawk: Operation Phoenix	publisher	Eidos Interactive
Agnes	publisher	Arche Verlag
Niji-iro Prism Girl	publisher	Shogakukan
Puella Magi Madoka Magica: The Movie	publisher	Houbunsha
AFL Live 2	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Colloids and Surfaces A: Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects	publisher	Elsevier
Samurai Flamenco	publisher	Square Enix
Broforce	publisher	Devolver Digital
Global Society	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the University of Kent
Optical Engineering	publisher	SPIE
Holodomor: The Unknown Ukrainian Tragedy	publisher	CompaRes and Grácio Editor
GCaribbean	publisher	? ga=1.251705418.233597437.1458054019
Philosophy in 90 Minutes series	publisher	Ivan R. Dee
Colloids and Surfaces B: Biointerfaces	publisher	Elsevier
Black Garden	publisher	NYU Press
Captain Underpants and the Tyrannical Retaliation of the Turbo Toilet 2000	publisher	The Blue Sky Press
Captain Underpants and the Tyrannical Retaliation of the Turbo Toilet 2000	publisher	Scholastic
Basement Crawl	publisher	Bloober Team
Powerstar Golf	publisher	Microsoft Studios
H-Hour: World's Elite	publisher	SOF Studios
Journal of Electronic Imaging	publisher	SPIE and IS&T
Why Does the World Exist%3F	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Eat to Live	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Nation	publisher	Katrina vanden Heuvel
The Heythrop Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell for Heythrop College
Diplomatic History	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations
Acta Victoriana	publisher	Victoria University, Toronto
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA F 2nd	publisher	Sega
That's Not Funny, That's Sick	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Taranauts	publisher	Hachette India
Spartacus Legends	publisher	Ubisoft
Manorama Weekly	publisher	Malayala Manorama
The International Journal of Aviation Psychology	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Association of Aviation Psychology
Riddle Story of Devil	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Buck: A Memoir	publisher	Random House
Buck: A Memoir	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Bit.Trip Complete	publisher	Aksys Games
Bit.Trip Complete	publisher	Rising Star Games
Ratchet & Clank: Into the Nexus	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tiny Thief	publisher	Rovio Stars
Worms 3	publisher	Team17
The Demon under the Microscope	publisher	Harmony
The Hit	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Innocent	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Waste Makers	publisher	David McKay
American Review of International Arbitration	publisher	Juris Publishing
Flight Behavior	publisher	HarperCollins
The Safety Matches	publisher	Albin Michel
Don 2: The King is Back	publisher	Excel Entertainment
Makes Me Wanna Holler	publisher	Random House
What's Going On	publisher	Random House
Caspian Rain	publisher	Cage
Caspian Rain	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
SpongeBob Moves In!	publisher	Nickelodeon
Star Wars and History	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Rose Under Fire	publisher	Electric Monkey
Rose Under Fire	publisher	Hyperion Books
Again!	publisher	Kodansha
Socialist Weekly	publisher	Pakistan Socialist Party
The Cuckoo's Calling	publisher	Sphere Books
The Signal and the Noise	publisher	Penguin Group
Star Wars: Where Science Meets Imagination	publisher	National Geographic Society
One Piece: Unlimited World Red	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
M&M's Break' Em	publisher	Destination Software, Inc.
Summer of ’98	publisher	Contemporary Books
Ways That Are Dark	publisher	Putnam
The Compound	publisher	Feiwel & Friends
The Sibley Guide to Bird Life & Behavior	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Anna Kournikova's Smash Court Tennis	publisher	Namco
F1 2013	publisher	Codemasters
F1 2013	publisher	Feral Interactive \nNamco Bandai
Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair	publisher	Enterbrain
Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair	publisher	Mag Garden
Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair	publisher	GA Bunko
Fuan no Tane	publisher	Akita Shoten
Dominion	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Disputatio	publisher	Philosophy Centre of the University of Lisbon
Heist	publisher	Sold Out Software
Almas de vagar	publisher	independent
La vereda del destino	publisher	Aguilar
La vereda del destino	publisher	Santillana
Devil Survivor 2: The Animation	publisher	Square Enix
Devil Survivor 2: The Animation	publisher	Kodansha Box
Lo no dicho	publisher	Aguilar
Aún soltera	publisher	Eloísa Cartonera, Mansalva
Even Though I Don't Miss You	publisher	Long Drive Books
Biotechnology Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Sipag Pinoy	publisher	Department of Labor and Employment
Flyy Girl	publisher	Mars Productions
Flyy Girl	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Islam at the Crossroads	publisher	Arafat Publications
The Road to Mecca	publisher	Simon and Schuster
The Transhumanist Wager	publisher	Self-published
Star Wars: The Old Republic: Annihilation	publisher	Del Rey Books
Clinical Practice in Pediatric Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
Comprehensive Physiology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the American Physiological Society
Black Mirror II: Reigning Evil	publisher	Viva Media
EHS Today	publisher	Penton Media
Boy Girl Wall	publisher	Currency Press
Ace Combat Infinity	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media  on behalf of the National Science Council of Taiwan
Couple and Family Psychology	publisher	American Psychological Association
The Principles of State and Government in Islam	publisher	University of California Press
Mad About Physics	publisher	John Wiley and Sons
Age of Wonders III	publisher	Triumph Studios
Priest's Spell Compendium	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Dungeons & Dragons Adventure Game	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Guide to Hell	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Drizzt Do'Urden's Guide to the Underdark	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Champions of the Mists	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Bastion of Faith	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Wizards Presents: Races and Classes	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Moonlight on the Avenue of Faith	publisher	Washington Square Press
Sunday's Silence	publisher	Washington Square Press
El Manual de los Niños Cool	publisher	Bubok
The Butcher of Amritsar	publisher	Continuum International Publishing Group
Project Zero 2: Wii Edition	publisher	Nintendo
Wraith: Welcome to Christmasland	publisher	IDW Publishing
Cry of the Peacock	publisher	Washington Square Press
South Florida Gay News	publisher	Norm Kent
Todo comenzó en Curanilahue	publisher	Aguilar, El Mercurio
Escape from Davao	publisher	Penguin Books
The Darling	publisher	HarperCollins
The Massive	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Lego Movie Videogame	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Lego Movie Videogame	publisher	Feral Interactive
Traverse: Starlight & Prairie	publisher	Banpresto
I Am Pilgrim	publisher	Bantam Press
Traveling in Sin	publisher	We Said Go Travel
Hysteria Project 2	publisher	BulkyPix
Hysteria Project 2	publisher	Sanuk Games
Mattakallappu Manmiyam	publisher	Batticaloa District Cultural Board
Five Star Billionaire	publisher	Fourth Estate
Systems and Synthetic Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Kills	publisher	Picador
I Shall Not Be Moved	publisher	Random House
Rift Hunter	publisher	Kingnet Technology
Rift Hunter	publisher	Koramgame
The Nucle Saga I	publisher	Virtual Reality
The Nucle Saga I	publisher	Phoenix Publications
The Oxford Companion to Beer	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Lightning of August	publisher	Casa de las Américas
The Midnight Zoo	publisher	Walker & Company
Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side: 3rd Story	publisher	Konami
Modern Masterpieces of Science Fiction	publisher	World Publishing Co.
Liberation Maiden	publisher	Level-5
Naruto Shippuden: Legends: Akatsuki Rising	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
Masterpieces of Science Fiction	publisher	World Publishing Co.
Super Heroine Chronicle	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Bleeding Shadows	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Complete Collected Poems of Maya Angelou	publisher	Random House
SpongeBob SquarePants: Plankton's Robotic Revenge	publisher	Activision
Through the Looking Glass	publisher	Apple Inc.
The Longest Ride	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Nayuta no Kiseki	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Marx's Revenge	publisher	Verso Books
Yeni Aktüel	publisher	Turkuvaz Media Group
How to Start a Business in Taiwan	publisher	Enspyre
Union Seminary Quarterly Review	publisher	Union Theological Seminary
Arkansas Catholic	publisher	Anthony Taylor
R.I.P.D. The Game	publisher	Atlus
Dreams of Gods and Monsters	publisher	Little, Brown, and Company
Journal of Affective Disorders	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Society for Affective Disorders
Her Benny	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co.
Strider	publisher	Capcom
Mo Said She Was Quirky	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Etymologicon	publisher	Icon Books
Publications of the Astronomical Society of Australia	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Astronomical Society of Australia
Lord Marksman and Vanadis	publisher	Media Factory
No Game No Life	publisher	Media Factory
No Game No Life	publisher	Media Factory
A War of Shadows	publisher	T.V. Boardman and Co. Ltd, Bene Factum Publishing, Paul Dry Publishing
Magical Warfare	publisher	Media Factory
Arafat: A Monthly Critique of Muslim Thought	publisher	Muhammad Asad
The Comforts of Madness	publisher	Constable & Co.
Time Reborn	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Dying, In Other Words	publisher	Harvester Press
The Idolmaster Dearly Stars	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
In the Presence of Mine Enemies: 1965–1973 – A Prisoner of War	publisher	Baker Publishing
Tales in Time	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
The Invention of the Jewish People	publisher	Resling
The Invention of the Jewish People	publisher	Verso Books
Bad Monkey	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
MaddAddam	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
MaddAddam	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Production of Hindu-Muslim Violence in Contemporary India	publisher	University of Washington Press
Safecracker	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Don Bradman Cricket 14	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth	publisher	Random House
Castle of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Sega
Castle of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Castle of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	publisher	Feral Interactive
Docherty	publisher	Allen & Unwin
World Series of Poker: Full House Pro	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Red or Dead	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Thicket	publisher	Mulholland Books
BIT Numerical Mathematics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Medicine	publisher	Medicine Publishing
Tales in Space	publisher	White Wolf Publishing
The Bane Chronicles	publisher	Simon & Schuster
First Citizen	publisher	Baen; First Edition
The Sea is Full of Stars	publisher	Del Rey Books
Ghost of the Well of Souls	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Time Keeper	publisher	Hyperion
Angry Birds Star Wars II	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Enemies at Home	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Adoption & Fostering	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the British Association for Adoption and Fostering
Space Hulk	publisher	Full Control
Gog	publisher	Firenze Vallecchi
Acta Ophthalmologica	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Collective Unconscience of Odd Bodkins	publisher	Glide
The Edge of Tomorrow	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Cudahy
Deep Down	publisher	Capcom
Adultspan Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association
Alien: Resurrection	publisher	Fox Interactive
Beauty, Disrupted	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Addictions & Offender Counseling	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association
Journal of Employment Counseling	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association
Glorious Mission	publisher	Giant Interactive Group
Journal of College Counseling	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association
The Animal in You	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Flipnote Studio 3D	publisher	Nintendo
The Children of Dynmouth	publisher	Bodley Head
The Persian Sphinx	publisher	Mage Publishers
The Persian Sphinx	publisher	IB Tauris
The Persian Sphinx	publisher	Atiy-e Press
Pupa	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
The Papers of Tony Veitch	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Strange Loyalties	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Shades of Grey: Glasgow 1956-86	publisher	Mainstream Publishing
London Opinion	publisher	Sir Arthur Pearson, 1st Baronet
London Opinion	publisher	George Newnes
Protect Me Knight	publisher	Ancient
Worms Collection	publisher	Maximum Games
Breath of Fire 6	publisher	Capcom
Aleriel, or A Voyage to Other Worlds	publisher	Wyman and Sons
House of Steel: The Honorverse Companion	publisher	Baen Books
The Sims 3: Into the Future	publisher	Electronic Arts
Oeroeg	publisher	Vereeniging ter Bevordering van de Belangen des Boekhandels
Mass Effect 2: Kasumi - Stolen Memory	publisher	Electronic Arts
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe	publisher	DC Comics
Social Studies	publisher	Random House
Metropolitan Life	publisher	E.P. Dutton
Lingvisticae Investigationes	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
House of Secrets	publisher	Balzer + Bray
Psychologica Belgica	publisher	Ubiquity Press on behalf of the Belgian Association for Psychological Sciences
Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Explorers of the Body	publisher	Doubleday
Rule Britannia	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Visible Ops Handbook	publisher	IT Revolution Press
When Vikings Attack!	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tesagure! Bukatsu-mono	publisher	Takeshobo
War of the Vikings	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Dillon's Rolling Western: The Last Ranger	publisher	Nintendo
The Third Industrial Revolution	publisher	Palgrave MacMillan
The Homo Handbook	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Nuclear Science and Techniques	publisher	Science Press
Journal of Geographical Systems	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Australian Journal of Earth Sciences	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Geological Society of Australia
Mylo Xyloto	publisher	Bongo Comics
Harmony: A New Way of Looking at Our World	publisher	Harper
Throne of the Crescent Moon	publisher	DAW Books
Digest of Middle East Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
Asian Politics & Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
Latin American Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
Policy & Internet	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
Poverty & Public Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
Risk, Hazards & Crisis in Public Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
World Medical & Health Policy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization
Murder, She Wrote	publisher	Focus Multimedia
Angel Station	publisher	Tor Books
A Return to Modesty	publisher	Touchstone
CounterSpy	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Good Girl Revolution	publisher	Random House
NBA Fastbreak '98	publisher	Midway Games
Kashmir: The Case for Freedom	publisher	Verso Books
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Hard Luck	publisher	Abrams Books
Hebrew Union College Annual	publisher	Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion
PlayStation All-Stars Island	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Americanah	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Luck or Grace: The Intersect	publisher	Fortune II Marketing, Inc.
ARMA Tactics	publisher	Bohemia Interactive
Strife	publisher	S2 Games
The Pilot's Love Song	publisher	Shogakukan
The Pilot's Love Song	publisher	Shogakukan
Annals of the Association of American Geographers	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Association of American Geographers
Outlast	publisher	Red Barrels
Worms Clan Wars	publisher	Team17
Medabots	publisher	Imagineer
Akaki Chi no Eleven	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Turkish Journal of Biology	publisher	TÜBİTAK
7 Days to Die	publisher	The Fun Pimps
7 Days to Die	publisher	Telltale Publishing
ARQ	publisher	Pontifical Catholic University of Chile
Shounen Ninja Sasuke	publisher	Sunsoft
Vaccine: The Controversial Story of Medicine's Greatest Lifesaver	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Space Dandy	publisher	Square Enix
Angry Birds Go!	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
The 34th Rule	publisher	Pocket Books
The Philadelphia Independent	publisher	Mattathias Schwartz
A Vision of Britain: A Personal View of Architecture	publisher	Doubleday
Reasonable Faith	publisher	
Cherry Tree High Comedy Club	publisher	Capcom
The English Girl	publisher	Harper
Volume	publisher	Mike Bithell Games
Never Go Back	publisher	Bantam Press
Never Go Back	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Great Pheromone Myth	publisher	The Johns Hopkins University Press
Flight: A Quantum Fiction Novel	publisher	Meridian House
Salvation of a Saint	publisher	Bungeishunjū
Salvation of a Saint	publisher	Minotaur Books
Kagerou Project	publisher	Enterbrain
Kagerou Project	publisher	Media Factory
Age of Empires II: The Forgotten	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Hammerwatch	publisher	Crackshell
The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers	publisher	Michael Wiese Productions
Yoban Sādo	publisher	Shogakukan
Neppu Kairiku Bushi Road	publisher	Bushiroad
Fides et Historia	publisher	The Conference on Faith and History
Evangelical Dictionary of Theology	publisher	Baker Academic
The Secret of Dr. Honigberger	publisher	Socec
Madman's Island	publisher	Cornstalk Publishing
Madman's Island	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Lasseter's Last Ride	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Flynn of the Inland	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Desert Column	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Gold Dust and Ashes	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Drums of Mer	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Cattle King	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Sri Ram Snehi Bhaskar Magazine	publisher	Ram Niwas Dham Trust, Shahpura, Bhilwara, Rajasthan, India
Bach	publisher	Riemenschneider Bach Institute
Bach	publisher	Baldwin Wallace University
Representation	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the McDougall Trust
Football Manager 2014	publisher	Sega
Eliot Indian Bible	publisher	Samuel Green
The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food	publisher	Food Industry Publishing House
The Navigator	publisher	Tor Books
The Navigator	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Visible Ops Security	publisher	IT Process Institute, Inc.
Robot Wars: Metal Mayhem	publisher	BBC Multimedia
Detroit Rock City	publisher	Da Capo Press
The Showdown Effect	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America	publisher	Seismological Society of America
Earth-Science Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
Athyra	publisher	Ace Books
Fable Legends	publisher	Microsoft Studios
N++	publisher	Metanet Software
Resogun	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Murasaki Baby	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Helldivers	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Story of the Isle of Man	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin
Aura Kingdom	publisher	Aeria Games
Diablo III: Reaper of Souls	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Selling Sickness	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Selling Sickness	publisher	Nation Books
Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches	publisher	Kodansha
We Are All Legends	publisher	The Donning Company
The Treatment Trap	publisher	Ivan R. Dee, an imprint of Rowman & Littlefield
Journal of Solid State Chemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Kissing Shakespeare	publisher	Delacorte Books
London	publisher	Treefrog Games
London	publisher	Mayfair Games
The Black Path	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
The Black Path	publisher	Bantam Dell
Clinical Psychological Science	publisher	Sage Publications
Overtreated	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Speed Traders	publisher	McGraw-Hill Inc.
Stones for the Rampart	publisher	Polish underground press
Tjerita Oeij Se	publisher	Sie Dhian Hoaij
Lost Echoes	publisher	Subterranean Press
Lost Echoes	publisher	Black Lizard
Tokyo Vice	publisher	Random House
Tokyo Vice	publisher	Pantheon Books
East of West	publisher	Image Comics
Journal of Transport Geography	publisher	Elsevier
Luxor Evolved	publisher	MumboJumbo
Chill Manor	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Dirt Dragons	publisher	Stampede Entertainment
Film International	publisher	Intellect Ltd.
The Orchard of Lost Souls	publisher	Simon & Schuster
O Cruzeiro	publisher	Diários Associados
The Datestones of Ryn	publisher	Epyx
Prisoners of Hope	publisher	WaterBrook Press
Tropico 5	publisher	Kalypso Media
Goal Storm	publisher	Konami
FBP: Federal Bureau of Physics	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Just Dance Kids 2014	publisher	Ubisoft
Alicante Innovation and Territory	publisher	Alicante Provincial Council, CAM
Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences	publisher	MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media
Asphalt 8: Airborne	publisher	Gameloft
Trillium	publisher	Vertigo Comics
Knock-Out	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Bulldog Drummond at Bay	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Experimental Biology and Medicine	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine
Der Internist	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Return of Bulldog Drummond	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Temple Tower	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Female of the Species	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Final Count	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Metal Knight	publisher	Object Software Limited
Metal Knight	publisher	T-time Technology
The Third Round	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
The Black Gang	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Challenge	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Annals of Clinical Biochemistry	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of The Association for Clinical Biochemistry and Laboratory Medicine
Overdosed America	publisher	Harper Perennial
Sekenre: The Book of the Sorcerer	publisher	Wildside Press
All I Need Trilogy	publisher	Carrigan Publishing & Productions
Swipe	publisher	Thomas Nelson
In the Courts of the Conqueror	publisher	Fulcrum Publishing
12th of Never	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Play	publisher	Popular Science Press
J-League Jikkyou Winning Eleven	publisher	Konami
Wildwood Imperium	publisher	Balzer + Bray
Echoes of the Goddess	publisher	Wildside Press
The Pathologies	publisher	Andreevskiy Flag
Escape from New York	publisher	TSR, Inc.
White Girl Bleed a Lot	publisher	WorldNetDaily
Disorder 6	publisher	5
Gesta	publisher	University of Chicago Press
Pain	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Pain
The Neil Gaiman Reader	publisher	Wildside Press
Chinese Paladin 3 Gaiden: Wen Qing Pian	publisher	Softstar
Motocross Mania 3	publisher	Global Star Software
Motocross Mania 3	publisher	2K Games
Combustion and Flame	publisher	Elsevier
Eleanor & Park	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Combustion, Explosion, and Shock Waves	publisher	MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media
King Arthur's Gold	publisher	Transhuman Design
The God Child	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
The Post-Birthday World	publisher	HarperCollins
European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Confessions of a Sociopath	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Confessions of a Sociopath	publisher	New York City
The Emperor of the Ancient Word and Other Fantastic Stories	publisher	Borgo Press
The Emperor of the Ancient Word and Other Fantastic Stories	publisher	Wildside Press
Mighty No. 9	publisher	Deep Silver
Winds of Sinhala	publisher	Grafton
Bicycle Days	publisher	Summit Books
Bicycle Days	publisher	Heinemann
Jihai	publisher	Enterbrain
Command Authority	publisher	Putnam Adult
Ten de Shōwaru Cupid	publisher	Shueisha
The New America: The New World	publisher	Cresset Press
The Playroom	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Castle of Magic	publisher	Gameloft
Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Theoretical Population Biology	publisher	Elsevier
The Room on the Roof	publisher	Coward-McCann
The Room on the Roof	publisher	Penguin Books
Sabagebu!	publisher	Kodansha
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Knife-Throwing Scene	publisher	Katherine Tegen Books
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Knife-Throwing Scene	publisher	HarperCollins
Russian Journal of Physical Chemistry B	publisher	MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media
Philotheos: International Journal for Philosophy and Theology	publisher	Faculty of Orthodox Theology, University of Belgrade
Terra Formars	publisher	Shueisha
Cell Calcium	publisher	Elsevier
Purinergic Signalling	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Oxford Journal of Archaeology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Annual Review of Physical Chemistry	publisher	Annual Reviews, Inc.
Australian Journal of Education	publisher	SAGE Publications
Si-cology 1	publisher	Howard Books
Russian Journal of Physical Chemistry A	publisher	MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media
Bulletin of Materials Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences
International Journal of Mormon Studies	publisher	European Mormon Studies Association
GI Brides	publisher	HarperCollins
Hozuki's Coolheadedness	publisher	Kodansha
Xsyon	publisher	Notorious Games
Brynhildr in the Darkness	publisher	Shueisha
Hakuba no Ōji-sama	publisher	Shogakukan
Super Seisyun Brothers	publisher	G-Mode
Bartaman Bharat	publisher	Udbodhan
Pharmacology, Biochemistry and Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Chaika - The Coffin Princess	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Chaika - The Coffin Princess	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Future of Oil: A Straight Story of the Canadian Oil Sands	publisher	
Journal of Chemical Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Phantasy Star Nova	publisher	Sega
Samurai Warriors 4	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Deception IV: Blood Ties	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Kantai Collection	publisher	DMM.com
Kantai Collection	publisher	Kadokawa Games
Kantai Collection	publisher	Sega
Tom O'Bedlam's Night Out and Other Strange Excursions	publisher	W. Paul Ganley
The Return of Philip Latinowicz	publisher	MK SDM
KickBeat	publisher	Zen Studios
KickBeat	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Messrs. Glembay	publisher	DHK
The Second World War	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
My Love Story!!	publisher	Shueisha
Kobayashi ga Kawai Sugite Tsurai!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Your Lie in April	publisher	Kodansha
Welcome to the Ballroom	publisher	Kodansha
Lady of Sherwood	publisher	Kensington Books
DJMax Technika Q	publisher	Neowiz Internet
Journal of Earth System Science	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Proceedings - Mathematical Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Necropolis	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Infinity Blade III	publisher	Epic Games
Valiant Hearts: The Great War	publisher	Ubisoft
Child of Light	publisher	Ubisoft
You Can't Read this Book	publisher	Fourth Estate
Living in the End Times	publisher	Verso Books
Hour of the Wolf	publisher	*
Hour of the Wolf	publisher	Alma Littera
Hour of the Wolf	publisher	Self-publishing
Nemesis 3: The Eve of Destruction	publisher	Konami
The Young Lion	publisher	HarperCollins
Transients and Other Disquieting Stories	publisher	W. Paul Ganley
Standing in Another Man's Grave	publisher	Orion
Final Fantasy Agito	publisher	Square Enix
Refugees from an Imaginary Country	publisher	W. Paul Ganley
Refugees from an Imaginary Country	publisher	Owlswick Press
Journal of Chemical Ecology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
European Neuropsychopharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Nightscapes: Tales of the Ominous and Magical	publisher	Wildside Press
Invizimals: The Lost Kingdom	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
Oreshika: Tainted Bloodlines	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Monster Retsuden Oreca Battle	publisher	Shogakukan
Shadow Warrior	publisher	Devolver Digital
Biologia	publisher	Biological Society of Pakistan
Brynhild	publisher	Methuen Publishing
Brynhild	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Law of Life	publisher	McClure's Magazine
Hōzuki-san Chi no Aneki	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gilles	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Fangirl	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Flotsam	publisher	Little, Brown
Flotsam	publisher	Hutchinson
The Village	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Cultural Anthropology	publisher	The American Anthropological Association on behalf of the Society for Cultural Anthropology
The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical	publisher	Cosmos Books/Wildside Press
Icebreaker: A Viking Voyage	publisher	Rovio Stars
Necromancies and Netherworlds: Uncanny Stories	publisher	Borgo Press
Necromancies and Netherworlds: Uncanny Stories	publisher	Wildside Press
 The Judgment of the Gods and Other Verdicts of History	publisher	Borgo Press
 The Judgment of the Gods and Other Verdicts of History	publisher	Wildside Press
Broom & Groom	publisher	Wisdom Village Publications
ACM Transactions on Information Systems	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
The Man Who Knew Coolidge	publisher	Harcourt
Link: The Faces of Evil and Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon	publisher	Philips
Living with the Dead	publisher	PS Publishing
Wii Sports Club	publisher	Nintendo
Lindbergh	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Engaged to the Unidentified	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Circle	publisher	McSweeney's
Barakamon	publisher	Square Enix
Barakamon	publisher	Square Enix
The Croquet Player	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Croquet Player	publisher	Viking Press
Economic and Labour Relations Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage	publisher	Viking Press
Monster Hunter: Frontier G	publisher	Capcom
The Easy Way to Stop Smoking	publisher	Arcturus Publishing Limited
The Long War	publisher	Harper
The Flamethrowers	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Of Time and Space and Other Things	publisher	Doubleday
From Earth to Heaven	publisher	Doubleday
Science, Numbers, and I	publisher	Doubleday
Of Matters Great and Small	publisher	Doubleday
The Planet That Wasn't	publisher	Doubleday
Puchimas! Petit Idolmaster	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Super Sonico	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
Super Sonico	publisher	Mag Garden
Super Sonico	publisher	Enterbrain
Demon Love Spell	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Economic Geography	publisher	Oxford University Press
All-Flash	publisher	DC Comics
The Road to Infinity	publisher	Doubleday
U and I: A True Story	publisher	Random House
Cognitive Computation	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Snail and the Whale	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Did Jesus Exist%3F	publisher	HarperOne
Forum Italicum	publisher	SAGE Publications
Puyo Puyo Tetris	publisher	Sega
International Journal of Paediatric Dentistry	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Association of Paediatric Dentistry and British Society of Paediatric Dentistry
Wilson	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
The Third Kingdom	publisher	Tor Books
Yakyū-kyō no Uta	publisher	Kodansha
The Shoes of the Fisherman	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Mississippi Bubble	publisher	Bowen-Merrill Company
Hormones and Cancer	publisher	Springer-Verlag on behalf of The Endocrine Society
Miss Monochrome	publisher	Kodansha
Novum Testamentum	publisher	Brill Publishers
Jack the Giantkiller	publisher	Cinematronics
Final Exam	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Dark Night In Toyland	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Masters of the World	publisher	Eversim
This Is How You Die	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Bomberman GB	publisher	Hudson Soft
The Star	publisher	Radio Africa Group
Buah Rindu	publisher	Poedjangga Baroe
SCMS Journal of Indian Management	publisher	School of Communication and Management Studies
Farming Simulator	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Jupiter's Legacy	publisher	Image Comics
Tjhit Liap Seng	publisher	Lie Kim Hok
To Be or Not to Be	publisher	Breadpig
Jotwell	publisher	University of Miami School of Law
The Disaster Artist	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gaist Crusher	publisher	Shueisha
Listed: Dispatches from America's Endangered Species Act	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Independent Review	publisher	The Independent Institute
Crossings	publisher	Trinity College, Dublin
Dracula 5: The Blood Legacy	publisher	Microïds
Port Stephens Examiner	publisher	Fairfax Media
Enemy Front	publisher	CI Games
Archives of Toxicology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Psychology of Men and Masculinity	publisher	American Psychological Association
Ulkopolitiikka	publisher	The Finnish Institute of International Affairs
Journal of Communication Management	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Hamatora	publisher	Shueisha
Panzar	publisher	Panzar Studio
On the Steel Breeze	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Kumppani	publisher	KEPA
Magrunner: Dark Pulse	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Latter-day Saint Biographical Encyclopedia	publisher	Andrew Jenson History Company; Deseret News Press
Cuba Libre	publisher	Delacorte Press
De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes	publisher	Isingrin
De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes	publisher	Basel
The Adriatic Review	publisher	Vatra, the Pan-Albanian Federation of America
Plume	publisher	University of Washington Press
Peaceful War	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
Raise the Bar	publisher	Amazon Publishing
Raise the Bar	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Adab wa Naqd	publisher	Progressive National Unionist Party
Pocket Trains	publisher	NimbleBit
Success Sutras for the 21st Century	publisher	Wisdom Village Publications
The Natural Farmer	publisher	Northeast Organic Farming Association
Wolf Girl and Black Prince	publisher	Shueisha
International Journal of Computer Vision	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Never Trust a Liberal Over 3—Especially a Republican	publisher	Regnery Publishing
Sin	publisher	Vargius
Fallout 4	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
How to Survive	publisher	505
0-D Beat Drop	publisher	Aksys Games
0-D Beat Drop	publisher	Arc System Works
Star Wars: Tiny Death Star	publisher	LucasArts
Lost Lansdale Series	publisher	Subterranean Press
Black Bullet	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Irregular at Magic High School	publisher	Shōsetsuka ni Narō
The Irregular at Magic High School	publisher	ASCII Media Works
All Aboard for Ararat	publisher	Secker and Warburg
All Aboard for Ararat	publisher	Alliance Book Corporation
+Tic Elder Sister	publisher	Square Enix
The Pretender: Rebirth	publisher	Telemachus Press
Brain, Behavior, and Immunity	publisher	Elsevier
Worst. Person. Ever.	publisher	Random House of Canada
Trabajo	publisher	Communist Party of Costa Rica
Mike's Election Guide 2008	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Willobie His Avisa	publisher	John Windet
The Blood of Olympus	publisher	Disney-Hyperion Books
Dreams of Other Worlds	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Gate of Worlds	publisher	Holt, Rinehart & Winston
Format	publisher	News
American Journal of Ancient History	publisher	Gorgias Press
Thunder Cross II	publisher	Konami
Zumba Kids	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad	publisher	1
Georgia Today	publisher	Georgia Today Group
Personal Nightmare	publisher	Horror Soft
Wonder Woman	publisher	DC Comics
Zeitschrift für deutsches Altertum und deutsche Literatur	publisher	S. Hirzel Verlag
Notícias do Dia	publisher	Grupo RIC
Light of Other Days	publisher	Condé Nast Publications
Health Policy and Technology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Fellowship of Postgraduate Medicine
Black Desert Online	publisher	Kakao Games
Nancy Drew: The Silent Spy	publisher	Her Interactive
DuckTales: Scrooge's Loot	publisher	Disney Mobile
One Summer: America, 1927	publisher	Doubleday
Give Sorrow Words	publisher	Grove Press
Salam	publisher	Mohammad Mousavi Khoeiniha
The Empire Strikes Out	publisher	The New Press
Timeline of science fiction	publisher	H3Ewald
Timeline of science fiction	publisher	Heinemann, Stone & Kimball
The Tragedy of Liberation	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
Robert E. Howard's Savage Sword	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Holy Terror	publisher	Michael Joseph
The Holy Terror	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Amazing Spider-Man 2	publisher	Activision
NeuroToxicology	publisher	Elsevier
Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix	publisher	Square Enix
Inhuman	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Orenda	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Shattered	publisher	Puffin Canada
Lraber Hasarakakan Gitutyunneri	publisher	Armenian National Academy of Sciences
The Fall of Five	publisher	HarperCollins
The Fall of Five	publisher	Penguin Books
Wordament	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Mech Mice	publisher	Hyper Hippo Games
Hayat-e-No	publisher	Hadi Khamenei
Spacebase DF-9	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Trend	publisher	Verlagsgruppe NEWS
Clinical Therapeutics	publisher	Elsevier
Deeply Odd	publisher	Bantam Books
Encountering Life in the Universe	publisher	University of Arizona Press
Batman '66	publisher	DC Comics
European Journal of Internal Medicine	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the European Federation for Internal Medicine
Eureka Street	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Eureka Street	publisher	Arcade Publishing
Vikalpahin nahin hai duniya	publisher	Rajkamal Prakashan,Delhi
The Skies Belong to Us	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
October the First Is Too Late	publisher	William Heinemann
Neural Plasticity	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Neurobiology of Disease	publisher	Elsevier
Galactic Civilizations III	publisher	Stardock
Neurotoxicology and Teratology	publisher	Elsevier
Obduction	publisher	Cyan Worlds
Lightning Fighters	publisher	Konami
Flak Attack	publisher	Konami
The Bite in the Apple	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Fret Nice	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Ten	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Statistica	publisher	University of Bologna
The Girls: Sappho Goes to Hollywood	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Canadian Aeronautics and Space Journal	publisher	NRC Research Press
The Painted Verse	publisher	Bibliophile South asia
Local Environment	publisher	Routledge
Luluzinha Teen e sua Turma	publisher	Ediouro
World Conquest Zvezda Plot	publisher	Ichijinsha
World Conquest Zvezda Plot	publisher	Ichijinsha
China Policy Review	publisher	Development Research Center of the State Council
Xuan Dou Zhi Wang	publisher	Tencent
City	publisher	Routledge
Doklady Physics	publisher	MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media
My Life in Crime	publisher	Spear Books
Magudala de Nemure	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Magudala de Nemure	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Woman, Culture, and Society	publisher	Stanford University Press
Autobiography	publisher	Penguin Books , G. P. Putnam's Sons
Anton Goremyka	publisher	Sovremennik
Invizimals: The Alliance	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Some Spirits Heal, Others Only Dance	publisher	Berg Publishers
The Last Cannoli	publisher	Legas
Girl with the Most Cake	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Sunny Garcia Surfing	publisher	Ubisoft
Sengoku Basara 4	publisher	Capcom
Maria the Virgin Witch	publisher	Kodansha
Land Rover Owner	publisher	Bauer Consumer Media
Classic & Sports Car	publisher	Haymarket Media Group
Kamen Teacher	publisher	Shueisha
Kamen Teacher	publisher	Shueisha
Jimmy and the Crawler	publisher	HarperVoyager
Midnight Star	publisher	Industrial Toys
Just Dance: Summer Party	publisher	Ubisoft
Ten Birds	publisher	Kids Can Press Ltd.
Alex Ferguson: My Autobiography	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Crazy Man	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Last Letters from Hav	publisher	Random House
Creepy Carrots!	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
Adam and Eve and Pinch-Me	publisher	Lester Publishing Limited
The Tiny Kite of Eddie Wing	publisher	Stoddart Publishing
The Reluctant Journal of Henry K. Larsen	publisher	Tundra Books
Johnny Kellock Died Today	publisher	HarperCollins
Bubba Ho-Tep	publisher	Night Shade Books
Ancient Thunder	publisher	Groundwood Books
Progress in Neurobiology	publisher	Elsevier
Liminal States	publisher	Citadel Press
A Friend of the Family	publisher	Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill
The House of Discarded Dreams	publisher	Prime Books
Sleep Medicine Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
Yuck, A Love Story	publisher	Marie-Louise Gay
Imagine A Day	publisher	New York: Atheneum Books for Young Readers
11 Birthdays	publisher	Scholastic Press
Lego Minifigures Online	publisher	Funcom
True Confessions of a Heartless Girl	publisher	Groundwood Books/Douglas & McIntyre
Pick-Up Sticks	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
The Shepherd's Granddaughter	publisher	Groundwood Books
An Island in the Soup	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
An Island in the Soup	publisher	Groundwood Books
Blackout	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Archives of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Jane Cable	publisher	Dodd, Mead and Company
Beam Breakers	publisher	JoWooD Entertainment
Pincher Creek Echo	publisher	Roxanne Mackintosh
Choices of One	publisher	Del Rey Books
David and Goliath	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
HappinessCharge PreCure!	publisher	Kodansha
Frontiers in Neuroendocrinology	publisher	Elsevier
Machine Vision and Applications	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
PhiloSOPHIA	publisher	State University of New York Press
Space Engineers	publisher	Keen Software House
Theory & Society	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Sky Burger	publisher	NimbleBit
Bogle	publisher	Akita Shoten
Looking for X	publisher	Groundwood Books
Journal of Greco-Roman Christianity and Judaism	publisher	McMaster Divinity College
D-Frag!	publisher	Media Factory
Scoops — Ice Cream Fun for Everyone	publisher	NimbleBit
Brain Structure and Function	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology	publisher	Wadsworth Pub Co
Discovering Psychology	publisher	Worth Publishers
British Politics	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Super Genjin 2	publisher	Hudson Soft
Fighter Within	publisher	Ubisoft
Rozen Maiden	publisher	Gentosha
Rozen Maiden	publisher	Shueisha
Practice to Deceive	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Psychiatry & Neuroscience	publisher	Canadian Medical Association
Spirit of the Hills	publisher	Fontana Books
Mookajjiya Kanasugalu	publisher	S.B.S Publishers Distributors
Neurotherapeutics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics
Australian Archaeology	publisher	Australian Archaeological Association
The Artefact	publisher	Archaeological and Anthropological Society of Victoria
AIS Transactions on Human-Computer Interaction	publisher	Association for Information Systems
The Archivist	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Half Bad	publisher	Puffin Books
Half Bad	publisher	Viking Press
Translational Psychiatry	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Dilbilim Araştırmaları	publisher	Boğaziçi University
Spectrochimica Acta Part B: Atomic Spectroscopy	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Conchology	publisher	The Conchological Society of Great Britain and Ireland
Archiv für Molluskenkunde	publisher	Senckenberg Gesellschaft für Naturforschung
Happy City	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Happy City	publisher	Random House
Happy City	publisher	Penguin Books
Our Final Invention	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Gurazeni	publisher	Kodansha
Mashiro no Oto	publisher	Kodansha
The Caxtons	publisher	William Blackwood and Sons
Research in Autism Spectrum Disorders	publisher	Elsevier
Spixiana	publisher	Verlag Dr. Friedrich Pfeil on behalf of the Bavarian State Collection of Zoology
Molecular Neurobiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Shitsuren Chocolatier	publisher	Shogakukan
Starpoint Gemini 2	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Current Opinion in Neurology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Written in My Own Heart's Blood	publisher	Delacorte Press
Lord John series	publisher	Headline Publishing
Lord John series	publisher	Delacorte Press
Lord John series	publisher	Del Rey Books
Lord John series	publisher	Delacorte Press
Lord John series	publisher	Tor Books
Lord John series	publisher	Ace Books
Call of Duty: Strike Team	publisher	Activision
King of Tokyo	publisher	IELLO
Hot Corn	publisher	DeWitt and Davenport
At Night We Walk in Circles	publisher	Riverhead Books
Optometry and Vision Science	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Hipertext.net	publisher	Pompeu Fabra University
Clinical Journal of Oncology Nursing	publisher	Oncology Nursing Society
Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology	publisher	Mac Keith Press
Glock: The Rise of America's Gun	publisher	Broadway Books
Double Down: Game Change 2012	publisher	Penguin Press
Life-Size	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Life-Size	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Foul Play	publisher	Devolver Digital
Medicine	publisher	Wolters Kluwer
Juice Cubes	publisher	Rovio Stars
Parasite	publisher	Orbit Books
Sleep	publisher	Associated Professional Sleep Societies
Applied Artificial Intelligence	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Count No Man Happy: A Byzantine Fantasy	publisher	Apuleius Books
All-New X-Factor	publisher	Marvel Comics
Burst Ball Barrage!! Super B-Daman	publisher	Shogakukan
Asterix and the Magic Carpet	publisher	Coktel Vision
The Nighthawk Star	publisher	Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo , Kodansha International, Northern Book Centre
Glia	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Joan and Peter	publisher	Cassell
Journal of Indian Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health	publisher	Indian Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health
Classica et Mediaevalia	publisher	Museum Tusculanum Press
UN investigation of chemical weapons use in Ghouta	publisher	United Nations
Sex Criminals	publisher	Image Comics
Thirteen Albatrosses	publisher	The Toby Press
Biological Trace Element Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
This is Paradise!	publisher	Little, Brown/Abacus
Folia Primatologica	publisher	Karger Publishers
MLB 14: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Holidays in Hell	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
XCOM: Enemy Within	publisher	2
XCOM: Enemy Within	publisher	Feral Interactive
The Lost Father	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Saint Seiya: Brave Soldiers	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Age of Extremes	publisher	Penguin Group
The Age of Extremes	publisher	Vintage Books
The Patron Saint of Liars	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The Adventures of Grover in Outer Space	publisher	Random House
Journal of Translational Medicine	publisher	BioMed Central
Move UP	publisher	Allen Lane
Ar Nosurge	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Viva	publisher	VNU
Viva	publisher	Sanoma
Salinger	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Basic and Applied Physics	publisher	World Academic Publishing
Private: Number 1 Suspect	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Planet Ring	publisher	Sega
The Incredulity of Father Brown	publisher	Penguin Books
The Incandescent Ones	publisher	Harper & Row
Aging Cell	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Anatomical Society
World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Bayonetta: Bloody Fate	publisher	Kodansha
American Midland Naturalist	publisher	University of Notre Dame
Steroids	publisher	Elsevier
Turkic Languages	publisher	Harrassowitz Verlag
Body Count	publisher	Kensington Books
Toxicology in Vitro	publisher	Elsevier
Creature Academy	publisher	Red 5 Comics
Journal of Neuroinflammation	publisher	BioMed Central
ProStroke Golf: World Tour 2007	publisher	Oxygen Interactive Software
Embers of War	publisher	Random House
Bipolar Disorders	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society for Bipolar Disorders
Nutritional Neuroscience	publisher	Taylor & Francis Publishing
The 34-Ton Bat	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Earth Awakens	publisher	Tor Books
FF med Bert	publisher	Semic Press
FF med Bert	publisher	Egmont Serieförlaget
Nintendomagasinet	publisher	Atlantic förlag
Outside the Dog Museum	publisher	1992
Quest for Saddam	publisher	Petrilla Entertainment
Journal of Medical Virology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Gunfighter	publisher	EC Comics
Battle Magic	publisher	Scholastic
The People of Forever Are Not Afraid	publisher	Hogarth Press
Mexican Law Review	publisher	National Autonomous University of Mexico
Finnlands Lebensraum	publisher	Alfred Metzner Verlag
Finnlands Lebensraum	publisher	Berlin
Antonina: A Byzantine Slut	publisher	Apuleius Books
Pathophysiology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Society for Pathophysiology
The Fletcher Forum of World Affairs	publisher	The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
Title Bout Championship Boxing	publisher	P.I.S.D. Ltd
Cataract City	publisher	Doubleday
Clinical Ethics	publisher	Sage Publications
Hand Therapy	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the British Association of Hand Therapists and the European Federation of Societies for Hand Therapy
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Hot Road	publisher	Shueisha
Sniper Elite III	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Sniper Elite III	publisher	505
GURPS Espionage	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Theory and History	publisher	Yale University Press
Theory and History	publisher	Ludwig von Mises Institute
Journal of Neuroimmunology	publisher	Elsevier
Metaphilosophy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Timur and His Squad	publisher	Detskaya Literatura
Timur and His Squad	publisher	Moscow
Health Services Management Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
Animal Rights Without Liberation	publisher	Columbia University Press
International Journal of STD & AIDS	publisher	Sage Publications
GURPS Aliens	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Rogues	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Tortall and Other Lands	publisher	Bluefire
Theoretical and Applied Climatology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Papéis Avulsos de Zoologia	publisher	Museum of Zoology of the University of São Paulo
And Every Day Was Overcast	publisher	Black Balloon Publishing
No entren al 1408	publisher	La Biblioteca de Babel
Let the Old Dreams Die	publisher	Quercus Publishing
Until Thy Wrath Be Past	publisher	Bonnier Group
Until Thy Wrath Be Past	publisher	SilverOak
The Second Deadly Sin	publisher	Bonnier Group
The Second Deadly Sin	publisher	MacLehose Press
Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Operation Trojan Horse	publisher	Putnam
Is the Order a Rabbit%3F	publisher	Hōbunsha
Oneechan ga Kita	publisher	Takeshobo
Arctic, Antarctic, and Alpine Research	publisher	Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research
General and Comparative Endocrinology	publisher	Elsevier
Kirby: Triple Deluxe	publisher	Nintendo
BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea	publisher	2
Peachtree Road	publisher	Harper & Row
The Origins of the Second World War	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Mera Pind	publisher	Sahit Prakashan, Chandigarh
Three Filipino Women	publisher	Random House
Three Filipino Women	publisher	The Cellar Bookshop
Scandinavian Journal of Surgery	publisher	SAGE Publications
Jinsei	publisher	Shogakukan
New York Daily News	publisher	Benjamin Wood
On the Road	publisher	Self-published
Shadow World	publisher	darkskiespress.com
The Struggle for Mastery in Europe 1848–1918	publisher	Clarendon Press
GURPS Super Scum	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Kellory the Warlock	publisher	Doubleday
Blood of Tyrants	publisher	Voyager Books
Sítio do Picapau Amarelo	publisher	Tectoy
An Officer and a Spy	publisher	Hutchinson
Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Dangerous Women	publisher	Tor Books
The Course of German History	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Bismarck: The Man and the Statesman	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Girl of Fire and Thorns	publisher	Green Willow Books
Pupipō!	publisher	Flex Comix
One Week Friends	publisher	Square Enix
The Pagan Lord	publisher	HarperCollins
Obesity Reviews	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Obesity
All Over Creation	publisher	Penguin Group
A Tale for the Time Being	publisher	Viking
History of Education Quarterly	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell Publishing, on behalf of the History of Education Society
The Bird: The Life and Legacy of Mark Fidrych	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books a division of St. Martin's Press
Yoon Ha Lee	publisher	Prime Books
Chinese Shadows	publisher	Viking Press
Clinical and Experimental Immunology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Immunology
Love Finds You in Sugarcreek, Ohio	publisher	Summerside Press
Journal of Molecular Endocrinology	publisher	Bioscientifica on behalf of the Society for Endocrinology
A Town Where You Live	publisher	Kodansha
FIFA World	publisher	EA Sports
The Hidden Connections	publisher	Doubleday
The Echo Chamber	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
War from the Ground Up	publisher	Oxford University Press
Five Billion Years of Solitude	publisher	Current, a member of Penguin Group
Make Him Look Good	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
To Write Like a Woman	publisher	Indiana University Press
My Life with a Criminal: Milly's Story	publisher	Spear Books
Acta Physica Sinica	publisher	Chinese Physical Society
Heresies: A Feminist Publication on Art and Politics	publisher	Heresies Collective
Winter Journal	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Report from the Interior	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Digestive Diseases and Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Our Man in Iraq	publisher	Black Balloon Publishing
Circuit Breakers	publisher	Mindscape, Inc.
Supersonic Racers	publisher	Mindscape, Inc.
Touba and the Meaning of Night	publisher	Intishārāt-i Ispark
Uridium 2	publisher	Renegade Software
Granblue Fantasy	publisher	Mobage
A Marvelous Work and a Wonder	publisher	Deseret Book
Mani: Travels in the Southern Peloponnese	publisher	John Murray
The Guts	publisher	Jonathan Cape
May We Be Forgiven	publisher	Viking
The Touch of Evil	publisher	Brown, Watson
Mentats of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
Xbox Fitness	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Strange+	publisher	Ichijinsha
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Kaijū Monogatari	publisher	Namco
Five Ghosts	publisher	Image Comics
Apocalypse World	publisher	Lumpley Games
Powered by the Apocalypse	publisher	Lumpley Games and others
The Kawai Complex Guide to Manors and Hostel Behavior	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Certain Personal Matters	publisher	Lawrence & Bullen
Collision Course	publisher	Oxford University Press , Penguin Books, Barn Owl Books, Back to Front, CB Creative Books
The Lord of the Rings Online: Helm's Deep	publisher	Turbine, Inc.
Demography	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Population Association of America
Notre Dame Philosophical Reviews	publisher	University of Notre Dame
Future Card Buddyfight	publisher	Shogakukan
Iris Zero	publisher	Media Factory
Trekker	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Trekker	publisher	Image Comics
How Civilizations Die	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Reason I Jump	publisher	Random House
The Kiln	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Dex	publisher	Badland Indie
Ken: The Ups and Downs of Ken Livingstone	publisher	Arcadia Books
Molecular Autism	publisher	BioMed Central
50 Signs of Mental Illness	publisher	Yale University Press
Cahiers de Linguistique Asie Orientale	publisher	Brill Publishers
Buddy Complex	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Kingdom Hearts χ	publisher	Square Enix
Atomic Ninjas	publisher	Grip Games
Monthly Comic Zenon	publisher	North Stars Pictures
Monthly Comic Zenon	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Word Realms	publisher	Asymmetric Publications
Black Star Nairobi	publisher	Melville Crime International
International Trends	publisher	Academic Educational Forum on International Relations
Recharge	publisher	NHST Media Group
Mario Andretti's Racing Challenge	publisher	Electronic Arts
Les Deux Étendards	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Angélique and the King	publisher	Trévise & Colbert
Haven't You Heard%3F I'm Sakamoto	publisher	Enterbrain
Journal of Economics & Management Strategy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Infinity	publisher	Corvus Belli
Economics of Governance	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea	publisher	Dial
The North Queensland Guardian	publisher	Queensland State Committee, Communist Party of Australia
Moxyland	publisher	Angry Robot
GURPS Fantasy Bestiary	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Steve Jackson's Man to Man	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Illuminati	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Dexter	publisher	Marvel Comics
Into the Abyss	publisher	Random House
The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears	publisher	Penguin Group
The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears	publisher	Random House
Samurai Jack	publisher	IDW Publishing
GURPS Swashbucklers	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Wild Cards	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Horror	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Power Drive	publisher	Bally Midway
S.	publisher	Mulholland Books
GURPS Conan	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Cliffhangers	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Orcslayer	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
GURPS Japan	publisher	Steve Jackson Games
Aswaq Magazine	publisher	Media Hub Connection
Topographia Germaniae	publisher	Matthäus Merian
Bravely Second: End Layer	publisher	Square Enix
Dream Chamber	publisher	Microids
The Princess and the Queen	publisher	Tor Books
The Comic Artist and His Assistants	publisher	Square Enix
The Comics We Loved	publisher	\
High Score Girl	publisher	Square Enix
Kyō wa Kaisha Yasumimasu.	publisher	Shueisha
Cortex Plus	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions
Frankenstein's Monster	publisher	Data Age
UQ Holder!	publisher	Kodansha
Kami-sama no Iu Toori	publisher	Kodansha
The Walking Dead: The Fall of the Governor	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books, a division of St. Martin's Press
The 5th Wave	publisher	Penguin Group
The Translator's Invisibility	publisher	Routledge
Skulduggery Pleasant: The End of the World	publisher	HarperCollins
Battleborn	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirtieth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Soulcalibur: Lost Swords	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
All-New Invaders	publisher	Marvel Comics
Children of the Jacaranda Tree	publisher	Atria/Simon&Schuster
The Culture of Connectivity	publisher	Oxford University Press
Archives of Oral Biology	publisher	Elsevier
Pearson-Marr Archetype Indicator	publisher	Center for Applications of Psychological Type
No Man's Sky	publisher	Hello Games
Tales from the Borderlands	publisher	Telltale Games
Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego%3F 3 - New Carmen Adventure	publisher	Mindscape
Eindhovens Dagblad	publisher	Wegener
Deadfall Adventures	publisher	Nordic Games GmbH
The Illegitimates	publisher	IDW Publishing
Pac-Man Dash!	publisher	Namco Bandai Games
The Vampire Tapestry	publisher	Orb Books
The Best Horror of the Year: Volume One	publisher	Night Shade Books
Marlow Briggs and the Mask of Death	publisher	505
Blaster Master	publisher	Sunsoft
The Leavenworth Case	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Lone Wolf	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Great Food, All Day Long	publisher	Random House
Doctor Dolittle's Puddleby Adventures	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Full Employment Abandoned	publisher	Edward Elgar Publishing, Inc.
Distant Lands	publisher	Molodaya Gvardiya
Distant Lands	publisher	Detskaya Literatura
2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil	publisher	EA Sports
Iconoclast: A Neuroscientist Reveals How to Think Differently	publisher	Harvard Business Press
Big Game Hunt	publisher	Popular Publications
Armaments Race	publisher	Popular Publications
Wellbeing at Work conference	publisher	NRCWE
One of Cleopatra's Nights and Other Fantastic Romances	publisher	Richard Worthington
Far Cry 4	publisher	Ubisoft
Jaco the Galactic Patrolman	publisher	Shueisha
The Big Man	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton ,
The Big Man	publisher	William Morrow & Co
The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Two	publisher	Night Shade Books
Journal of Neurodevelopmental Disorders	publisher	BioMed Central
Physical Review X	publisher	American Physical Society
Walking Wounded	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Moving Spirit	publisher	Ballantine Books
Tales of Zestiria	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
CSR Classics	publisher	NaturalMotion
Tsukuroi Tatsu Hito	publisher	Kodansha
Nanana's Buried Treasure	publisher	Enterbrain
Nanana's Buried Treasure	publisher	Enterbrain
Family Guy: Uncensored	publisher	Glu Mobile
13th Age	publisher	Pelgrane Press
Neurochemical Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Three	publisher	Night Shade Books
Urbani izziv	publisher	Urban Planning Institute of the Republic of Slovenia
Dawn	publisher	Hurst and Blackett
Cetywayo and His White Neighbours	publisher	Trubner and Company
The Witch's Head	publisher	Hurst and Blackett
Jess	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Whack & Slaughter	publisher	CatZeyeS Entertainment
Hospital	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Neglected People	publisher	Andrey Krayevsky
Neglected People	publisher	Saint Petersburg
Alien: Isolation	publisher	Sega
What Goes Up	publisher	Fantasy House
The Room Two	publisher	Fireproof Studios
The Lord of the Rings Dice Building Game	publisher	WizKids
Brain Stimulation	publisher	Elsevier
Rigged	publisher	HarperLuxe
Neuromolecular Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Stand by Me Doraemon	publisher	Shogakukan
Rust	publisher	Facepunch Studios
Maverick Jetpants in the City of Quality	publisher	Black Balloon Publishing
Sickness Unto Death	publisher	Hakusensha
Trains and Stations	publisher	WizKids
Goemon: Shin Sedai Shūmei!	publisher	Konami
Incredible Bodies	publisher	Bloomsbury Press
The Sweet-Shop Owner	publisher	Allen Lane
X	publisher	Shueisha
Mimpi	publisher	Crescent Moon Games
Dengeki Bunko: Fighting Climax	publisher	Sega
Appetite	publisher	Elsevier
The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Four	publisher	Night Shade Books
Killing Jesus	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Developmental Neurobiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Gomo	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Shantae: Half-Genie Hero	publisher	WayForward Technologies
Shantae: Half-Genie Hero	publisher	Marvelous USA
Reproductive Toxicology	publisher	Elsevier
The Tragedy of Arthur	publisher	Random House
Molecular Biotechnology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
StarForge	publisher	codeHatch
Look Who's Back	publisher	Eichborn Verlag
Chayey Moharan	publisher	Nathan Goldstein, Rav of Tcherin
The Suffragist	publisher	Congressional Union for Woman Suffrage
Gonna be the Twin-Tail!!	publisher	Shogakukan
The Shab-al-Hiri Roach	publisher	Bully Pulpit Games
Durance	publisher	Bully Pulpit Games
Look What I Found!	publisher	Western Publishing
Orochi: Blood	publisher	Shogakukan
F1 Exhaust Note	publisher	Sega
The Long Tail	publisher	Hyperion Books
Hyrule Warriors	publisher	Nintendo
SteamWorld Dig	publisher	Image & Form
Dr. Luigi	publisher	Nintendo
The Stolen Dormouse	publisher	Street & Smith
NES Remix	publisher	Nintendo
The Last Arrow	publisher	Dell Publishing
Lysbeth	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co
The Brethren	publisher	Cassell & Co.
The Unknown	publisher	Pyramid Books
A Gardener's Year	publisher	Longmans, Green
The Unknown Five	publisher	Pyramid Books
Unknown	publisher	Baen Books
Hell Hath Fury	publisher	Neville Spearman
The Complete Ninja's Handbook	publisher	TSR, Inc.
From Unknown Worlds	publisher	Street & Smith
Chronomancer	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Unknown Worlds: Tales from Beyond	publisher	Galahad Books
Men of War: Assault Squad 2	publisher	1
Sword Art Online: Infinity Moment	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Now I Can Dance	publisher	Harper Collins Publishing
In the Shadow of Midnight	publisher	Dell Publishing
Through a Dark Mist	publisher	Dell Publishing
Eclipse	publisher	Lautapelit.fi
The Opposite House	publisher	Penguin Books
Nova Law Review	publisher	Shepard Broad Law Center
Red Lights	publisher	Presses de la Cite
Golden Boy	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Mary of Marion Isle	publisher	Hutchinson
A Burial at Sea	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
Zero4 Champ DooZy-J Type-R	publisher	Media Rings
Hanayamata	publisher	Houbunsha
The Shadow People	publisher	BBC Audio
Four Fish	publisher	Penguin Books
The Reactionary Mind	publisher	Oxford University Press
Laburnum For My Head	publisher	Penguin India
Mystery Case Files: Fate's Carnival	publisher	Big Fish Games
Ghalib Danger	publisher	Penguin Books
The Last Tycoons	publisher	Doubleday
The Weapon	publisher	Popular Publications
Big Game	publisher	Doubleday
Epidemiologic Reviews	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
Journal of Marketing Research	publisher	American Marketing Association
Rail Wars!	publisher	Mag Garden
Peepo Choo	publisher	Kodansha
The Railway Man	publisher	Vintage
Avakasikal	publisher	Sahithya Pravarthaka Co-operative Society
Yo-kai Watch	publisher	Shogakukan
Romantica Clock	publisher	Shueisha
Sugar Soldier	publisher	Shueisha
Triad Wars	publisher	Square Enix
Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V	publisher	Shueisha
Annual Review of Environment and Resources	publisher	Annual Reviews
Fixing Sex	publisher	Duke University Press
Teleglitch	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Command: Modern Air Naval Operations	publisher	Matrix Games
The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner	publisher	W. H. Allen Ltd
Daimidaler: Prince vs Penguin Empire	publisher	Enterbrain
Daimidaler: Prince vs Penguin Empire	publisher	Enterbrain
Il segreto del Bosco Vecchio	publisher	Treves
Ben 10: Omniverse 2	publisher	D3 Publisher
Ben 10: Omniverse 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Weiß Survive	publisher	Bushiroad
Weiß Survive	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Smallville Roleplaying Game	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions
Exploration and Empire: The Explorer and the Scientist in the Winning of the American West	publisher	Texas State Historical Assn
The Greenback Era	publisher	ACLS History E-Book Project and Princeton University Press
A History of the Civil War, 1861–1865	publisher	Dover Publications
Race Drivin'	publisher	Atari Games
Race Drivin'	publisher	THQ, Inc.
Race Drivin'	publisher	Tengen
List of Pocky and Rocky video games	publisher	Taito Corporation
List of Pocky and Rocky video games	publisher	Natsume
Promise of Blood	publisher	Orbit Books
Ancillary Justice	publisher	Orbit Books
Ballet Review	publisher	Dance Research Foundation, Inc.
Tris McCall	publisher	Schrafft Books
Clockwork Princess	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
Animal Welfare	publisher	Universities Federation for Animal Welfare
Women's Murder Club: Games of Passion	publisher	THQ
Revista Austral de Ciencias Sociales	publisher	Austral University of Chile
In Search of the Lost Future	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
In Search of the Lost Future	publisher	Media Factory
Al Ahrar	publisher	Liberal Party
Speculations	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Constellations	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Sea Duel	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
L'Intermédiaire des Mathématiciens	publisher	Gauthier-Villars et fils
Cory in the House	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Anticipations	publisher	Harper
Anticipations	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Hide and Seek	publisher	Harper Collins
Journal of Petrology	publisher	Oxford Journals
The Edge of Tomorrow	publisher	Tor Books
The Narrow Road to the Deep North	publisher	Random House
Mr. Weston’s Good Wine	publisher	Chatto and Windus
The Sarah Jane Adventures Collection	publisher	BBC Audio
Leverage: The Roleplaying Game	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions
A Death in the Small Hours	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
Angel Beats!	publisher	VisualArt's
Dropsy	publisher	Devolver Digital
Super Monkey Ball: Banana Splitz	publisher	Sega
American Journal of Nursing	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Do: Pilgrims of the Flying Temple	publisher	Evil Hat Productions
GolfStar	publisher	Gamigo AG
Mega Dead Pixel	publisher	Chillingo
Gun Control in the Third Reich	publisher	The Independent Institute
Baramulla Bomber	publisher	Niyogi Books India
The Control Revolution	publisher	Harvard University Press
Hot in December	publisher	Dark Regions Press
More Than This	publisher	Candlewick Press
Biometrical Journal	publisher	German and Austro-Swiss Regions of the International Biometric Society, Wiley-VCH
Finders Keepers	publisher	Omnibus Books
Shindō	publisher	Futabasha
The Asimov Chronicles: Fifty Years of Isaac Asimov	publisher	Dark Harvest
Starter	publisher	Dupuis
Astronauta – Magnetar	publisher	Panini Comics
Far East of Eden Zero	publisher	Hudson Soft
Where's My Perry%3F	publisher	Disney Mobile
Twenty Houses of the Zodiac	publisher	New English Library
Aqua Bless	publisher	Akaneshinsha
Nightbirds on Nantucket	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Cuckoo Tree	publisher	Doubleday & Company, Inc.
The Man on Horseback	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Ida: A Novel	publisher	Random House
Terpsichora	publisher	Media Factory
The Photographic Journal	publisher	Royal Photographic Society
A Man Was Going Down the Road	publisher	Garnett Press
The Nurse Practitioner: The American Journal of Primary Healthcare	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners
Drama dari Krakatau	publisher	Hoa Siang In Kiok
Geriatric Nursing	publisher	Elsevier
Kadambini	publisher	HT Media
Chucky: Slash & Dash	publisher	Universal Studios
Evolve	publisher	2
Juggling	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Critical Reviews in Analytical Chemistry	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Amnesia Labyrinth	publisher	ASCII Media Works
How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia	publisher	Riverhead Books
Star Dust	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
La Vermine du Lion	publisher	Fleuve Noir
Amber House	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Neverwas	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
BS Fire Emblem	publisher	Nintendo
Mr. Monk Gets on Board	publisher	Signet Books
Mr. Monk Is Open for Business	publisher	Signet Books
Raylan	publisher	William Morrow
Lego The Hobbit	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego The Hobbit	publisher	Feral Interactive
Star Wars: The Card Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Mankind in the Making	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Mankind in the Making	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Angel Nest	publisher	Shodensha
The Islanders	publisher	Andrey Krayevsky, Saint Petersburg
Smoke in the Forest	publisher	Detskaya Literatura
Smoke in the Forest	publisher	Moscow
Justine	publisher	Canongate Books
The Second Life of Samuel Tyne	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
In Sunlight and In Shadow	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Anime Classics Zettai!	publisher	Stone Bridge Press
Human Rights between the Sexes	publisher	Heinrich Böll Foundation
Tiny & Big in Grandpa's Leftovers	publisher	Black Pants Studio
Blikk	publisher	Ringier
Blitzkrieg 3	publisher	Nival
Cheryl: My Story	publisher	Harper
Outlaw Platoon	publisher	Morrow/HarperCollins
Journal of Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Journal of International Cooperation	publisher	Taiwan International Cooperation Alliance
Jackpot	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Coal Creek	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Best Kept Secret	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Best Kept Secret	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Watching the Climbers on the Mountain	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Tivington Nott	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Advanced Emergency Nursing Journal	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Prawn Cracker	publisher	Penguin
Vom Unglück und Glück der Kunst in Deutschland nach dem letzten Kriege	publisher	Matthes & Seitz
Angelic Runes	publisher	Shodensha
The Late Scholar	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Accounting, Organizations and Society	publisher	Elsevier
Meat Atlas	publisher	Heinrich Böll Foundation and Friends of the Earth Europe
The World Is Still Beautiful	publisher	Hakusensha
Sweet Poolside	publisher	Kodansha
Chopper	publisher	Asylum Press
The Lesser Blessed	publisher	Douglas & McIntyre
Journal of Financial Studies	publisher	Taiwan Finance Association
Crypt of the NecroDancer	publisher	Brace Yourself Games
Crypt of the NecroDancer	publisher	Klei Entertainment
A Terribly Strange Bed	publisher	Bradbury and Evans
Cat Sense	publisher	Penguin UK
NASCAR '14	publisher	Deep Silver
Amagi Brilliant Park	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Amagi Brilliant Park	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Amagi Brilliant Park	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
Akame ga Kill!	publisher	Square Enix
IZA Journal of Migration	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute for the Study of Labor
Severed Souls	publisher	Tor Books
Oxford Development Studies	publisher	Routledge
VT Colorful	publisher	Marvelous AQL
Journal of Phycology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Phycological Society of America
Pinball	publisher	Online
The Art of Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind: Watercolor Impressions	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Book of Unwritten Tales: The Critter Chronicles	publisher	Nordic Games
His Favorite	publisher	Libre Publishing
Ping Pong	publisher	Shogakukan
Alzheimer's Research & Therapy	publisher	BioMed Central
Tokyo Ghoul	publisher	Shueisha
Ehmm Theory	publisher	Action Lab Comics
Mix	publisher	Shogakukan
Batman	publisher	Raw Thrills
Tatiana	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Tatiana	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Battle Bears Gold	publisher	SkyVu
Shadow Blade	publisher	
Physiological Reports	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society
The Dwelling-Place of Light	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Inugami-san to Nekoyama-san	publisher	Ichijinsha
Inugami-san to Nekoyama-san	publisher	Niconico
Batman Eternal	publisher	DC Comics
Hombres y Héroes	publisher	Novedades Editores
Bound by Flame	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Lenin: A Biography	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Locodol	publisher	Ichijinsha
Contraception	publisher	Elsevier
Benjamin's Crossing	publisher	Holt Paperbacks
Promised Land: Thirteen Books That Changed America	publisher	Doubleday
The Gorilla Hunters	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Barefoot Waltz	publisher	Houbunsha
Black Gate	publisher	Enterbrain
English Detective Mysteria	publisher	Marvelous AQL
English Detective Mysteria	publisher	Karin Entertainment
Little Forest	publisher	Kodansha
Eve: Valkyrie	publisher	CCP Games
Eve: Valkyrie	publisher	Oculus VR
The Rats	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The American Angler's Book	publisher	E. H. Butler & Co., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Tuper Tario Tros.	publisher	Newgrounds
On the Ball	publisher	Ascaron
Blank Slate	publisher	Hakusensha
Goodbye, Janette	publisher	Simon & Schuster  / U.K. ?
The Road from Elephant Pass	publisher	Vijitha Yapa Publications
Dracula Lives	publisher	Curtis Magazines
OlliOlli	publisher	Roll7
OlliOlli	publisher	Devolver Digital
OlliOlli	publisher	Curve Digital
OlliOlli	publisher	BadLand Games
Verdad	publisher	Communist Party of Uruguay
To Live and Die in L.A.	publisher	Arbor House
Revista Mexicana de Ciencias Geológicas	publisher	National Autonomous University of Mexico
Revista Mexicana de Ciencias Geológicas	publisher	Sociedad Geológica Mexicana
Revista Mexicana de Ciencias Geológicas	publisher	Instituto Nacional de Geoquímica
Revista Mexicana de Ciencias Geológicas	publisher	Sociedad Mexicana de Paleontología
Risk of Rain	publisher	Chucklefish Games
Kingdom Come: Deliverance	publisher	Warhorse Studios
Kingdom Come: Deliverance	publisher	Deep Silver
Magical Girl Apocalypse	publisher	Akita Shoten
SpongeBob Comics	publisher	United Plankton Pictures
SpongeBob Comics	publisher	Bongo Comics Group
Hearts of Iron IV	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Journal of Neuropathology & Experimental Neurology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Reporteri	publisher	University of Tirana
Runemaster	publisher	Paradox Interactive
How to Be a Woman	publisher	Ebury Press
Sudden Strike	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Sudden Strike	publisher	Strategy First
Sudden Strike 3: Arms for Victory	publisher	Cdv Software Entertainment
Timelines: Assault on America	publisher	Strategy First
Devil May Care	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Depression and Anxiety	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Solvay Pharmaceuticals
NHL FaceOff 2003	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment of America
The Busconductor Hines	publisher	Birlinn
The Bourne Retribution	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Marry Me	publisher	Canongate Books
A Whole Nother Story	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
La Grève des électeurs	publisher	Les Temps nouveaux
Hyperpilosity	publisher	Street & Smith
American Criminal Law Review	publisher	Georgetown University Law Center
Nature Climate Change	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Ajin: Demi-Human	publisher	Kodansha
Crawling Sky	publisher	Antarctic Press
Elegy for a Dead World	publisher	Dejobaan Games
Über	publisher	Avatar Press
The Eye of Minds	publisher	Delacorte Press
Mona the Vampire	publisher	Orchard Books
Journal of Neurotrauma	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Star Wars: Attack Squadrons	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
WIXOSS	publisher	Shueisha
WIXOSS	publisher	Square Enix
The Last Enchantments	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
Return to Groosham Grange	publisher	Walker Books
Larva Mortus	publisher	Meridian4
The Days of Anna Madrigal	publisher	HarperCollins
Homeopathy	publisher	Elsevier
Saikyō: Takada Nobuhiko	publisher	Hudson Soft
Flora & Ulysses	publisher	Candlewick Press
Red Rising	publisher	Del Rey Books
Monthly Girls' Nozaki-kun	publisher	Square Enix
Reverse Edge: Ōkawabata Tanteisha	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Majin Bone	publisher	Shueisha
Invisible, Inc.	publisher	Klei Entertainment
Flappy Bird	publisher	dotGEARS
Smoking Gun - Minkan Kasōken Chōsa'in Nagareda Midori	publisher	Shueisha
PRAXIS: The Fletcher Journal of Human Security	publisher	The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
Remember The Roses	publisher	Frank Bros. & Co.
Chemical Engineering Science	publisher	Elsevier
J.U.L.I.A.	publisher	Lace International Ltd
An Astrologer's Day	publisher	Indian Thought Publications
Freedom: First Resistance	publisher	Red Storm Entertainment
Pro Pinball: Fantastic Journey	publisher	Empire Interactive
Blackthorn Winter	publisher	Veritas Press
Sherlock Bones	publisher	Kodansha
The Lord of Opium	publisher	Atheneum Books
Battle Spirits: Shounen Toppa Bashin	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Revival	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Chronicles of Chaos	publisher	Tor Books
Journal of Autoimmunity	publisher	Elsevier
The Mosquito Coast	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Mosquito Coast	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Don't Look At It! Don't Touch It!	publisher	Troll Communications
Clumsy Ninja	publisher	NaturalMotion
Blast Radius	publisher	Psygnosis
Pyongyang Racer	publisher	Koryo Tours
The Castle Doctrine	publisher	Jason Rohrer
Prose Studies	publisher	Routledge
NFL Fever 2003	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Bound to Rise	publisher	Westland Limited
The Chain Gang	publisher	Evans Brothers, Stone Arch Books
Golos	publisher	Andrey Krayevsky
The Fire Chronicle	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Expeditions: Conquistador	publisher	BitComposer
Canto for a Gypsy	publisher	New York: Putnam
The Werewolf Principle	publisher	Putnam Publishing
Ghost in the Sheet	publisher	Tri Synergy
Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Louise: Amended	publisher	Black Balloon Publishing
Jungle Rumble	publisher	Disco Pixel
The Pagan Christ	publisher	Thomas Allen Publishers
London Calling	publisher	Polygon Books
Journal of Intellectual Property Law	publisher	University of Georgia
Jazzpunk	publisher	Adult Swim
Space Monster	publisher	Philips
The Last of Us: American Dreams	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Johnny, We Hardly Knew Ye	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Abilene Reflector-Chronicle	publisher	Montgomery Publications
Brighton Belle	publisher	Polygon Books
TowerMadness 2	publisher	Limbic Software
On the Edge	publisher	Barrington Stoke Ltd
Investigative Radiology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Brass Sun	publisher	2000
Journal of Belgian History	publisher	Centre for Historical Research and Documentation on War and Contemporary Society
Atlantic Geology	publisher	Atlantic Geoscience Society
Freedom Rising	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Notion	publisher	Notion London Ltd
Monthly Shōnen Champion	publisher	Akita Shoten
No Man's Land	publisher	CDV Software Entertainment AG
The Golem and the Jinni	publisher	Harper
Luftrausers	publisher	Devolver Digital
Journal of Atmospheric and Solar-Terrestrial Physics	publisher	Elsevier, sponsored by the International Union of Radio Science
Stochastic Processes and their Applications	publisher	Elsevier
World Break: Aria of Curse for a Holy Swordsman	publisher	SB Creative
World Break: Aria of Curse for a Holy Swordsman	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Farmageddon	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Black Wheel	publisher	New Collectors Group
Pattern Recognition in Physics	publisher	Copernicus Publications
Bukedde	publisher	Vision Group
A Stranger in Tibet	publisher	Kodansha International
The Hundred Brothers	publisher	Crown
Expert Review of Clinical Immunology	publisher	Informa
Fennia	publisher	Geographical Society of Finland
Expert Review of Gastroenterology & Hepatology	publisher	Informa
Expert Review of Dermatology	publisher	Informa
Expert Review of Pharmacoeconomics & Outcomes Research	publisher	Informa
Expert Review of Hematology	publisher	Taylor and Francis
How Sex Works	publisher	HarperCollins
Archaeology in Oceania	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Why Britain is at War	publisher	Penguin
Why Britain is at War	publisher	Printer: Wyman and Sons Ltd
The Passages of H.M.	publisher	Doubleday
The Houstonian	publisher	Sam Houston State University
Lady Jewelpet	publisher	Shogakukan
Goat Simulator	publisher	Coffee Stain Studios
Goat Simulator	publisher	Double Eleven
The Verificationist	publisher	Knopf
Trinity Seven	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Trinity Seven	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Angry Birds Stella	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Expert Review of Cardiovascular Therapy	publisher	Informa
Expert Review of Anti-infective Therapy	publisher	Informa
We Are Still Married: Stories & Letters	publisher	Viking Penguin
Emerald Dragon	publisher	Basho House
Emerald Dragon	publisher	Glodia
Emerald Dragon	publisher	NEC Corporation
Emerald Dragon	publisher	MediaWorks
... And Some Were Human	publisher	Prime Press
Dragon Collection	publisher	Kodansha
The Lemon Table	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Nuclear Throne	publisher	Vlambeer
J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, Vol. I	publisher	Interplay
Feminist Media Studies	publisher	Routledge
Regional Studies	publisher	Routledge
J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, Vol. II: The Two Towers	publisher	Interplay
Aldnoah.Zero	publisher	Houbunsha
Sporting Gun	publisher	IPC Media
What Digital Camera	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Environmental Health	publisher	BioMed Central
The Comedy of Charleroi	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Hello, Good-bye	publisher	Enterbrain
American Journal of Reproductive Immunology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Journal of Pain	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Pain Society
Alcazar: The Forgotten Fortress	publisher	Activision
Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark	publisher	Activision
The Last of Us: Left Behind	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology	publisher	Informa
A Place in the Country	publisher	Random House, New York
Spatial Economic Analysis	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Regional Studies Association and the British and Irish Section of the Regional Science Association International
Nancy Drew: The Shattered Medallion	publisher	Her Interactive
Read Only Memories	publisher	MidBoss
International Journal of Sensor Networks	publisher	Inderscience Publishers
Acta Koreana	publisher	Academia Koreana, Keimyung University
The Afterlife: A Memoir	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
La Prensa	publisher	Organizacion Editorial Mexicana
Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
A Valley Without Wind	publisher	Arcen Games
Elect Mr. Robinson for a Better World	publisher	Viking Adult
Four for Tomorrow	publisher	Ace Books
The Lives of a Bengal Lancer	publisher	The Viking Press
The Doctor and the Soul	publisher	Franz Deuticke
The Doctor and the Soul	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Cities	publisher	Elsevier
A Lume Spento	publisher	A. Antonini
The Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Journal	publisher	Allen Press for the American Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Association
The Energy Journal	publisher	International Association for Energy Economics
Lydia Bailey	publisher	Doubleday
Lydia Bailey	publisher	William Collins, Sons
The Golf Club	publisher	HB Studios
Resource and Energy Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Magus	publisher	Aksys Games
The Dark Eye: Blackguards	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
The Dark Eye: Blackguards	publisher	Kalypso Media
Secret of the Sands	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
Dark Life	publisher	Scholastic
Castle Quest	publisher	Micro Power
The New 52: Futures End	publisher	DC Comics
Polar Geography	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Taliban Shuffle	publisher	Doubleday
One Epic Game	publisher	Grip Games
One Epic Game	publisher	Chillingo
Annihilation	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair	publisher	Éditions de Fallois / L’Âge d’Homme
Cool Boarders: Code Alien	publisher	UEP Systems
Arc of Justice	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Saints of the Shadow Bible	publisher	Orion
Less Than One: Selected Essays	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Frozen: Olaf's Quest	publisher	GameMill Entertainment
The Spirit of Romance	publisher	J. M. Dent and Sons
Plague Inc: Evolved	publisher	Ndemic Creations
Zone Raiders	publisher	Virgin Interactive
Super Motherload	publisher	XGen Studios
Styx: Master of Shadows	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Breakshot	publisher	Phoenix Books
Eventing	publisher	IPC Media
Loadout	publisher	Edge of Reality
Hakuisei Renai Shoukougun	publisher	Kogado Studio & CyberFront
Voyager	publisher	Viacom
International Boat Industry	publisher	IPC Media
Polar Record	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Scott Polar Research Institute
A Death of Honor	publisher	Del Rey Books
Practical Boat Owner	publisher	IPC Media
Yachting Monthly	publisher	IPC Media
SuperYacht Business	publisher	IPC Media
Motor Boat & Yachting	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Motor Boats Monthly	publisher	IPC Media
Golf Monthly	publisher	IPC Media
Cycling Active	publisher	IPC Media
Cycle Sport	publisher	IPC Media
The Red Moulana	publisher	Samhati Publications
Mountain Bike Rider	publisher	IPC Media
Prism Rhythm	publisher	Enterbrain
Himegoto	publisher	Ichijinsha
Sekai to Sekai no Mannaka de	publisher	Lump of Sugar
Be Careful What You Wish For	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Be Careful What You Wish For	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Doctor in the House	publisher	Michael Joseph
She's All the World to Me	publisher	Harper
The Moderate	publisher	Levellers
VolksWorld	publisher	IPC Media
Res Publica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf  of the Association for Social and Political Philosophy
Angel's Luck	publisher	Del Rey Books
Music: What Happened%3F	publisher	125
Teen Now	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Silva Iaponicarum	publisher	Katedra Orientalistyki, Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań
Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Mistborn: Shadows of Self	publisher	Tor Books, Macmillan Audio
Black Sun, Red Moon	publisher	Seventh Citadel
The Tyranny of Experts	publisher	Basic Books
Global and Planetary Change	publisher	Elsevier
European Journal of Neurology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Academy of Neurology
Psi-5 Trading Company	publisher	Accolade
Goodnight Punpun	publisher	Shogakukan
Marvel Classics Comics	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Blade of the Courtesans	publisher	Vertical Inc
Invaders of the Rokujyōma!%3F	publisher	Hobby Japan
Invaders of the Rokujyōma!%3F	publisher	Hobby Japan
Research in Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Benchmarking	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Measuring Business Excellence	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Business Process Management Journal	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
New Blackfriars	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Linear Algebra and its Applications	publisher	Elsevier
Wreckfest	publisher	Bugbear Entertainment
25 Beautiful Homes	publisher	Time Inc.
Style at Home	publisher	IPC Media
Temple Law Review	publisher	Temple University Beasley School of Law
Rinth Island	publisher	Chillingo
Shadowrun: Dragonfall	publisher	Harebrained Schemes
Beautiful Kitchens	publisher	Time Inc.
Goodtoknow Recipes	publisher	Time Inc. UK
Homes & Gardens	publisher	Time Inc.
Juventud Comunista	publisher	Iberian Communist Youth
The Pollinators of Eden	publisher	Weybright & Talley, New York
Karyssia: Queen of Diamonds	publisher	Incentive Software
Journal of the Chemical Society of Pakistan	publisher	Chemical Society of Pakistan
Israel Shtime	publisher	Mapam
Feel Good You	publisher	IPC Media
Woman & Home	publisher	IPC Media
Feel Good Food	publisher	IPC Media
International Conference on Simulation and Modeling Methodologies, Technologies and Applications	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Authority	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Acceptance	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
IEEE Southwest Symposium on Image Analysis and Interpretation	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
The Book of Matt	publisher	Steerforth Press
Acció	publisher	Iberian Communist Youth
Blood Knights	publisher	Kalypso Media
Eve & Adam	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Risen 3: Titan Lords	publisher	Deep Silver
X-2 HD Remaster	publisher	Square Enix
American Heart Journal	publisher	Elsevier
The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft	publisher	Archibald Constable
FCC Record	publisher	United States Government Publishing Office
Graphic Classics	publisher	Eureka Productions
Batman: Arkham Knight	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
A Voice Through a Cloud	publisher	John Lehmann
PC Engine Fan	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Journal of Biomedical Science	publisher	BioMed Central
Riot Runners	publisher	Room 8 Studio
Tell The Wolves I'm Home	publisher	Random House
Expert Review of Anticancer Therapy	publisher	Informa
Expert Review of Medical Devices	publisher	Informa
Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency	publisher	Infobase Publishing
Amnesia Fortnight 2014	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Dr. Seuss: Green Eggs and Ham	publisher	NewKidCo
Zone One	publisher	Doubleday
Zone One	publisher	Anchor Books
A Lineage of Grace	publisher	Tyndale House Publishers
Advances in Atmospheric Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media and Science Press
The Farm	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Super Mario Bros.	publisher	Nintendo
The Superior Foes of Spider-Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
Pacific Rim Symposium on Image and Video Technology	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Then and Now	publisher	Heinemann
Then and Now	publisher	Doubleday
Into the Still Blue	publisher	Harper Collins
Grazer Philosophische Studien	publisher	Rodopi Publishers
IEEE Virtual Reality International Conference	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference	publisher	Elsevier
Nine and a Half Mystics	publisher	Collier Books
The Mimic Men	publisher	Andre Deutsch
Let It Die	publisher	GungHo Online Entertainment
Williwaw	publisher	E. P. Dutton & Co., Inc., New York
Hauptmann's Ladder	publisher	Kent State University Press
Ghosted	publisher	Image Comics
Play Their Hearts Out	publisher	Ballantine Books
Glasslip	publisher	Pony Canyon
Costume Quest 2	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Avian Diseases	publisher	American Association of Avian Pathologists
Angry Blonde	publisher	HarperEntertainment
When Supernatural Battles Became Commonplace	publisher	SB Creative
When Supernatural Battles Became Commonplace	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Time Traveler's Almanac	publisher	Tor Books
A Little Lumpen Novelita	publisher	Mondadori
A Little Lumpen Novelita	publisher	New Directions Publishing
AIP Advances	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Les Contemplations	publisher	1856
Man Overboard	publisher	Northwest Publishing
Journal of Integrative Medicine	publisher	Science Press in collaboration with Elsevier
Personal	publisher	Bantam Press
Personal	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Sense of an Ending: Studies in the Theory of Fiction	publisher	Oxford University Press
Adventure Time: Battle Party	publisher	Cartoon Network
Pokémon Battle Trozei	publisher	The Pokémon Company
This War of Mine	publisher	11
The Office of Mercy	publisher	Penguin Books
Acadiensis	publisher	University of New Brunswick
Angry Birds Epic	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Tangsir	publisher	Negah Publications
M3 the dark metal	publisher	Mag Garden
Pixel Piracy	publisher	Re-Logic
Pixel Piracy	publisher	505
Rambam Maimonides Medical Journal	publisher	Rambam Health Care Campus
Revista Complutense de Historia de América	publisher	Complutense University of Madrid
Trinity: A Graphic History of the First Atomic Bomb	publisher	Hill and Wang
Planta	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Sex, Sin, and Blasphemy	publisher	The New Press
Catalina	publisher	Heinemann
Catalina	publisher	Doubleday
Shōnen Hollywood	publisher	Shogakukan
Journal of Roman Archaeology	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of J.H. Humphrey
Blitz Brigade	publisher	Gameloft
Ultraman	publisher	Shogakukan
Blood Eagle	publisher	Hutchinson
Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Bingo's Run	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Raiders of the Nile	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Pirate King	publisher	25
Garment of Shadows	publisher	25
The Night Wanderer: A Native Gothic Novel	publisher	Annick Press
Todd, The Ugliest Kid on Earth	publisher	Image Comics
The American Religion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Juan Bobo	publisher	Journal of American Folklore
Juan Bobo	publisher	Walker & Company;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Ediciones Librero;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Ediciones Huracan;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Dutton;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Harper Collins;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Turtleback Books;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Troll Communications;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Scholastic Books;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Rayo;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Ediciones Puertorriqueñas;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Houghton Mifflin;
Juan Bobo	publisher	August House;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Benchmark Books;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Hampton-Brown;
Juan Bobo	publisher	Reviewed by:
Juan Bobo	publisher	Kirkus Reviews
Juan Bobo	publisher	Library Journal
Juan Bobo	publisher	Publishers Weekly
Juan Bobo	publisher	Booklist
Annales Zoologici	publisher	Museum and Institute of Zoology
Medieval Archaeology	publisher	Maney Publishing on behalf of the Society for Medieval Archaeology
Porius: A Romance of the Dark Ages	publisher	Macdonald & Company, London
Celestial Method	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Dark Green, Bright Red	publisher	E. P. Dutton & Co., Inc., New York
APL Materials	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die: Musings from the Road	publisher	William Morrow
Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die: Musings from the Road	publisher	HarperCollins
Mitteilungen der Österreichischen Geographischen Gesellschaft	publisher	Austrian Geographical Society
Translation & Interpreting	publisher	Western Sydney University School of Humanities and Communication Arts
Applied Physics Reviews	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Gunner Cade	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Biomicrofluidics	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Chaos	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Journal of Physical and Chemical Reference Data	publisher	American Institute of Physics on behalf of the National Institute of Standards and Technology
Low Temperature Physics	publisher	American Institute of Physics
BioMetals	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Fun Fare; a Treasury of Reader's Digest Wit and Humor	publisher	Reader's Digest
Celtic Family Magazine	publisher	Lorin Morgan-Richards
Time of Trial	publisher	Oxford University Press
Championship Surfer	publisher	Mattel
Opus 200	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Valley of Amazement	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Avengers World	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Testament of Sister New Devil	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Testament of Sister New Devil	publisher	Hakusensha
Shrine	publisher	New English Library
The Last Parable	publisher	Arthur Barker
The Circus Is Coming	publisher	J. M. Dent
Journal of Inorganic Biochemistry	publisher	Elsevier
Gundam Reconguista in G	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Gugure! Kokkuri-san	publisher	Square Enix
Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend	publisher	Square Enix
Akata Witch	publisher	Viking Press
Akata Witch	publisher	Penguin Books
Turma da Mônica – Laços	publisher	Panini Comics
Silver	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Piteco – Ingá	publisher	Panini Comics
Chico Bento – Pavor Espaciar	publisher	Panini Comics
Cutting the Mustard	publisher	Faber and Faber
Assassin's Creed Unity	publisher	Ubisoft
Longman Grammar of Spoken and Written English	publisher	Longman
Willie: An Autobiography	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Malacologica Bohemoslovaca	publisher	Slovak Academy of Sciences
American Journal of Orthopsychiatry	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the American Orthopsychiatric Association
K.H. Letters to C.W. Leadbeater	publisher	Theosophical Publishing House
Karate Master	publisher	Shogakukan
Forza! Hidemaru	publisher	Shogakukan
Aarachaar	publisher	DC Books
Arcade Gamer Fubuki	publisher	Enterbrain
In Our Translated World	publisher	Tamil Literary Garden jointly with TSAR Publications
Sisterhood Everlasting	publisher	Delacorte Press
Template	publisher	P.S. Publishing
Why Call Them Back from Heaven%3F	publisher	Doubleday
Why Call Them Back from Heaven%3F	publisher	Ace Books
Messiah	publisher	E. P. Dutton & Co., Inc., New York
The Liberty Amendments	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Boom Beach	publisher	Supercell
Orr: My Story	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Hack 'n' Slash	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Lego Ninjago: Nindroids	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
The Sixth Man	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Oblivion	publisher	Walker Books
Skavenslayer	publisher	Games Workshop
Biomaterials	publisher	Elsevier
Avengers Undercover	publisher	Marvel Comics
Grits	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Little Man from Archangel	publisher	Presses de la Cité
Employment	publisher	Street & Smith
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: Pro Hunts	publisher	Activision
FEMS Microbiology Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Severina	publisher	Yale University Press
American Truck Simulator	publisher	SCS Software
Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai 2	publisher	Sega
What Video Games Have to Teach Us About Learning and Literacy	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan; 2nd edition
The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
The Last Station	publisher	Holt Paperbacks
Flash Boys	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha	publisher	Current Books
Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha	publisher	Amaryllis
Blood Blockade Battlefront	publisher	Shueisha
Forced Marriage	publisher	AuthorHouseUK
Word Monsters	publisher	Rovio Stars
Kero Blaster	publisher	Playism
Man: Whence, How and Whither, a Record of Clairvoyant Investigation	publisher	Theosophical Publishing House
Reunion	publisher	Adam Books
Planned Obsolescence: Publishing, Technology, and the Future of the Academy	publisher	NYU Press
Shadow on the Hearth	publisher	Doubleday Books
Squire Arden	publisher	Hurst & Blackett
What Are You Doing Here%3F	publisher	Bazillion Points
A Cruel Bird Came to the Nest and Looked In	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Planets Under Attack	publisher	Topware Interactive
Rusty's Real Deal Baseball	publisher	Nintendo
TxK	publisher	Llamasoft
Scourge: Outbreak	publisher	UFO Interactive Games
Scourge: Outbreak	publisher	Bitbox
Caffeine	publisher	Incandescent Imaging
Team Umizoomi & Dora's Fantastic Flight	publisher	2
Skyforge	publisher	My.com
Pretty Deadly	publisher	Image Comics
Black Science	publisher	Image Comics
Satellite Sam	publisher	Image Comics
Marvellous	publisher	John Blake
Term of Trial	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Xenocracy	publisher	Grolier Interactive
Jonah Hex: Shadows West	publisher	Vertigo
Afterlife with Archie	publisher	Archie Comics
Ninja Slayer	publisher	Enterbrain
Ninja Slayer	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Yellow Birds	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Panic: The Story of Modern Financial Insanity	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Washington's Spies: The Story of America's First Spy Ring	publisher	Bantam
Ni no Kuni: Dominion of the Dark Djinn	publisher	Level-5
Red Raven	publisher	Square Enix
Academic Emergency Medicine	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Destruction Derby	publisher	Exidy
Journal of Human Development and Capabilities	publisher	Routledge
SA Rugby Magazine	publisher	Highbury Safika Media
The Seed and the Sower	publisher	Hogarth Press
Champion	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Ominous Horizons: A Paladin's Calling	publisher	N'Lightning Software
Ride This Night	publisher	Bonniers
History of Science	publisher	Sage Publications
Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel	publisher	2
Solar 2	publisher	Murudai
Hideout	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Savage Coast Campaign Book	publisher	TSR, Inc.
H1Z1: Just Survive	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
Sega Hard Girls	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Tomodachi Life	publisher	Nintendo
Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff	publisher	Fox Digital Entertainment
The Last of Us Remastered	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Neuro	publisher	Russobit-M
Expert Review of Vaccines	publisher	Informa
NeuroRehabilitation	publisher	IOS Press
Manushyanu Oru Aamukham	publisher	DC Books
Testimonies 2001	publisher	Kiro Dandaro
Sundarikalum Sundaranmarum	publisher	DC Books
A Tiananmen Journal	publisher	Morning Bell Press
A Tiananmen Journal	publisher	Free Culture Press
A Tiananmen Journal	publisher	Suyuan Books
Buzz about Bees	publisher	Fitzhenry and Whiteside
Citrus	publisher	Ichijinsha
Zarathrusta	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Journal of Structural Geology	publisher	Elsevier
Dharmarajyam	publisher	DC Books
Kathabeejam	publisher	DC Books
Civilization: Beyond Earth	publisher	2
Grand Theft Auto Online	publisher	Rockstar Games
A Well-Trained Stray	publisher	Elain Publishing House
Severed	publisher	DrinkBox Studios
The Decline and Fall of Nokia	publisher	Schildts & Söderströms
Tree of Life	publisher	Ballantine Books
PrideGP Grand Prix 2003	publisher	Capcom
Encyclopedia Sindhiana	publisher	Sindhi Language Authority
Blind But Now I See: The Biography of Music Legend Doc Watson	publisher	Blooming Twig Books\nSumach-Red Books
Rise of Mana	publisher	Square Enix
U.S. Special Forces: Team Factor	publisher	Xicat Interactive
Poor Cow	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Storm Data	publisher	NOAA National Climatic Data Center
Cibola Burn	publisher	Orbit Books
Harian Rakjat	publisher	Njoto
Anti-Magic Academy: The 35th Test Platoon	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Anti-Magic Academy: The 35th Test Platoon	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Anti-Magic Academy: The 35th Test Platoon	publisher	Media Factory
1001 Knights	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Shopping	publisher	Fourth Estate
Shopping	publisher	Soho Press
Learning & Memory	publisher	Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press
The Wee Fellas	publisher	Lulu
The Wee Fellas	publisher	Amazon
The Facts of Life: And Other Dirty Jokes	publisher	Random House
John Needham's Double	publisher	John & Robert Maxwell  / Harper
Transgender History	publisher	Seal Press
The Secret Service	publisher	Icon Comics
Toms River	publisher	Bantam Books
The Divide: American Injustice in the Age of the Wealth Gap	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Martha Quest	publisher	Michael Joseph
Rogues	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Molecular Neurodegeneration	publisher	BioMed Central
Pax Britannica Trilogy	publisher	Faber and Faber
Arctic Moves	publisher	Imagine Software
Dark Lands	publisher	Mingle Games
Dark Lands	publisher	Bulkypix
The Unconscious God	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Strange Tale of Panorama Island	publisher	Enterbrain
The Last Tinker: City of Colors	publisher	Unity Technologies
Research and Humanities in Medical Education	publisher	Medical Humanities Group at the University College of Medical Sciences and Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital
IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Journal of Pure and Applied Algebra	publisher	Elsevier
Not A Hero	publisher	Devolver Digital
Not A Hero	publisher	Team17
Rat Queens	publisher	Image Comics
MotoGP 14	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
New Worlds, New Lives	publisher	Stanford University Press
Onmyōji	publisher	Scola, Hakusensha
Onmyōji	publisher	Hakusensha
Effortless Mastery	publisher	Jamey Aebersold
Ant in a Glass Jar	publisher	АСТ: CORPUS
Livre d'emma	publisher	Les Editions du Remue-Menage
RollerCoaster Tycoon 4 Mobile	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Business Review	publisher	Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
Registry of World Record Size Shells	publisher	Snail's Pace Productions
Registry of World Record Size Shells	publisher	ConchBooks
Registry of World Record Size Shells	publisher	Shell's Passion
Registry of World Record Size Shells	publisher	Topseashells
They Used to Play on Grass	publisher	London, Odhams
The Budapest Beacon	publisher	NewsLanc.com LLC
Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love	publisher	Arbon / Pinter & Martin UK
The Triple Echo	publisher	Michael Joseph
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Island Queen	publisher	J. Nisbet
Nursery Rhyme	publisher	Softgarage
Female Serial Killers	publisher	Berkley Books
Female Serial Killers	publisher	Penguin Group
Fatal Frame: Maiden of Black Water	publisher	Nintendo
Grid Autosport	publisher	Codemasters
Goblins in the Castle	publisher	Pocket Books
Ryū ga Gotoku Ishin!	publisher	Sega
Australian Feminist Studies	publisher	Routledge
Magimoji Rurumo	publisher	Kodansha
Magimoji Rurumo	publisher	Kodansha
Horizons: The Journal of the College Theology Society	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the College Theology Society, Villanova University
Natural Theology or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity	publisher	R. Faulder, London
Natural Theology or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity	publisher	John Morgan, Philadelphia
Ornithological Dictionary	publisher	J. White
Guitar Zero	publisher	Penguin Books
The Blueberry Pie Elf	publisher	Oliver & Boyd, Edinburgh
The Blueberry Pie Elf	publisher	William Morrow and Company
She Died	publisher	VIVA-PSICOM Publishing
Miss Hokusai	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
Akira No. 2	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Kin Kyori Renai	publisher	Kodansha
Clover	publisher	Shueisha
Alien Spidy	publisher	Kalypso Media
Sword Art Online: Hollow Fragment	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Warlock II: The Exiled	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Saga of Old City	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Black August	publisher	Hutchinson
Psychological Injury and Law	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Association for Scientific Advancement in Psychological Injury and Law
Motorcycle Mechanics	publisher	Mercury House Publications 1959–1974
Motorcycle Mechanics	publisher	EMAP 1974–1983
Encyclopaedia Beliana	publisher	Slovak Academy of Sciences
Encyclopaedia Beliana	publisher	www.encyclopaedia.sk
Madden NFL 15	publisher	EA Sports
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul	publisher	Abrams Books
NBA 2K15	publisher	2
Noureddin, Son of Iran	publisher	Sureye Mehr Publication
Landmark	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
The Ultimate Crime	publisher	Doubleday
Lance N' Masques	publisher	Pony Canyon
Living Fossil	publisher	Street & Smith
Remote Sensing	publisher	MDPI
Dengeki G's Comic	publisher	ASCII Media Works
R.V.S.	publisher	Gosizdat, Moscow
Le Bâton de Plutarque	publisher	Média-Participations
Le Bâton de Plutarque	publisher	Cinebook Ltd
Denkigai no Honya-san	publisher	Media Factory
Five Days at Memorial	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Journal of Synchrotron Radiation	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Crystallography
Jar Jar Binks Must Die	publisher	Fantastic Books
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare	publisher	Activision
Jet Car Stunts	publisher	BitComposer Entertainment
World Neurosurgery	publisher	Elsevier
The Coup	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Gaki Rock	publisher	Akita Shoten
Lecciones y Ensayos	publisher	University of Buenos Aires School of Law
The View from Serendip	publisher	Random House
Supportive Care in Cancer	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Multinational Association of Supportive Care in Cancer
Our Mathematical Universe	publisher	Anchor Books
El Chavo Kart	publisher	Televisa Home Entertainment
A Troublesome Inheritance	publisher	Penguin Books
That Which That Orphan Saw	publisher	Beh Nashr , Sureye Mehr Publication
The Adventures of Spawn	publisher	Image Comics
Seiobo There Below	publisher	Magvető
Ice Palace	publisher	Creative Sparks
Brother Dusty-Feet	publisher	OUP
Carbohydrate Research	publisher	Elsevier
Blackbox	publisher	HarperCollins
Focus: A Journal for Lesbians	publisher	Daughters of Bilitis
Journal of Geometry and Physics	publisher	Elsevier
The Cryosphere	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union
Aoi Honō	publisher	Shogakukan
My Real Children	publisher	Tor Books
Shōwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjū	publisher	Kodansha
Anesthesiology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Day of the Dogs	publisher	Black Flame
Lesbian Tide	publisher	Daughters of Bilitis
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013	publisher	Activision
Hibi Chōchō	publisher	Shueisha
Kakukaku Shikajika	publisher	Shueisha
Wild Boy	publisher	Sceptre
Ali and Ramazan	publisher	AmazonCrossing
Future Perfect: The Case for Progress in a Networked Age	publisher	Riverhead Books
Environmental Sciences Europe	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Food Wars!: Shokugeki no Soma	publisher	Shueisha
Food Wars!: Shokugeki no Soma	publisher	Shueisha
The Inside of the Cup	publisher	Macmillan
Retry	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Only the Animals	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Tiddas	publisher	Kogan Page
Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire	publisher	The Pokémon Company
NHL 15	publisher	EA Sports
Quarterly Journal of the Royal Meteorological Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Meteorological Society
The Review of Black Political Economy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Killing Floor 2	publisher	Tripwire Interactive
Before She Met Me	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Nameless One	publisher	Doubleday
Unreal Tournament	publisher	Epic Games
So Many Ways to Begin	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
So Many Ways to Begin	publisher	London
Limonov	publisher	P.O.L.
AIPLA Quarterly Journal	publisher	American Intellectual Property Law Association and the George Washington University Law School
Political Studies Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Political Studies Association (PSA)
In the Reign of Terror: The Adventures of a Westminster Boy	publisher	Blackie and Son
White Mischief	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Banach Journal of Mathematical Analysis	publisher	Tusi Mathematical Research Group
Rakkhi Bahini'r Shotto-Mittha	publisher	Prothoma Prokashan
Reus	publisher	Abbey Games
Hey Pitan!	publisher	Kodansha
Demon From Afar	publisher	Kodansha
Life	publisher	MDPI
Kurage no Shokudō	publisher	Kodansha
Bad Dirt: Wyoming Stories 2	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Deadtime Stories	publisher	Big Fish Games
Paläontologische Zeitschrift	publisher	Axel Springer AG
Burton and Speke	publisher	Random House
The Astounding, the Amazing, and the Unknown	publisher	Simon & Schuster
BMJ Open	publisher	BMJ Publishing Group
A Pair of Aces	publisher	Crossroads Press
Pokémon Art Academy	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Impossible Spell Card	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
Contemporary Jewry	publisher	Transaction Publishers, Association for the Social Scientific Study of Jewry
In the Light of What We Know	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Orenchi no Furo Jijō	publisher	Media Factory
Surgical Neurology International	publisher	Medknow Publications
Snow White with the Red Hair	publisher	Hakusensha
Palimpsest	publisher	State University of New York Press
Agnaadi	publisher	Crea Publications
The Rogue Prince	publisher	Bantam Spectra
The Adventures of Sajo and her Beaver People	publisher	Lovat Dickson & Thompson
Automonopoli	publisher	Automata UK
Magic: The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2015	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Magic: The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2015	publisher	Microsoft Studios( )
Drown	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Torture Club	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Saints Row 2	publisher	THQ Wireless
The Idolmaster One For All	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
History in Africa	publisher	Cambridge University Press on behalf of the African Studies Association
African Sources for African History	publisher	Brill
Halo: The Master Chief Collection	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Amma Vandhaal	publisher	Kalachuvadu
The Crimson Campaign	publisher	Orbit Books
Snap Attack	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Mande Studies Association	publisher	University of Wisconsin on behalf of the Mande Studies Association
Korean Journal of Anesthesiology	publisher	Korean Society of Anesthesiologists
Planet of the Apes	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
Planet of the Apes	publisher	Fox Interactive
Tough Guys Don't Dance	publisher	Random House
Galapagos	publisher	Electronic Arts
Galapagos	publisher	Sega
Dead People	publisher	Acontracorriente
True Love	publisher	Penguin Group
Miller-Keane Encyclopedia & Dictionary of Medicine, Nursing, and Allied Health	publisher	W. B. Saunders
Mira, Mirror	publisher	Viking Press
Radiophysics and Quantum Electronics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Princess and the Hound	publisher	HarperCollins
The Legacy	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Belle Prater's Boy	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Collected Stories of Grace Paley	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Varieties of Disturbance	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Life Worth Living	publisher	Big Finish Productions
Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde	publisher	Longmans, Green & Co.
Battle Spirits: Saikyou Ginga Ultimate Zero	publisher	Shueisha
Arena of Fate	publisher	Crytek
F1 Manager	publisher	EA Sports
Wargame: Red Dragon	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
After Dark	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Returned	publisher	Mira Books
Annoying Orange: Splatter Up	publisher	Bottle Rocket Apps
The Price of Silence	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
I, James Blunt	publisher	Methuen Publishing
A Million Nightingales	publisher	Pantheon Books, New York
Thunder Ceptor	publisher	Namco
The Journal of Entrepreneurial Finance	publisher	Pepperdine University
Bullet Girls	publisher	D3 Publisher
FairChild	publisher	ALcotEnterbrain
Mickey's 123: The Big Surprise Party	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Journal of Imperial and Commonwealth History	publisher	Routledge
Videoball	publisher	Iron Galaxy
The Dark Heart of Uukrul	publisher	Brøderbund
Africa Theological Journal	publisher	Tumaini University Makumira
Military Inc.	publisher	Pluto Press
World Trigger	publisher	Shueisha
Gasketball	publisher	Mikengreg
Solipskier	publisher	Mikengreg
Philip Ardagh's Book of Kings, Queens, Emperors and Rotten Wart-Nosed Commoners	publisher	Macmillan
Suzunone Seven!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High	publisher	McGraw-Hill
Cognitive, Affective, & Behavioral Neuroscience	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Psychonomic Society
Jesus: Apocalyptic Prophet of the New Millennium	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Making of the English Landscape	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Mr Leon's Paris	publisher	Phoenix Yard Books
Call Me When the Cross Turns Over	publisher	Angus & Robertson
McGill International Journal of Sustainable Development Law and Policy	publisher	McGill University Faculty of Law
McGill Journal of Law and Health	publisher	McGill University Faculty of Law
Citadels	publisher	BitComposer Games
The Shiralee	publisher	Angus & Robertson
The Shiralee	publisher	William Sloane Associates
Battlefield Hardline	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Mayan Secrets	publisher	Penguin Group
Dreaming Spies	publisher	Bantam Press
A Million Ways to Die in the West	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Eye of Heaven	publisher	Penguin Group
Cage on the Sea	publisher	Bento Books
Lego Batman 3: Beyond Gotham	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Batman 3: Beyond Gotham	publisher	Feral Interactive
Tibetan Peach Pie: A True Account of an Imaginative Life	publisher	Ecco Press
Mortal Kombat X	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
CBS Watch	publisher	CBS and Manifest
Samurai: Way of the Warrior	publisher	Madfinger Games
Who Stole the American Dream%3F	publisher	Random House
Obesity	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Obesity Society
City of the Mind	publisher	André Deutsch
Donald Duck	publisher	Sanoma
3-D Thunder Ceptor II	publisher	Namco
Uprising 2011: Indians Against Corruption	publisher	Wisdom Village Publications
Michael Jackson, Inc.	publisher	Atria Books
A Very Special House	publisher	HarperCollins
Pushmo World	publisher	Nintendo
China Dolls	publisher	Random House, Inc.
Fire Engineering	publisher	PennWell Corporation
The Day of the Pelican	publisher	Clarion Books
Shadows of the Pomegranate Tree	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Imagine	publisher	Rebel Incorporated
Downfall	publisher	Birlinn
Mother Country: Britain, the Welfare State, and Nuclear Pollution	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Forza Horizon 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
That Night	publisher	Picador
Exceptional Children	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Council for Exceptional Children
Teaching Exceptional Children	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Council for Exceptional Children
Sonic Boom: Shattered Crystal	publisher	Sega
Journal of Women, Politics & Policy	publisher	Routledge
Chinese History: A New Manual	publisher	Harvard University Asia Center for the Harvard-Yenching Institute distributed by Harvard University Press
Unstoppable: The Emerging Left–Right Alliance to Dismantle the Corporate State	publisher	Nation Books
Journal of Biomedical Optics	publisher	SPIE
India's Most Attractive Brands	publisher	Trust Research Advisory
How Markets Fail: The Logic of Economic Calamities	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Eleven Days	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
Maji Suki: Marginal Skip	publisher	Futabasha
Las Vegas	publisher	Ravensburger
Prince Lestat	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Applied Remote Sensing	publisher	SPIE
The Wolves of Midwinter	publisher	Random House
The Obstacle Is the Way	publisher	Portfolio, Penguin Hardcover
Typhoon	publisher	Triotech
Saraswati Park	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Hot Head	publisher	Grafton
Killing Patton	publisher	Henry Holt and Co.
Bérmunkás	publisher	Industrial Workers of the World
Autonomic Neuroscience: Basic and Clinical	publisher	Elsevier
Dreaming of Amelia	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Dreaming of Amelia	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
3 Skulls of the Toltecs	publisher	Time Warner
Przegląd Socjologiczny	publisher	Polish Sociological Association
Fires over Tetovo	publisher	Kultura
Not war nor peace	publisher	Matica
Seven Little Monsters	publisher	Harper & Row
I Can't Understand What My Husband Is Saying	publisher	Ichijinsha
Do and Die	publisher	Penguin Books
Super Mario Maker	publisher	Nintendo
Dishaster	publisher	Zimag
Home from the Sea	publisher	DAW Books
Blood Red	publisher	DAW Books
Lost Luggage	publisher	Games by Apollo
Whispering Willows	publisher	Night Light Interactive
Whispering Willows	publisher	Loot Interactive
Whispering Willows	publisher	Abstraction Games
Space Hulk: Deathwing	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Augustus	publisher	Bodley Head
To Heart 2: Dungeon Travelers	publisher	ASCII Media Works
FIFA 15	publisher	EA Sports
Beowulf: A Translation and Commentary	publisher	HarperCollins
Beowulf: A Translation and Commentary	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Hard Choices	publisher	Simon & Schuster
HRC: State Secrets and the Rebirth of Hillary Clinton	publisher	Crown Publishers
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris	publisher	Square Enix
Rise of the Tomb Raider	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Rise of the Tomb Raider	publisher	Square Enix
Jewels in the Crown	publisher	Elliott & Thompson
Make It Rain: The Love of Money	publisher	Space Inch, LLC
Une double famille	publisher	Mame-Delaunay
Dance Central Spotlight	publisher	Microsoft
Scalebound	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Crackdown 3	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Pro Evolution Soccer 2015	publisher	Konami
Ori and the Blind Forest	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Pure Pool	publisher	Ripstone
Canadian Journal of Occupational Therapy	publisher	Sage Publications
Just Dance 2015	publisher	Ubisoft
Just Dance Now	publisher	Ubisoft
Entwined	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
LittleBigPlanet 3	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Magicka 2	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Bloodborne	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Titan Souls	publisher	Devolver Digital
Abzû	publisher	505
NBA Live 15	publisher	EA Sports
Hollister Free Lance	publisher	Dan Pulcrano
The Final Descent	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege	publisher	Ubisoft
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker	publisher	Nintendo
Kirby and the Rainbow Curse	publisher	Nintendo
Splatoon	publisher	Nintendo
Yoshi's Woolly World	publisher	Nintendo
Project Giant Robot	publisher	Nintendo
Star Fox Zero	publisher	Nintendo
It's Geek 2 Me	publisher	Hachette
StarDrive	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Bleach DS 4th: Flame Bringer	publisher	Sega
Dan Leno and the Limehouse Golem	publisher	Sinclair-Stevenson
Blue Heaven	publisher	Minotaur Books
W. E. B. Du Bois: Biography of a Race, 1868–1919	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
W. E. B. Du Bois: The Fight for Equality and the American Century 1919–1963	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Imouto Paradise!	publisher	Paradigm
Rise of Incarnates	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Rory McIlroy PGA Tour	publisher	EA Sports
The Science of Star Wars	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Code Name: S.T.E.A.M.	publisher	Nintendo
Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Clinical Neurophysiology	publisher	Elsevier
It's About a Little Bird	publisher	Sourcebooks
Hunt: Horrors of the Gilded Age	publisher	Crytek
Systematic Reviews	publisher	BioMed Central
Ratchet & Clank	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Heavy Bullets	publisher	Devolver Digital
Eltingville	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Eltingville	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Gourmet Girl Graffiti	publisher	Houbunsha
Black Mirror III: Final Fear	publisher	Viva Media
Swiss Journal of Psychology	publisher	Verlag Hans Huber
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Laws of New York	publisher	Legislative Bill Drafting Commission
New York State Register	publisher	New York State Department of State
Dragon Ball Xenoverse	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Warhammer 40,000: Storm of Vengeance	publisher	Eutechnyx
The Singing Stone	publisher	Viking Kestrel
The Light-Bearer's Daughter	publisher	Penguin Books
La Paix du ménage	publisher	Mame et Delaunay-Vallée
Enter the Dominatrix	publisher	Deep Silver
Rapture for the Geeks	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Journal of Exotic Pet Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
The Florida Star	publisher	Clara McLaughlin
Resident Evil Survivor 2 Code: Veronica	publisher	Capcom, Namco
Hannibal	publisher	Canongate Books
Rebels: City of Indra	publisher	Pocket Books
Rebels: City of Indra	publisher	Gallery Books
Rebels: City of Indra	publisher	Karen Hunter Publishing
The Multiversity	publisher	DC Comics
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call	publisher	Square Enix
Annali di Matematica Pura ed Applicata	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Lords of the Rim	publisher	Putnam Publishing Group
Worms Battlegrounds	publisher	Team17
Infamous First Light	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Dragon's Lair	publisher	Cinematronics
Southern Cultivator	publisher	J. P. Harrison
Star Mage	publisher	IDW Publishing
Isuca	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Reisebriefe von Hermann Raster	publisher	Buchdruckerei Gutenberg
Support and Defend	publisher	Putnam Adult
Dragon Quest: Souten no Soura	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Asia Adventist Seminary	publisher	Adventist International Institute of Advanced Studies
Empire of the Dead	publisher	Marvel Comics
Mr. Nice	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Angry Birds Transformers	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Arizona Kid	publisher	Joy Street Books
Arizona Kid	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
Studies in Medieval and Renaissance Teaching	publisher	Wichita State University
Exposure	publisher	Razorbill
Rebbe: The Life and Teachings of Menachem M. Schneerson, the Most Influential Rabbi in Modern History	publisher	HarperCollins
King's Bounty: Warriors of the North	publisher	1
Colorado Revised Statutes	publisher	LexisNexis
Sonic Jump Fever	publisher	Sega
Acta Agriculturae Scandinavica. Section B. Soil and Plant Science	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Nordic Association of Agricultural Scientists
Agriculture, Ecosystems & Environment	publisher	Elsevier
The Book of Saladin	publisher	Verso Books
Mort the Chicken	publisher	Crave Entertainment
Monster Musume	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
School-Live!	publisher	Houbunsha
Naka no Hito nado Inai! Tokyo Hero Project	publisher	Enterbrain
Hormones and Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
12 Who Don't Agree	publisher	Zakharov Books
Ikenai Luna Sensei!	publisher	Kodansha
The People of the Wind	publisher	New American Library
Signal, International Review of Signalist Research	publisher	Signalism, international avant-garde movement
Civilization Revolution 2	publisher	2
The Future of the Mind	publisher	Doubleday
Federal Gazette	publisher	Federal Chancellery of Switzerland
Mobile Suit Gundam-san	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Space Lords	publisher	Pyramid Books
The Origin of Birds	publisher	England: H. F. & G. Witherby
The Origin of Birds	publisher	U.S.: D. Appleton & Company
Teaching Mathematics and Its Applications	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
When Did You See Her Last%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Unlimited Fafnir	publisher	Kodansha
Vasanthathile Poomarangal	publisher	Green Books
Moloch	publisher	Russkoye Bogatstvo
Advanced Optical Materials	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
ACS Photonics	publisher	American Chemical Society
The Legend of Korra	publisher	Activision
Disorder and Early Sorrow	publisher	S. Fischer Verlag
Am I Still Autistic%3F	publisher	Opportunities In Education, LLC.
African Silences	publisher	Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group
Foresight	publisher	Emerald Publishing Group
Cartoon Network: Superstar Soccer	publisher	Cartoon Network
Good Girls Don't Wear Trousers	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
From Kobe	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Business Forecasting	publisher	Institute of Business Forecasting & Planning
Australian Journal of Political Science	publisher	Routledge
Game of Thrones	publisher	Telltale Games
Biology	publisher	MDPI
Dead of Winter	publisher	BBC Books
Navigators of Dune	publisher	Tor Books
Hunter's Moon	publisher	BBC Books
Current Neurology and Neuroscience Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Illusions II: The Adventures of a Reluctant Student	publisher	Dell Publishing Co., Inc.
Yona of the Dawn	publisher	Hakusensha
Freeway Rick Ross	publisher	Freeway Studios
Touched by an Angel	publisher	BBC Books
Medical Care	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Mini-Reviews in Medicinal Chemistry	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
A-bout!	publisher	Kodansha
The Lotus and the Storm	publisher	Viking Press
The Lotus and the Storm	publisher	Penguin Books
E.S.S. Mega	publisher	Tomahawk
Immunology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Immunology
The Case of the Exploding Loo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Group Theory	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Vennen	publisher	LGBT Danmark
Journal of Industrial Ecology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Yale University
Shomin Sample	publisher	Ichijinsha
Shomin Sample	publisher	Ichijinsha
Football Manager 2015	publisher	Sega
Little Tail Story	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Space Shuttle: A Journey into Space	publisher	Activision
Comparative Civilizations Review	publisher	International Society for the Comparative Study of Civilizations
Defense Grid 2	publisher	505
Rendezvous: A Space Shuttle Simulation	publisher	Interactive Simulations
Schopenhauer's Telescope	publisher	Counterpoint Press
Majokko Daisakusen: Little Witching Mischiefs	publisher	Bandai
A Voice in the Dark	publisher	Top Cow Productions
Escape Dead Island	publisher	Deep Silver
Tenkai Knights: Brave Battle	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
The Circular Staircase	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill
Nesthäkchen in the Children's Sanitorium	publisher	SF Tafel
The Important Book	publisher	Harper & Brothers
PriPara	publisher	Shogakukan
Naval Research Logistics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Revista Chilena de Historia del Derecho	publisher	University of Chile
Leather-Nose	publisher	Éditions Maugard
Acta Physiologica	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Dai Gyakuten Saiban: Naruhodō Ryūnosuke no Bōken	publisher	Capcom
The Rhesus Chart	publisher	Ace
International Journal of Business and Emerging Markets	publisher	Inderscience Publishers on behalf of the Academy of Business and Emerging Markets
Ma Gastronomie	publisher	Overlook/Rookery
Ma Gastronomie	publisher	Xs books
Seraph of the End	publisher	Shueisha
Zen and the Art of Consciousness	publisher	Oneworld Publications
Wayne of Gotham	publisher	DC Comics
Wayne of Gotham	publisher	HarperCollins
Environmental Toxicology and Pharmacology	publisher	Elsevier
Outcast by Kirkman and Azaceta	publisher	Image Comics
The Legend of Korra: A New Era Begins	publisher	Activision
Battleborn	publisher	2
Plunder Pirates	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Theatre Annual	publisher	College of William & Mary
Simian	publisher	HarperCollins
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl	publisher	Abrams Books
What a Plant Knows	publisher	Scientific American
Imperia Online	publisher	Imperia Online Ltd
Your Fathers, Where Are They%3F And the Prophets, Do They Live Forever%3F	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Your Fathers, Where Are They%3F And the Prophets, Do They Live Forever%3F	publisher	McSweeney's
Sharknado: The Video Game	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Experimental and Applied Acarology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Connectome: How the Brain's Wiring Makes Us Who We Are	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Parenting: Science and Practice	publisher	Routledge
The Light Between Oceans	publisher	Random House Australia
Detroit: An American Autopsy	publisher	Penguin Books
Fates Forever	publisher	Hammer & Chisel
Kyō no Kira-kun	publisher	Kodansha
Disney's Aladdin	publisher	Sega
Disney's Aladdin	publisher	Capcom
Disney's Aladdin	publisher	Sega
The Camel Club	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Stone Cold	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Divine Justice	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Hell's Corner	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Lives of the Artists	publisher	Marcardi, Rome
Harvest Moon: The Lost Valley	publisher	Natsume
The Snowden Files	publisher	Vintage Books
The Parallax View	publisher	The MIT Press
Tekken 7	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Guilty Gear X2 updated versions	publisher	Arc System Works
Sky Wizards Academy	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Sky Wizards Academy	publisher	Media Factory
Moose: Chapters from My Life	publisher	AuthorHouse
Crux 92	publisher	Ultrasoft
3rd World Farmer	publisher	ArcadeTown, Newgrounds, Edmodo
Tony Hawk's Shred Session	publisher	Activision
Perils of Man	publisher	IF Games
Njananikshepam	publisher	Diocese of Madhya Kerala
Dalhousie Law Journal	publisher	Schulich School of Law
Journal of Non-Equilibrium Thermodynamics	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Journal of System Safety	publisher	International System Safety Society
Machi de Uwasa no Tengu no Ko	publisher	Shogakukan
Pin to Kona	publisher	Shogakukan
Paradox Lost	publisher	BBC Books
Sage Open	publisher	Sage Publications
Annals of Surgical Oncology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society of Surgical Oncology
Yasha	publisher	Shogakukan
Barairo no Ashita	publisher	Shueisha
Angel Lip	publisher	Shogakukan
Journal of the American Podiatric Medical Association	publisher	American Podiatric Medical Association
Onward Towards Our Noble Deaths	publisher	Kodansha
Moi, Antoine de Tounens, roi de Patagonie	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
Bakumatsu Rock	publisher	Ichijinsha
World of Speed	publisher	My.com
Absolute Duo	publisher	Media Factory
The Big Picture: Who Killed Hollywood%3F and Other Essays	publisher	Applause Books
The Lost World of British Communism	publisher	Verso Books
The Long Mars	publisher	Doubleday
Research in Labor Economics	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing and the Institute for the Study of Labor
Fossil Fighters: Frontier	publisher	Nintendo
Crosswords Plus	publisher	Nintendo
The Abysmal Brute	publisher	The Century Company
The Lion of Yanina	publisher	Modern Age Books
Ben, in the World	publisher	HarperCollins
Armored Warfare	publisher	My.com
The Divide: Enemies Within	publisher	Viacom New Media
The Long Secret	publisher	Harper & Row
Serenity: Leaves on the Wind	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Inuyasha: A Feudal Fairy Tale	publisher	Bandai
Wacky Wednesday	publisher	Random House
Dare Me	publisher	Reagan Arthur Books
The Sanatorium of the deported at Ikaria	publisher	Ella Publisher, Larissa, and Alfeios Books, Athens, Greece, respectively
Journal of American-East Asian Relations	publisher	Brill Publishers
Journal of Common Market Studies	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the University Association for Contemporary European Studies
Unbreakable: My Story, My Way	publisher	Pocket Books
The Tower of Silence	publisher	HarperCollins
Thor: Son of Asgard	publisher	Marvel Entertainment
MX vs. ATV Supercross	publisher	Nordic Games
Kodomo no Kodomo	publisher	Futabasha
ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
A Soldier's Friend	publisher	Puffin Books
Shadow Blade: Reload	publisher	
Consciousness and the Brain	publisher	Viking Press
The Battle of Bretton Woods	publisher	Princeton University Press
Wolf Solent	publisher	Simon and Schuster, New York
Immigration Wars: Forging an American Solution	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Covered Bridges Today	publisher	Daring Books
Modern Combat 5: Blackout	publisher	Gameloft
Nesthäkchen's First School Year	publisher	SF Tafel
The Wrestling	publisher	Faber & Faber
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons	publisher	DC Comics
Conan Role-Playing Game	publisher	TSR
The World of Indiana Jones	publisher	West End Games
The Adventures of Indiana Jones Role-Playing Game	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Autumn Republic	publisher	Orbit Books
Molecular Pain	publisher	BioMed Central
Freedom: The Underground Railroad	publisher	Academy Games
The 4%25 Solution: Unleashing the Economic Growth America Needs	publisher	Crown Business
Slaves of Socorro	publisher	Random House
Slaves of Socorro	publisher	Philomel
Scorpion Mountain	publisher	Random House
Scorpion Mountain	publisher	Philomel
LawBreakers	publisher	Nexon
Miritari!	publisher	Ichijinsha
Miritari!	publisher	Ichijinsha
A History of the Future	publisher	Atlantic, Inc.
Nononono	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Child and Family Studies	publisher	Springer Science + Business Media
Earth, Planets and Space	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Mystery Walk	publisher	Holt, Rinehart, & Winston
He's My Only Vampire	publisher	Kodansha
Nowhere Men	publisher	Image Comics
Poems for the Hazara	publisher	Full Page Publishing
The City Record	publisher	New York City Department of Citywide Administrative Services
The Drop	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Artificial Intelligence	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Gas Guzzlers Extreme	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Dangerous Love	publisher	W&N
My Policeman	publisher	Vintage Books
Hotel Acropolis	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Energy Policy	publisher	Elsevier
Shape Up	publisher	Ubisoft
Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies	publisher	Oxford University Press
Todas las Sangres	publisher	Losada
King's Bounty: Dark Side	publisher	1
Device 6	publisher	Simogo
The CLR James Journal	publisher	Philosophy Documentation Center
Takemitsuzamurai	publisher	Shogakukan
The Blue Giraffe	publisher	Street & Smith
Minami no Teiō	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Z: Zed	publisher	Nihon Bungeisha
Dragon Friends	publisher	NHN Corporation
Yawar Fiesta	publisher	Compañía de Impresiones y Publicidad, Lima
F1 2014	publisher	Codemasters
Death Race	publisher	Exidy
Deep Rivers	publisher	Losada
Deenbandhu	publisher	V. R. Krishnan Ezhuthachan
One Life Is Not Enough	publisher	Rupa Publications India
GoatUp 2	publisher	Llamasoft
Sunny	publisher	Shogakukan
Thandor: The Invasion	publisher	World: JoWooD Entertainment
Thandor: The Invasion	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Half-Minute Hero: The Second Coming	publisher	Marvelous
The Fox From Up Above and the Fox From Down Below	publisher	Losada
Arist Craisi	publisher	Enterbrain
Primordia	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
The Girl with All the Gifts	publisher	Orbit Books
Furi	publisher	The Game Bakers
The Practice of History	publisher	Fontana Books
Woman's Century	publisher	National Council of Women of Canada
Street Fighter	publisher	Malibu Comics
Gradius III	publisher	Konami
Stranger in the House: The Collected Short Supernatural Fiction, Volume One	publisher	Ash-Tree Press
Microbiological Research	publisher	Elsevier
The Lost Vikings	publisher	Interplay Entertainment
The Lost Vikings	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
Percy Jackson's Greek Gods	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Percy Jackson's Greek Gods	publisher	Penguin Group
The Bone Clocks	publisher	Sceptre
Antibiotics and Chemotherapy	publisher	Karger Publishers
Chemotherapy	publisher	Karger Publishers
Psychogeography	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Beauty and the Beast	publisher	Hudson Soft
Tonari no Kashiwagi-san	publisher	Hōbunsha
The Soccer War	publisher	Vintage
Animal Land	publisher	Kodansha
Electronic Journal of Statistics	publisher	Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society
Disney's Print Studio	publisher	Disney Interactive
Anastasia: Adventures with Pooka and Bartok	publisher	Fox Interactive
Prison School	publisher	Kodansha
Trotsky: A Biography	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Current Opinion in Colloid and Interface Science	publisher	Elsevier
The Opium of the Intellectuals	publisher	Calmann-Lévy
BioMed Research International	publisher	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
Atalanta Fugiens	publisher	Johann Theodor de Bry
Half Girlfriend	publisher	Rupa & Co.
North Wind	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Assassin's Creed Rogue	publisher	Ubisoft
American Journal of Cancer Research	publisher	E-Century Publishing Corporation
The Gunpowder Plot: Terror and Faith in 1605	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Orphanet Journal of Rare Diseases	publisher	BioMed Central
Disney's Brother Bear	publisher	Disney Interactive
The Magician's Land	publisher	Viking Adult
Crimsonland	publisher	10
Annals of the Institute of Statistical Mathematics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Institute of Statistical Mathematics
The Center of the Cyclone: An Autobiography of Inner Space	publisher	Julian Press
Star Trek: Khan	publisher	IDW Publishing
Journal of Advances in Information Fusion	publisher	International Society of Information Fusion
Digimon All-Star Rumble	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The White Family	publisher	Saqi Books
Abyss Odyssey	publisher	Atlus
PlayStation Vita Pets	publisher	Sony
1001 Spikes	publisher	Nicalis
Quest for the Future	publisher	Ace Books
Shirobako	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Shirobako	publisher	Shueisha
Reformation Europe, 1517-1559	publisher	Collins Publishers
Reformation Europe, 1517-1559	publisher	Harper & Row
Moriarty	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Abeloff's Clinical Oncology	publisher	Elsevier
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot	publisher	Mulholland Books
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Re-Kan!	publisher	Houbunsha
The Almost Nearly Perfect People	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Relentless Revolution: A History of Capitalism	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Men of Letters	publisher	AA Publishing
The Rolling Girls	publisher	Mag Garden
Hanabi	publisher	Asmodée Éditions
The Rational Optimist	publisher	Harper
BoneTown	publisher	D-Dub Software
Switch Girl!!	publisher	Shueisha
Shitsuji-sama no Okiniiri	publisher	Hakusensha
Global Business Review	publisher	Sage Publications
The Australian Feminist Law Journal	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Current Opinion in Anaesthesiology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
God Is Dead	publisher	Avatar Press
Pain Practice	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the World Institute of Pain
Michael Vey: Hunt for Jade Dragon	publisher	Simon Pulse
Michael Vey: Hunt for Jade Dragon	publisher	Mercury Ink
The Burning Room	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Rescuers	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Rescuers	publisher	William Collins, Sons
River of Stars	publisher	Roc Hardcover
The New Old World	publisher	Verso Books
Cytometry Part A	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Radio Hacker's Codebook	publisher	Gerald Duckworth and Company
The Tomorrow Children	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Warhammer 40,000: Conquest	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Alienation	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Silent Hills	publisher	Konami
Shadow Realms	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dirty Politics	publisher	Craig Potton Publishing
Tearaway Unfolded	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Might & Magic Heroes VII	publisher	Ubisoft
Bait and Switch: The	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Mathematical Biosciences	publisher	Elsevier
Pridefest	publisher	Atari, Inc.
Educational Psychologist	publisher	Routledge on behalf of Division 15 of the American Psychological Association
Village of Secrets	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Mirror's Edge Catalyst	publisher	Electronic Arts
Hart House Review	publisher	University of Toronto
Tenshin Ranman: Lucky or Unlucky!%3F	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Seven Gothic Tales	publisher	Random House
Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice	publisher	Ninja Theory
Julie	publisher	HarperCollins
Rule 18	publisher	Astounding Science Fiction
Zona: A Book About a Film About a Journey to a Room	publisher	Canongate Books
Screamride	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Astrophysics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Systems and Storage Conference	publisher	ACM
The Roman Triumph	publisher	Harvard University Press
Naples '44	publisher	William Collins; Eland Books
La velocidad de la luz	publisher	Tusquets Editores
Auteuring Nollywood	publisher	University Press Plc.
To War with Whitaker	publisher	William Heinemann; Mandarin
We Have Always Fought	publisher	Aidan Moher
Nancy Drew: Labyrinth of Lies	publisher	Her Interactive
Five Nights at Freddy's	publisher	Scott Cawthon
Alamein to Zem Zem	publisher	Editions Poetry London; Faber and Faber; Penguin Modern Classics; Oxford University Press
I Wear the Black Hat	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Fandemonium	publisher	Running Press
Biological Journal of the Linnean Society	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Linnean Society
Visual History by the Red Hot Chili Peppers	publisher	ItBooks
Freddi Fish and the Case of the Missing Kelp Seeds	publisher	Humongous Entertainment
Freddi Fish and the Case of the Missing Kelp Seeds	publisher	Transposia
Freddi Fish and the Case of the Missing Kelp Seeds	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Freddi Fish and the Case of the Missing Kelp Seeds	publisher	Night Dive Studios
Between the Spark and the Burn	publisher	Dial
Horus Heresy	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Wonder en is gheen Wonder	publisher	SKEPP
Hillfolk	publisher	Pelgrane Press
Atmosphere	publisher	MDPI
Alone in the Dark: Illumination	publisher	Atari Interactive
Toy Soldiers: War Chest	publisher	Ubisoft
Mob Psycho 100	publisher	Shogakukan
Super Yo-Yo	publisher	Shogakukan
Wahhabi Islam: From Revival and Reform to Global Jihad	publisher	Oxford University Press
Shadow Era	publisher	Wulven Studios
The World in Six Songs	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Silence is Goldfish	publisher	Indigo division of Orion Publishing Group
The Garnet Bracelet	publisher	Zemlya almanac
Homeroom Diaries	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Organized Mind	publisher	Dutton Penguin Random House
Skepter	publisher	Stichting Skepsis
Yume no Shizuku, Kin no Torikago	publisher	Shogakukan
P and JK	publisher	Kodansha
Green Fairy	publisher	Sofawolf Press
Chaos Rings III	publisher	Square Enix
Nemesis 2	publisher	Konami
Swing Copters	publisher	dotGEARS
Classical World	publisher	Johns Hopkins University on behalf of the Classical Association of the Atlantic States
Conversations with an Executioner	publisher	Prentice-Hall
Winning Post World 8	publisher	Tecmo Koei
The Causal Angel	publisher	Tor Books
Test Drive Le Mans	publisher	Infogrames
Test Drive Le Mans	publisher	, Infogrames
Yurikuma Arashi	publisher	Gentosha
Yurikuma Arashi	publisher	Gentosha Comics
My Life in Porn	publisher	Running Press of Philadelphia
Apples	publisher	Faber and Faber
A Centaur's Life	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Vicious Circle	publisher	MacMillan
Abraham Lincoln: The War Years	publisher	Harcourt
Wakakozake	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Alice in Borderland	publisher	Shogakukan
Laughing Under the Clouds	publisher	Mag Garden
Teachers College Record	publisher	Teachers College, Columbia University
The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Six	publisher	Night Shade Books
Pokkén Tournament	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Lock In	publisher	Tor Books
Unreal	publisher	Ubisoft
Tokkō Jimuin Minowa	publisher	Kodansha
Mad Professor Mariarti	publisher	Krisalis Software
Stella Bain	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Stella Bain	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
80 Days	publisher	Inkle
Hortus Sanitatis	publisher	Jacob Meydenbach, Mainz
Junior Captain Rybnikov	publisher	Mir Bozhy
Voltron	publisher	Charlton Comics
Voltron	publisher	Devil's Due Publishing
Voltron	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Applied Acoustics	publisher	Elsevier
InsideFlyer	publisher	Randy Petersen
History of Political Economy	publisher	Duke University Press
Gundam Build Fighters Try	publisher	Hobby Japan
Straight Life	publisher	Schirmer Books
Overlord	publisher	Enterbrain
Overlord	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Camel Up	publisher	Pegasus Spiele
IAJRC Journal	publisher	International Association of Jazz Record Collectors
A City Sleeps	publisher	Harmonix
The Lion King 1½	publisher	Disney Interactive
Triumph & Demise: The Broken Promise of a Labor Generation	publisher	Melbourne University Publishing
E.X. Troopers	publisher	Capcom
Low	publisher	Image Comics
Saints Row: Gat out of Hell	publisher	Deep Silver
International Journal of Environmental Research	publisher	Graduate Faculty of Environment, University of Tehran
Wizards Presents: Worlds and Monsters	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Primal Power	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Psionic Power	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Mistress of Mellyn	publisher	London: Collins; New York: Doubleday
Heroes of the Fallen Lands	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Monster Vault	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
The Shadowfell: Gloomwrought and Beyond	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Monster Vault: Threats to the Nentir Vale	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Into the Unknown: The Dungeon Survival Handbook	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Heroes of the Feywild	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Crown of Fire	publisher	TSR, Inc.
Results in Mathematics	publisher	Birkhäuser
Mistress	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Fragile Frontiers: The Secret History of Mumbai Terror Attacks	publisher	Routledge
Dark Angael	publisher	Vicarious Visions
Circle Dogs	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Conan: The Roleplaying Game	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
Twixt Twelve and Twenty	publisher	Prentice Hall
Barbie: Magic Genie Adventure	publisher	Mattel Interactive
Sea-Doo Hydrocross	publisher	Vatical Entertainment
Hobby Consolas	publisher	Axel Springer SE
Lichdom: Battlemage	publisher	Xaviant
Lichdom: Battlemage	publisher	Maximum Games
Lincoln's Gamble	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Sore ga Bokura no Renai Seikatsu	publisher	Alice Blue
Population Health Metrics	publisher	BioMed Central
Olesya	publisher	Kievlyanin
Dead or Alive 5 Last Round	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Resident Evil: Revelations 2	publisher	Capcom
Rogue Stormers	publisher	Black Forest Games
Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Playing It My Way	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Playing It My Way	publisher	Hachette India
Velocity 2X	publisher	FuturLab, Sierra Entertainment
International Requirements Engineering Conference	publisher	IEEE
Ancillary Sword	publisher	Orbit Books
The Blood Crows	publisher	Headline
The Revenge of Seven	publisher	HarperCollins
The Mysterious Cities of Gold: Secret Paths	publisher	Ynnis Interactive
Business History	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Current Issues in Criminal Justice	publisher	Sydney Law School
European Journal of Gastroenterology & Hepatology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Humanity & Society	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Association for Humanist Sociology
City of God	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Solid State Ionics	publisher	Elsevier
The Castles of Burgundy	publisher	Ravensburger
China's Wings	publisher	Bantam Books
Alcoholism Treatment Quarterly	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Clue	publisher	Electronic Arts
Fate: The Cursed King	publisher	WildTangent
Fate: The Cursed King	publisher	Encore Software
Detective Grimoire	publisher	Armor Games
British Railway Modelling	publisher	Warners Group Publications plc
This Fissured Land	publisher	Oxford University Press, as Oxford India Paperbacks and Oxford India Perennials
Gray Mountain	publisher	Doubleday
Snow	publisher	Poppermost Productions
Snow	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Chinese Physics C	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of the Chinese Physical Society
The National Catholic Bioethics Quarterly	publisher	National Catholic Bioethics Center
Kodoku no Gourmet	publisher	Fusosha
Goodbye Deponia	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
My Son's Story	publisher	Farrar, Strauss and Giroux
Saturday Morning RPG	publisher	Mighty Rabbit Studios
Saturday Morning RPG	publisher	Joystick Labs
Philosophia	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Thank You for This Moment	publisher	Les Arènes
My Secret History	publisher	Putnam Adult
My Secret History	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
A Golden Wake	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
Vainglory	publisher	Super Evil Megacorp
Disney's Tarzan: Return to the Jungle	publisher	Activision
Stealth Inc 2: A Game of Clones	publisher	Curve Digital
Text + kritik	publisher	edition text + kritik, Munich
Itaike na Kanojo	publisher	Visual Art's
Itaike na Kanojo	publisher	AiCherry
Slater & Charlie Go Camping	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Eat My Dust	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Sir Dashing	publisher	Kajak Games
Open Data Now	publisher	McGraw-Hill Education
79 Park Avenue	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
BoomBots	publisher	DreamWorks Interactive
Nesthäkchen and Her Dolls	publisher	SF Tafel
Synthajoy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Synthajoy	publisher	Ace Books
Chivalry of a Failed Knight	publisher	SB Creative
Chivalry of a Failed Knight	publisher	Square Enix
The Love and Death of Cornet Christopher Rilke	publisher	Insel Verlag
Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch	publisher	New Directions Publishing
Menacing Dog's	publisher	MediaWorksASCII Media Works
Perfidia	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Perfidia	publisher	Heinemann
Perfidia	publisher	Random House
Ai Tenchi Muyo!	publisher	Kodansha
The Theoretical Minimum	publisher	Basic Books
UEFA Euro 2000	publisher	EA Sports
Screamland	publisher	Image Comics
Zero to One	publisher	Crown Business
Kingdom of The Soap Queen: The Story of Balaji Telefilms	publisher	Harper Collins
Grain Growers' Guide	publisher	Grain Growers' Grain Company
Grain Growers' Guide	publisher	United Grain Growers
Learning with FuzzyWOMP	publisher	Sierra On-Line, Inc.
Pepsiman	publisher	KID
Lamentation	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Modern Locomotives Illustrated	publisher	Key Publishing Ltd
The Mathematics of Life	publisher	Basic Books
Unstoppable Gorg	publisher	Headup Games
How to Cheat at Cooking	publisher	Ebury Publishing
Bargon Attack	publisher	Coktel Vision
Pride FC: Fighting Championships	publisher	THQ
Beatmania IIDX 22: Pendual	publisher	Konami
Light the flower	publisher	Chillingo
Gauntlet	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Night of the Rabbit	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Musashino-sen no Shimai	publisher	Flex Comix
Musashino-sen no Shimai	publisher	G-Mode
The Dressmaker	publisher	Duffy & Snellgrove
Songs of Love and Death	publisher	Gallery Books
The Mad Scientist's Guide to World Domination	publisher	Tor Books
Spider-Man Unlimited	publisher	Gameloft
Quedex	publisher	Thalamus
Soviet Challenge: Javelin 1980	publisher	Eitbit
The View from the Seventh Layer	publisher	Pantheon Books
Social Bonding and Nurture Kinship	publisher	Createspace Independent Publishing Platform
Beavis and Butt-Head Do U.	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Taiyō no Ie	publisher	Kodansha
Forward Press	publisher	Aspire Publication
Raga Mala	publisher	Genesis Publications
Women's Studies in Communication	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Suns of Scorpio	publisher	DAW Books
Cities: Skylines	publisher	Paradox Interactive
North to the Orient	publisher	Harcourt
Past Poisons	publisher	Headline Publishing
Age of Empires: Castle Siege	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Judge Dredd: The Role-Playing Game	publisher	Games Workshop
The Heart of the Valley	publisher	HarperCollins , Constable, Academy Chicago Publishers, Pan Books, CB Creative Books
The Demon Breed	publisher	Ace Books
Stone Mattress	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Down These Strange Streets	publisher	Ace Books
2014: The Election that Changed India	publisher	Penguin Books India
Garage Magazine	publisher	Vice Media
Hanjuku-Joshi	publisher	Ichijinsha
Homecoming: When the Soldiers Returned from Vietnam	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Lives of Others	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Lives of Others	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Analytical Language of John Wilkins	publisher	Sur
The Musician's Guide to Polyrhythms	publisher	Try Publishing, Hal Leonard Publishing Corporation
Blue Labyrinth	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Gakuen Polizi	publisher	Futabasha
Asphalt Overdrive	publisher	Gameloft
Himitsu no Recipe	publisher	Houbunsha
Exile	publisher	New York: Alfred A. Knopf
Exile	publisher	London: Cassell
Malignant: How Cancer Becomes Us	publisher	University of California Press
The International Journal of the Platonic Tradition	publisher	Brill Publishers
The World of Science	publisher	Western Publishing
Jean Santeuil	publisher	Gallimard
Iheringia	publisher	Museu Rio-Grandense de Ciências Naturais
Illinois Intelligencer	publisher	Blackwell & Berry
Haru Natsu Aki Fuyu	publisher	Sun Magazine
Haru Natsu Aki Fuyu	publisher	Ichijinsha
Old Mars	publisher	Bantam Books
Remainder	publisher	Vintage Books
Hearth and Home	publisher	Pettengill, Bates & Company ; Orange Judd & Company ; Daily Graphic Co.
Blood Ties	publisher	--10-26
The Oz Principle	publisher	Prentice Hall
Journal of the American Pharmacists Association	publisher	American Pharmacists Association
Old Venus	publisher	Bantam Books
Detained	publisher	Zondervan
Total War: Attila	publisher	Sega
Persians and I	publisher	Moaj Publication House
Punch Quest	publisher	Rocketcat Games
A Rogue's Luck	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
The Blue Hussar	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Global Public Health	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Rung In	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Plastic Memories	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Orcs Must Die! Unchained	publisher	Robot Entertainment
The Hate of a Hun	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
A Sport from Hollowlog Flat	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Ice Breaker	publisher	Nitrome Limited
Ice Breaker	publisher	Rovio Stars
The Dark Between the Stars	publisher	Berkley Books
Lad	publisher	Keith Curtis
Social Choice and Welfare	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Under a Cloud	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Over the Odds	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
The Breed Holds Good	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
When Nuggets Glistened	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Nick of the Woods	publisher	Carey, Lea and Blanchard
Exo	publisher	Tor Books
The Prophecy	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Last Dynasty	publisher	Sierra On-Line
The Outlaw's Daughter	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
The Yemassee	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Zone of Interest	publisher	Jonathan Cape
A Game of Chance	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
A Crooked Game	publisher	George Newnes
Gaming for Gold	publisher	John Long
A Good Recovery	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
The Squatter's Secret	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
The Boy from Bullarah	publisher	States Publishing
The Boss o' Yedden	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
A Colt from the Country	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Fettered by Fate	publisher	NSW Bookstall Company
Sword Gai	publisher	Shogakukan
Warrior of Scorpio	publisher	DAW Books
Rimelands: Hammer of Thor	publisher	Crecent Moon Games
Futuridium EP Deluxe	publisher	MixedBag
Futuridium EP Deluxe	publisher	Playism
Crimson: Steam Pirates	publisher	Bungie
Extreme Metaphors	publisher	HarperCollins
Girls Like Robots	publisher	Adult Swim, Popcannibal, Unity Japan
Castle Doombad	publisher	Adult Swim
Monsters Ate My Condo	publisher	PikPok
Groove Coaster	publisher	Taito Corporation
Horn	publisher	Zynga
Hank Hazard	publisher	Chillingo
Hamilton's Great Adventure	publisher	Fatshark
Super Mario Spikers	publisher	Nintendo
Penumbear	publisher	Bulkypix
ECS Electrochemistry Letters	publisher	Electrochemical Society
Bardbarian	publisher	Bulkypix
Incoboto	publisher	Fluttermind
Super Mole Escape	publisher	Adult Swim
CastleStorm	publisher	Zen Studios
Mega Mall Story	publisher	Byril
Aqua Moto Racing	publisher	Resolution Interactive
Whale Trail	publisher	Ustwo
ECS Journal of Solid State Science and Technology	publisher	Electrochemical Society
ECS Solid State Letters	publisher	Electrochemical Society
Doll Bones	publisher	McElderry Books, Scholastic Corporation
Electrochemical and Solid State Letters	publisher	Electrochemical Society
The Foundling Boy	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Abyss & Apex Magazine	publisher	Wendy S. Delmater
Shark	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing PLC
Imouto Paradise 2	publisher	Enterbrain
Imouto Paradise 2	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Imouto Paradise 2	publisher	Paradigm
Diary of a Short-Sighted Adolescent	publisher	Editura Minerva
Walk the Wild Road	publisher	Sourcebooks , CB Creative
Translational Neurodegeneration	publisher	BioMed Central
Out of the Darkness	publisher	Puffin Books , CB Creative
Time Bomb	publisher	Puffin Books , Tricycle Press , CB Creative
Getting Free	publisher	Oxford University Press
Getting Free	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Getting Free	publisher	E. P. Dutton
Getting Free	publisher	Heinemann
Ship of Ghosts	publisher	Barrington Stoke
Motocross Madness	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Crash and Burn	publisher	Touchstone Books
Partners in Crime	publisher	Barrington Stoke
Buddy's Song	publisher	J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd , Heinemann, Puffin Books, CB Creative
Buddy's Blues	publisher	Viking Press , Puffin Books, CB Creative
Rabbids Big Bang	publisher	Ubisoft
Ghost Game	publisher	Heinemann
The Horror at Oakdeene	publisher	Arkham House
Heavy Object	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Heavy Object	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Poetics Today	publisher	Duke University Press
Italian Studies in Southern Africa	publisher	Association of Professional Italianists in South Africa
Beaver Towers	publisher	Abelard-Schuman , Knight, Galaxy, Puffin Books
Beaver Towers: the Witch's Revenge	publisher	Abelard-Schuman , Knight, Galaxy, Puffin Books
Summer Love	publisher	Fine Print
Beaver Towers: the Dangerous Journey	publisher	Andersen Press, Knight, Galaxy, Puffin Books
Beaver Towers: the Dark Dream	publisher	Puffin Books
The Finders	publisher	Viking Press , Puffin Books, Barn Owl Books, CB Creative
Educational Psychology Review	publisher	Springer Publishing
The Red Queen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Kingmaker's Daughter	publisher	Simon & Schuster
L'Égyptienne	publisher	Egyptian Feminist Union
KP: The Autobiography	publisher	Sphere
The White Princess	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The King's Curse	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Istanbul	publisher	Pegasus Spiele
Istanbul	publisher	Albi
Iowa Heritage Illustrated	publisher	State Historical Society of Iowa
Swordships of Scorpio	publisher	DAW Books
The Women of the Cousins' War	publisher	Simon & Schuster
That Extraordinary Day	publisher	Everest Media, Belgrade
Five Nights at Freddy's 2	publisher	Scott Cawthon
The Rosie Project	publisher	Text Publishing
Endless Legend	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
This Changes Everything	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Astor Orphan	publisher	HarperCollins
Atmospheric Environment	publisher	Elsevier
The Faith Instinct	publisher	Penguin Books
Star Wars Battle Pod	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Terra Battle	publisher	Mistwalker
The Book of My Lives	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Little House	publisher	HarperCollins
My Awakening: A Path to Racial Understanding	publisher	Free Speech Press
Planning Perspectives	publisher	Routledge
You Are One of Them	publisher	Penguin Press
Al Muharrir	publisher	Socialist Union of Popular Forces
The Body Book	publisher	HarperCollins
Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American College of Sports Medicine
Underneath the Southern Cross	publisher	Hardie Grant Books
Ponting: At the Close of Play	publisher	HarperSport
Acta Neurobiologiae Experimentalis	publisher	Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology and the Polish Neuroscience Society
Outlaw Pete	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Shouldn't You Be in School%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Endgame: The Calling	publisher	HarperCollins
The Pirates of Zan	publisher	Ace Books
Prince of Scorpio	publisher	DAW Books
Al Amal	publisher	Neo Destour Party
The Innovators: How a Group of Inventors, Hackers, Geniuses, and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Things That Matter: Three Decades of Passions, Pastimes and Politics	publisher	Crown Forum
Eternity's Wheel	publisher	HarperTeen, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers
Revolution 60	publisher	Giant Spacekat
Le Renouveau	publisher	Constitutional Democratic Rally
Kill the Messenger	publisher	Nation Books
Vatan Aur Desh	publisher	Lokbharti Prakashan
Desh Ka Bhavishya	publisher	Lokbharti Prakashan
Four from Planet 5	publisher	Fawcett Publications
Hit It Rich!	publisher	Zynga
Dirty Sexy Politics	publisher	Hyperion Books
Learning & Behavior	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Psychonomic Society
1636: The Devil's Opera	publisher	Baen Books
The Abyss Beyond Dreams	publisher	Pan Macmillan
The Abyss Beyond Dreams	publisher	Del Rey Books
Focus on Alternative and Complementary Therapies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain
Jacob Jones and the Bigfoot Mystery	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
The Devil's Men	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
2 Die 4	publisher	Barrington Stoke
Manhounds of Antares	publisher	DAW Books
Terrific Tales	publisher	Valancourt Books
The Beckoning Shore	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Forever to Remain	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Journal of Emergency Nursing	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Emergency Nurses Association
The Hairstons: An American Family in Black and White	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Breaking the Ice	publisher	Black & Green Games
The Utility of Force	publisher	Allen Lane
The Pathway of the Sun	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Deathless	publisher	Tor Books
The World America Made	publisher	Alfred P. Knopf
Shimoneta	publisher	Shogakukan
Shimoneta	publisher	Mag Garden
Palindromes and Anagrams	publisher	Dover Publications
The Valleys Beyond	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Transformers: The Covenant of Primus	publisher	47
Photonic Sensors	publisher	University of Electronic Science and Technology of China and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg
Cryptozoic Man	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Grouch	publisher	Big City Games
Language on Vacation	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Big Miracle	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Free Market Fairness	publisher	Princeton University Press
Sound! Euphonium	publisher	Takarajimasha
Sound! Euphonium	publisher	Takarajimasha
The Challenge	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Two hundred and one miniature tales	publisher	De los Cuatro Vientos
The Case of Hana & Alice	publisher	Shogakukan
Nomina im Indogermanischen Lexikon	publisher	Universitätsverlag Winter
The Son of Sobek	publisher	Disney Hyperion and Puffin Books
Santiniketan: The Making of a Contextual Modernism	publisher	National Gallery of Modern Art
Black Music Research Journal	publisher	University of Illinois Press
With the Century	publisher	Pyongyang: Workers' Party of Korea Publishing House
With the Century	publisher	Pyongyang: Foreign Languages Publishing House
Macross II: The Role-Playing Game	publisher	Palladium Books
Macross II: The Role-Playing Game	publisher	Dream Pod 9
Ghosts of Albion Roleplaying Game	publisher	Eden Studios, Inc.
The Scarlet Frontier	publisher	Angus and Robertson
They Came from the Sea	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Fury	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Maelstrom	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Robina	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Shining Harvest	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Time and Chance	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Big Country	publisher	Angus and Robertson
James! Don't Be a Fool	publisher	Cornstalk Publishing
James! How Dare You	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Lawrence, Prince of Mecca	publisher	Cornstalk Publishing
Make Me	publisher	Bantam Press
Make Me	publisher	Dell Publishing
Whitehall	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Alicia Deane	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Conflict	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Far Caravan	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Dark Interlude	publisher	Angus & Robertson
The Shape of Green	publisher	Island Press
Halo: Spartan Strike	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Pay Any Price: Greed, Power, and Endless War	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Planet Explorers	publisher	Pathea Games
Pugacioff	publisher	Edizioni Alpe
The Gardener	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Owlboy	publisher	D-Pad Studio
Malaria Journal	publisher	BioMed Central
Revista Cubana de Física	publisher	Sociedad Cubana de Física and the Physics Faculty
Sri Lanka's Secrets: How the Rajapaksa Regime Gets Away with Murder	publisher	Monash University Publishing, Australia
International Journal on Media Management	publisher	Routledge
Fallen In Love	publisher	Random House
Skull Caps	publisher	Ubisoft Entertainment
Crawl To Me	publisher	IDW Publishing
Sentinels of the Multiverse: The Video Game	publisher	Handelabra Games
The Lady of Glenwith Grange	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The One Woman: A Story of Modern Utopia	publisher	Doubleday, Page
Get Off My Ship: Ensign Berg v. the US Navy	publisher	Viking Press
The Soprano State	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Grasshopper Jungle	publisher	Penguin books  Electric Monkey
Who Will Remember the People...	publisher	Éditions Robert Laffont
Hanns and Rudolf	publisher	Penguin Random House
The Last Innocent White Man in America	publisher	New Press
Al Ahali	publisher	National Progressive Unionist Party
March of the Machines	publisher	University of Illinois Press
Comrades: A Story of Social Adventure in California	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
The Root of Evil	publisher	Doubleday, Page & company
Sesame Street: Cookie's Counting Carnival	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Sesame Street: Ready, Set, Grover!	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Sesame Street: Elmo's A-to-Zoo Adventure	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Sesame Street: Elmo's Musical Monsterpiece	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Community Chickens	publisher	Bryan Welch
Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon%3F	publisher	SB Creative
Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon%3F	publisher	Square Enix
Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon%3F	publisher	SB Creative
Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon%3F	publisher	Square Enix
Albania Defiant	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
Albania Defiant	publisher	Monthly Review
In the Small, Small Pond	publisher	Square Fish
Outlast 2	publisher	Red Barrels
NHL 2K	publisher	2
Big Girls Don't Cry	publisher	Free Press
What Is Marriage%3F Man and Woman: A Defense	publisher	Encounter Books
Die Woche	publisher	August Scherl Verlag
Gala	publisher	Prisma Media
Super PickUps	publisher	XS Games
DT Racer	publisher	XS Games
Conscience and Its Enemies	publisher	ISI Books
Blackveil	publisher	DAW Books
Reviews on Environmental Health	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Royal Society Open Science	publisher	The Royal Society
Grandpa Green	publisher	Roaring Brook Press
Locomotive	publisher	An imprint of Simon and Schuster Children's Publishing
Berliner Lokal-Anzeiger	publisher	August Scherl Verlag
November Blues	publisher	Simon Pulse
The Tailor of Panama	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Tailor of Panama	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Arts Education Policy Review	publisher	Routledge
This is Not My Hat	publisher	Candlewick Press
Arena of Antares	publisher	DAW Books
What the Day Owes the Night	publisher	Heinemann
Castrol Honda SuperBike World Champions	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Thelitcham Monthly	publisher	Darul Huda Islamic University
The Sins of the Father: A Romance of the South	publisher	D. Appleton and Co.
Competition & Change	publisher	Sage Publications
Lily's Crossing	publisher	Delacorte Press
Bomb: The Race to Build—and Steal—the World's Most Dangerous Weapon	publisher	Roaring Brook Press
Three Times Lucky	publisher	The Penguin Group
Splendors and Glooms	publisher	Candlewick Press
The Year of Billy Miller	publisher	Greenwillow Books
Physics for Future Presidents	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Wicked + The Divine	publisher	Image Comics
The White-Luck Warrior	publisher	The Overlook Press
The White-Luck Warrior	publisher	& Orbit
Hell's Doorway	publisher	Jackson & O'Sullivan
Joysound Dive	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
High Hunt	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Who Speaks for the Negro%3F	publisher	Random House; reprinted by Yale University Press in 2014
Interface	publisher	Electrochemical Society
Castrol Honda Superbike Racing	publisher	US Electronic Arts
Castrol Honda Superbike Racing	publisher	EU THQ
Castrol Honda Superbike Racing	publisher	Jap Success
Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind	publisher	Harper
Manga Dogs	publisher	Kodansha
Castrol Honda Superbike 2000	publisher	EU & US & Jap Midas Interactive
Bow Wow	publisher	Shogakukan
Flames of Convention	publisher	Jackson & O'Sullivan
Go! Princess PreCure	publisher	Kodansha
Acta Neurologica Belgica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Spider-Gwen	publisher	Marvel Comics
Pirate101	publisher	KingsIsle Entertainment
Where Gods Are Vain	publisher	Jackson & O'Sullivan
Tobacco Control	publisher	BMJ Group
Ella Morris	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Warrior of World's End	publisher	DAW Books
Mosby's Dictionary of Medicine, Nursing & Health Professions	publisher	Mosby imprint of Elsevier
Beyond Language	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Fifth Assassin	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
The Whites	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
A Man of Destiny	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
Rock End	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
The Redemption	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
The Mad Doctor	publisher	Jackson & O'Sullivan
Broken Wings	publisher	Jackson & O'Sullivan
The Defender	publisher	Jackson & O'Sullivan
Exemplaria	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Georgia State University Law Review	publisher	Georgia State University College of Law
Fever	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
Shadows Over Rangoon	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
No Rainbow in the Sky	publisher	H. John Edwards
No Rainbow in the Sky	publisher	Leisure Productions
No Love to Give	publisher	Harcourt Press
Shall Come a Time	publisher	Harcourt Press
Sky Full of Thunder	publisher	Harcourt Press
A Mountain for Monique	publisher	Harcourts
The Dark Abyss	publisher	H. John Edwards
Oasis of Shalimar	publisher	H John Edwards
Roof Over Heaven	publisher	H. John Edwards
Out of the Dawn	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
The Night Closed Down	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
They Lived That Spring	publisher	F. J. Thwaites
Castrol Honda VTR	publisher	EU Midas Games
Castrol Honda VTR	publisher	Jap Success
Lexikon der indogermanischen Partikeln und Pronominalstämme	publisher	Universitätsverlag Winter
The Real Jane Austen: A Life in Small Things	publisher	Harper Perennial
Discovering Scarfolk	publisher	Ebury Publishing
The Staff of Serapis	publisher	Disney Hyperion and Puffin Books
You're Not You	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Local Rag	publisher	Gary D. Robson
Journal of Neuro-Oncology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
FASTER: 100 Ways To Improve Your Digital life	publisher	Penguin Group
Sakura Spirit	publisher	Sekai Project
The Broken Eye	publisher	Orbit Books
Rugrats: Time Travelers	publisher	THQ
Die Staatsbürgerin	publisher	Gertrud Guillaume-Schack
The Just City	publisher	Tor
The Girl in the Green Sweater: A Life in Holocaust's Shadow	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Traitor: A Story of the Fall of the Invisible Empire	publisher	Doubleday, Page
The Foolish Virgin: A Romance of Today	publisher	D. Appleton and company
White Wolf	publisher	Bantam Press
Medicine Walk	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Carnivores Cityscape	publisher	Infogrames
Geophysics	publisher	Society of Exploration Geophysicists
The Call of the Toad	publisher	Steidl
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D	publisher	Nintendo
Saaya	publisher	Fine Print
The Journal of Mental Health Policy and Economics	publisher	International Center of Mental Health Policy and Economics
The Blu Ribbon Revolution	publisher	Cyber Tech Publications
The Initiation	publisher	HarperCollins
Absolution	publisher	Scribner's
The Elite	publisher	HarperTeen
To The Last Breath	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Sensibility Objectified: The Sculptures of Sarbari Roy Choudhury	publisher	Mapin Publishing
The Book of Fate	publisher	Hachette Book Group USA
The Zero Game	publisher	Warner Books
Trees	publisher	Image Comics
The First Counsel	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Dead Even	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Tenth Justice	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Lumberjanes	publisher	Boom! Studios
I Am Abraham Lincoln	publisher	Dial Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Penguin Group  Inc.,
Overwatch	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
The Four Men: a Farrago	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Not That Kind of Girl	publisher	Random House
Venmurasu	publisher	Natrinai Pathippagam
Venmurasu	publisher	Kizhakku Pathippagam
Disney's Mulan	publisher	THQ
Marune: Alastor 933	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Bazaar of Bad Dreams	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Supreme Snowboarding	publisher	Infogrames
Jornal de Letras, Artes e Ideias	publisher	Impresa
Sábado	publisher	Cofina
Fliers of Antares	publisher	DAW Books
Journal of Quantitative Criminology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Social Science Research	publisher	Elsevier
Full Force and Effect	publisher	Putnam Adult
Stonewielder	publisher	Bantam Books
Stonewielder	publisher	Tor Books
Orb, Sceptre, Throne	publisher	Bantam Books
Orb, Sceptre, Throne	publisher	Tor Books
Blood and Bone	publisher	Bantam Books
Blood and Bone	publisher	Tor Books
Forge of Darkness	publisher	Bantam Books
Forge of Darkness	publisher	Tor Books
Presso	publisher	Alma Media
Acupuncture & Electro-Therapeutics Research	publisher	Cognizant Communication Corporation
The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom	publisher	Square Fish
Paperboy	publisher	Delacorte Press
Comical Psychosomatic Medicine	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Life Is Strange	publisher	Square Enix
Super Mahjong Taikai	publisher	Koei
Making Waves: Irving Dardik and His Superwave Principle	publisher	Rodale Books
Jack Lumber	publisher	Sega , Owlchemy Labs on PC, Mac, Linux
UNIX Network Programming	publisher	Prentice Hall
UNIX Network Programming	publisher	Addison-Wesley
Chewing Gum	publisher	DARF Publishers
Écoscience	publisher	Laval University
Castle Town Dandelion	publisher	Houbunsha
The Butterfly Mosque	publisher	Atlantic Monthly
Little Red Lies	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
41: A Portrait of My Father	publisher	Crown Publishers
Hachimitsu ni Hatsukoi	publisher	Shogakukan
Quartet for the End of Time	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Sky Punks	publisher	Rovio Stars
Aokana: Four Rhythm Across the Blue	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
Officer Down	publisher	Minotaur Books
Houseki no Kuni	publisher	Kodansha
ReRe Hello	publisher	Shueisha
Mega Man	publisher	Archie Comics
Mega Man	publisher	Capcom
Young Miss Holmes	publisher	Media Factory
Modern Meat	publisher	Random House
Jūhan Shuttai!	publisher	Shogakukan
Epigenetics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Disco Zoo	publisher	NimbleBit
Makers: The New Industrial Revolution	publisher	Crown Business
One Piece: Pirate Warriors 3	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Fashizmi	publisher	Albanian Fascist Party
Liktori	publisher	Albanian Fascist Party
Këmisha e zezë	publisher	Albanian Fascist Party
British Diplomacy and the Armenian Question from the 1830s to 1914	publisher	Gomidas Institute
Eternal Fragrance	publisher	Sureye Mehr Publication
Trusted Mole	publisher	Harper Collins
Erased	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions	publisher	Sierra Entertainment
Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions	publisher	Aspyr Media
Bladesman of Antares	publisher	DAW Books
Sayonara, Tama-chan	publisher	Kodansha
In Clothes Called Fat	publisher	Shufu-to-Seikatsu Sha
In Clothes Called Fat	publisher	Shodensha
In Clothes Called Fat	publisher	Bungeishunjū
Radio Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Geophysical Union and the International Union of Radio Science
Advances in Radio Science	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the German National Committee of the International Union of Radio Science
Night Film: A Novel	publisher	Random House
Kingpin	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Arago	publisher	Shogakukan
Private L.A.	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Air Conflicts: Vietnam	publisher	BitComposer Entertainment
Metaphysical Dog	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Redeployment	publisher	Penguin Press
The Voice that Challenged a Nation	publisher	Clarion Books
Show Way	publisher	Putnam Juvenile
Dark Emperor & Other Poems of the Night	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Books for Children
Tips & Tricks	publisher	Larry Flynt Publications
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon	publisher	Ubisoft
Eisenvogel	publisher	Random House
The Irrational Atheist	publisher	BenBella Books
IJmuider Courant	publisher	HDC Media
Rokka: Braves of the Six Flowers	publisher	Shueisha
Shoot to Kill	publisher	Random House
Bold They Rise	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Wheels Stop	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
Thank You for Your Service	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Complementary Therapies in Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Cognition	publisher	Elsevier
Gang Beasts	publisher	Double Fine Presents
Black Sun, Silver Moon	publisher	Shinshokan
Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius	publisher	Square Enix
A Battle of Nerves	publisher	Fayard
I Am Amelia Earhart	publisher	Dial Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Penguin Group  Inc.,
I Am Rosa Parks	publisher	Dial Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Penguin Group  Inc.,
I Am Albert Einstein	publisher	Dial Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Penguin Group  Inc.,
Heroes for My Son	publisher	HarperStudio
Growth Hacker Marketing	publisher	Portfolio Trade
Heroes for My Daughter	publisher	HarperStudio
The Back of the Turtle	publisher	Doubleday Canada
Alternative Therapies in Health and Medicine	publisher	InnoVision Health Media
Us Conductors	publisher	Random House of Canada
Us Conductors	publisher	Tin House
The Laryngoscope	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Triological Society
419	publisher	Penguin Canada
Hellgoing	publisher	House of Anansi Press
Avenger of Antares	publisher	DAW Books
Deepsix	publisher	HarperCollins
Liselotte & Witch's Forest	publisher	Hakusensha
Babylon 5 Roleplaying Game	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
The Judge Dredd Roleplaying Game	publisher	Mongoose Publishing
One Crazy Summer	publisher	Amistad
Stingaree	publisher	Charles Scribners Sons
Slime Mori Mori Dragon Quest 3	publisher	Square Enix
Crossy Road	publisher	Hipster Whale
Crossy Road	publisher	Yodo1
Mammals of Sri Lanka	publisher	Field Ornithology Group of Sri Lanka
Vicious	publisher	Tor Books
Sanzoku Diary	publisher	Kodansha
Shiki no Zenjitsu	publisher	Shogakukan
American Journal of Hypertension	publisher	Oxford University Press
Hole in My Life	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Hole in My Life	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Blazerush	publisher	Targem Games
Outrage: The Five Reasons Why O.J. Simpson Got Away with Murder	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Do You Believe in Magic%3F	publisher	HarperCollins
Do You Believe in Magic%3F	publisher	Fourth Estate
Photography & Culture	publisher	Routledge
The Story of King Arthur and His Knights	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Collected Stories of Frank Herbert	publisher	Tor Books
Veranilda	publisher	Archibald Constable
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex - First Assault Online	publisher	Nexon
In the Year of Jubilee	publisher	Lawrence & Bullen
An American Plague	publisher	Clarion Books
Carver: A Life in Poems	publisher	Front Street, an imprint of Boyds Mills Press
Asia-Pacific Journal of Atmospheric Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Korean Meteorological Society
New York City Administrative Code	publisher	New York Legal Publishing Corporation
New York City Rules	publisher	New York Legal Publishing Corporation
Denzil Quarrier	publisher	Lawrence & Bullen
The Whirlpool	publisher	Lawrence and Bullen
Seven Myths about Education	publisher	The Curriculum Centre, Routledge
The Merman	publisher	Street & Smith
The Woman of Andros	publisher	Boni & Liveright
XCOM 2	publisher	2
Science Fiction of the Thirties	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
S	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Punch Line	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
BIS Conference	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Inflammation Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Helbeck of Bannisdale	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Lady Rose's Daughter	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Intensive Care Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
South African Journal of Botany	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the South African Association of Botanists
Quaternary Science Reviews	publisher	Elsevier
Human Pathology	publisher	Saunders
Systematic Parasitology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Case of Richard Meynell	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Eleanor	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Think Like a Freak	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Convergence	publisher	DC Comics
Molecular Nutrition & Food Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Summit of the Gods	publisher	Shueisha
Silver Shadows	publisher	Razorbill
Hire Manik Jale	publisher	Sishu Sahitya Sansad
My Hero Academia	publisher	Shueisha
Mysterious Joker	publisher	Shogakukan
The Eighth Day	publisher	Harper & Row
Redrawing India: The Teach For India Story	publisher	RandomHouse
Armada of Antares	publisher	DAW Books
Virulence	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Ice Dragon	publisher	Ace Books, anthology edition; Starscape Books, 1st edition; Harper Voyager, 2nd edition
Journal of Critical Care	publisher	Elsevier
Immunotherapy	publisher	Future Medicine
See You Tomorrow	publisher	Forlaget Oktober
Peter's Room	publisher	Faber and Faber
The Journal of Emergency Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Psychiatry Research	publisher	Elsevier
Periscope	publisher	Sega
Scooby-Doo! Who's Watching Who%3F	publisher	THQ
Before We Say Goodbye	publisher	Nutrimenti
Pediatric Critical Care Medicine	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Oncology Nursing Forum	publisher	Oncology Nursing Society
Wolf in White Van	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Pictures of Hollis Woods	publisher	[Random House Children's Books]
European Journal of Clinical Nutrition	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Great Abraham Lincoln Pocket Watch Conspiracy	publisher	St. Martin's Griffin
Seven Games of the Soul	publisher	Cryo Interactive
Riddle of the Sphinx: An Egyptian Adventure	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Samurai II: Vengeance	publisher	Madfinger Games
Mindshadow	publisher	Activision
Micromanía	publisher	HobbyPress
Micromanía	publisher	Axel Springer AG
Micromanía	publisher	BlueOcean Publishing
The Tides of Kregen	publisher	DAW Books
The Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The History of David Grieve	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Piano City	publisher	Room 8 Studio
Genetics in Medicine	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Beast Wars: The Ascending	publisher	IDW Publishing
Australian Woman's Mirror	publisher	The Bulletin
Wytches	publisher	Image Comics
Pandemic	publisher	Crown Publishing
Block N Load	publisher	Jagex Games Studio
The Turkish Journal of Pediatrics	publisher	Turkish National Pediatric Society
The Talos Principle	publisher	Devolver Digital
Latin American Research Review	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press on behalf of Latin American Studies Association
Hand to Mouth: Living in Bootstrap America	publisher	Putnam Adult
Questions of Travel	publisher	Allen and Unwin, Australia
Korobeiniki	publisher	Sovremennik
Twilight in the Desert	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Renegade of Kregen	publisher	DAW Books
Ange Vierge	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Marcella	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Research in Developmental Disabilities	publisher	Elsevier
Socialism with a Northern Accent	publisher	Lawrence & Wishart
Everyman's Rules for Scientific Living	publisher	Pan Macmillan, Australia
Chinese Standard Bible	publisher	Holman Bible Publishers
Chinese New Living Translation	publisher	Chinese Bible International
His Illegal Self	publisher	Random House, Australia
East Tower	publisher	RoseVeRte
Critical Care Clinics	publisher	Saunders
The Cookery Book of Lady Clark of Tillypronie	publisher	Constable & Robinson
Chinese Contemporary Bible	publisher	International Bible Society
Asian Journal of Andrology	publisher	Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica
The Magisterium Series	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Krozair of Kregen	publisher	DAW Books
A Rape on Campus	publisher	Rolling Stone
Foal's Bread	publisher	Allen and Unwin, Australia
Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library	publisher	Random House
Autism Research	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Etiquette & Espionage	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Afternoon of the Elves	publisher	Orchard Books
Horse-Shoe Robinson	publisher	Philadelphia: Carey, Lea & Blanchard / New York: Wiley and Long
Odd Thomas: You Are Destined to Be Together Forever	publisher	Bantam Books
Lady Connie	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
Journal of Diabetes Science and Technology	publisher	SAGE Publications
Justin Bieber: Just Getting Started	publisher	HarperCollins
Sir George Tressady	publisher	Smith, Elder & Co.
The Thuggery Affair	publisher	Faber and Faber
Nōnai Poison Berry	publisher	Shueisha
Gentlemen	publisher	Bonniers
Someone	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Dialogue of Comfort against Tribulation	publisher	Richard Tottel
Aging and Disease	publisher	JKL International on behalf of the International Society on Aging and Disease
How David Beats Goliath: Access to Capital for Contingent-Fee Law Firms	publisher	Advantage Media Group
Drawn to Death	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Black Rose Alice	publisher	Akita Shoten
Unity of Command	publisher	Dvaput
Unity of Command	publisher	2
How Google Works	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Nagareboshi Lens	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Public Health	publisher	Oxford University Press
Age 12	publisher	Shogakukan
Tokyo Alice	publisher	Kodansha
Nana to Kaoru	publisher	Hakusensha
The Ready-Made Family	publisher	Faber and Faber
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Experimental & Molecular Medicine	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Mikagura School Suite	publisher	Media Factory
The Railway	publisher	Sovremennik
Seeing the Big Picture	publisher	Greenleaf Book Group
My Wife is the Student Council President	publisher	Ichijinsha
Bitch Planet	publisher	Image Comics
Hitman Go	publisher	Square Enix
Rytlock's Critter Rampage	publisher	Arenanet
Svinalängorna	publisher	Bonniers
MapleStory 2	publisher	Nexon
Wilful Disregard	publisher	Bonniers
Wilful Disregard	publisher	Picador
Gangsters	publisher	Bonniers
Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Maturitas	publisher	Elsevier
Himouto! Umaru-chan	publisher	Shueisha
The Bomber Command War Diaries	publisher	Viking
Berry Dynamite	publisher	Shueisha
Everything I Never Told You	publisher	Penguin Press
T. Rex and the Crater of Doom	publisher	Princeton University Press
Journal of Neuroscience Methods	publisher	Elsevier
Akogare	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Clinical Neurophysiology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Christmas Oratorio	publisher	Bonniers
Dear Blue Sky	publisher	Puffin Books
Adrift	publisher	505
Minerva Medica	publisher	Edizioni Minerva Medica
Marvel: Contest of Champions	publisher	Kabam
Kalimba	publisher	Microsoft Studios
DD Fist of the North Star	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Man in a Hurry	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
City on the Moon	publisher	Ace Books
WWE Immortals	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Charming Billy	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Strange	publisher	Monte Cook Games
Annals of Intensive Care	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the French Intensive Care Society
The Striker	publisher	Wheeler Large Print Book Series
Mission Control V2	publisher	Sherston Software
A Big She-Bear	publisher	Saunje
Jetty Rats	publisher	Penguin Books
K.G. Subramanyan, a Retrospective	publisher	National Gallery of Modern Art
Ramkinkar Baij	publisher	National Gallery of Modern Art and DAG
Winger	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Lego Ninjago: Shadow of Ronin	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Weedflower	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Fenimore Fillmore: The Westerner	publisher	Planeta DeAgostini
Starlight	publisher	Image Comics
Tibet: Through the Red Box	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Minecraft: Story Mode	publisher	Telltale Games
MLB 15: The Show	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Estonian Literary Magazine	publisher	Estonian Institute
Brothers in Arms 3: Sons of War	publisher	Gameloft
Songs by George Harrison	publisher	Genesis Publications
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Keeping the Night Watch	publisher	Square Fish
Sukimasuki	publisher	Shogakukan
Uncommon Danger	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Oretachi ni Asu wa Naissu	publisher	Shogakukan
Mobius Final Fantasy	publisher	Square Enix
Danganronpa: Unlimited Battle	publisher	Spike Chunsoft
Onna no Ana	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
The Information Diet: A Case for Conscious Consumption	publisher	O'Reilly Media
Alex + Ada	publisher	Image Comics
Karasuma Kyoko no Jikenbo	publisher	Gentosha
Defending Constantine	publisher	IVP Academic
Home School	publisher	Random House
The Experienced English Housekeeper	publisher	Elizabeth Raffald
The Experienced English Housekeeper	publisher	Sold by R. Baldwin
Maestro	publisher	Futabasha
European Journal of Clinical Microbiology & Infectious Diseases	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Annals of Nuclear Energy	publisher	Elsevier
Out of My Mind	publisher	Atheneum Books For Young Readers
Radiation Protection Dosimetry	publisher	Oxford University Press
Journal of Non-Crystalline Solids	publisher	Elsevier
Health Physics	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
International Journal of Energy Research	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Journal of Environmental Radioactivity	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Nuclear Materials	publisher	Elsevier
Armageddon	publisher	Last Gasp
The Pharmacogenomics Journal	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Seizure	publisher	Elsevier
Tetris Ultimate	publisher	Ubisoft
Sally Heathcote: Suffragette	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Charlotte	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Charlotte	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Rosa	publisher	Square Fish
Journal of Materials Chemistry A	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Shakmagia	publisher	Nazra Center for Women's Studies
Princeless	publisher	
While My Pretty One Sleeps	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Materials Chemistry B	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Fright Night	publisher	Now Comics
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Imaginary Lives	publisher	Bibliothèque-Charpentier
Histoire Naturelle	publisher	Imprimerie royale
The Dead Town	publisher	Bantam Books
Annali dell'Istituto Superiore di Sanità	publisher	Istituto Superiore di Sanità
The Long Utopia	publisher	Penguin Random House
Governor Ramage R.N.	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Garden of Fools	publisher	Palimpsest Publishing House
Fool's Assassin	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Fool's Assassin	publisher	Random House Publishing Group
Ane no Kekkon	publisher	Shogakukan
Vandover and the Brute	publisher	Doubleday, Page & Company
Bondebladet	publisher	Tun Media
Yume Miru Taiyō	publisher	Shueisha
The Transactor	publisher	Commodore Canada
The Transactor	publisher	Canadian Micro Distributors
The Transactor	publisher	Transactor Publishing
The Transactor	publisher	Croftward Publishing
The Great Zoo of China	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Translational Research	publisher	Mosby
Orange	publisher	Shueisha
Orange	publisher	Futabasha
Desert God	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Sayonara Sorcier	publisher	Shogakukan
Sweetness and Lightning	publisher	Kodansha
Harmonia	publisher	VisualArt's
In the Abyss	publisher	Sir Arthur Pearson, 1st Baronet
Jolly Darkie Target Game	publisher	McLoughlin Brothers
Etotama	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Subete ga F ni Naru	publisher	Kodansha
Subete ga F ni Naru	publisher	Gentosha
The Tenants	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries	publisher	GriN Gamestudio
Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries	publisher	Rebellion Developments
The Death-Defying Pepper Roux	publisher	HarperCollins
The Death-Defying Pepper Roux	publisher	Oxford University Press
Swerve	publisher	Penguin Books
Sonic Runners	publisher	Sega
Dragon Quest Heroes: The World Tree's Woe and the Blight Below	publisher	Square Enix
The Dresden Files short fiction	publisher	Jim Butcher
The Dresden Files short fiction	publisher	Roc Books
The Dresden Files short fiction	publisher	Subterranean Press
Sa Laurera	publisher	Edes and Il Maestrale
Cute High Earth Defense Club Love!	publisher	Pony Canyon
Assassin's Creed Identity	publisher	Ubisoft
Shadow Scale	publisher	Random House
Nothing in the Rules	publisher	Street & Smith
Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World	publisher	Oxford University Press
The ABC of Castro Alves	publisher	Livraria Martins Editora, São Paulo, republished by  Companhia das Letras, 2010.
Final Horizon	publisher	Eiconic Games
International Journal of Maritime History	publisher	Sage Publications
Cry On	publisher	AQ Interactive
Journal of Radiation Research	publisher	Oxford University Press
Progress in Nuclear Energy	publisher	Elsevier
Radiation and Environmental Biophysics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Radiation Measurements	publisher	Elsevier
Rugby League Live 3	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Raven: A Journal of Vexillology	publisher	North American Vexillological Association
Neurogastroenterology & Motility	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Bahia de Todos-os-santos	publisher	Livraria Martins Editora, São Paulo, republished by  Companhia das Letras, 2012.
Mad Nurse	publisher	Firebird Software Ltd.
Yakuza 0	publisher	Sega
The Great Mathematical Problems	publisher	Profile Books
All the Birds, Singing	publisher	Random House, Australia
She Was a Queen	publisher	Ava Publishing
The Kraken Project	publisher	Forge Books
Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen	publisher	Tammi
Medical Microbiology and Immunology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Terminal Bar	publisher	Princeton Architectural Press
Tender Shoots	publisher	Nouvelle Revue Française
Review of Keynesian Economics	publisher	Edward Elgar Publishing
Reaching Tin River	publisher	William Heinemann, Australia
International Journal of Sociology	publisher	M.E.Sharpe
Kamurobamura-e	publisher	Shogakukan
Journal of Ethnobiology	publisher	Society of Ethnobiology
Pictures of the Pain	publisher	Yeoman Press
Hild	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Hild	publisher	Blackfriars Books
Feeding Time	publisher	Incubator Games
Taming a Sea-Horse	publisher	Delacorte Press
A Savage Place	publisher	Delacorte Press
Tracey Takes On	publisher	Hyperion Books
Blood Cells, Molecules and Diseases	publisher	Elsevier
Coasting	publisher	Editora Record
The Secret of The Secret	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Need for Speed: No Limits	publisher	Electronic Arts
Engineering Infinity	publisher	Solaris Books
Dead Girl Walking	publisher	Little Brown
Vägen till Klockrike	publisher	Bonnier Group
A Time on Earth	publisher	Bonnier Group
En komikers uppväxt	publisher	Norstedts förlag
My Mother Gets Married	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Carmen - Uma Biografia	publisher	Companhia das Letras
Public Health Nutrition	publisher	Cambridge University Press
In Certain Circles	publisher	Text Publishing
SpongeBob HeroPants	publisher	Activision
Unique World Records	publisher	Unique World Records Limited
Turkish Journal of Urology	publisher	Turkish Association of Urology
Journal of Materials Chemistry C	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Forge of Empires	publisher	InnoGames
International Area Studies Review	publisher	Sage Publications
The Journal of Political Philosophy	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
British Journal of Political Science	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Rescue	publisher	Stern
Quest for the Rings	publisher	Magnavox
Acta Politica	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan on behalf of the Dutch Political Science Association
Mighty Gunvolt	publisher	Inti Creates
Azure Striker Gunvolt	publisher	Inti Creates
La Nouvelle République des Pyrénées	publisher	Groupe La Dépêche
Sniper: Art of Victory	publisher	City Interactive
Sniper: Art of Victory	publisher	Navarre Corporation
Submission	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
First Family	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Hour Game	publisher	Warner Books
People of Nepal	publisher	Asia Book Corp of Amer
Split Second	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
King and Maxwell	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Target	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Animal Learning and Cognition	publisher	American Psychological Association
True Blue	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Diário Oficial da União	publisher	Federal government of Brazil
Songs by George Harrison 2	publisher	Genesis Publications
Zombie Army Trilogy	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Zombie Army Trilogy	publisher	Sold Out Sales & Marketing
Woah Dave!	publisher	MiniVisions
Differentiation	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Society of Differentiation
Bohemia in London	publisher	Chapman and Hall
The Pendragon Protocol	publisher	Snowbooks
Dragon Mania Legends	publisher	Gameloft
The Simple Truth	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Deliver Us From Evil	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Diànzǐ Yóuxì Ruǎnjiàn	publisher	China Association for Science and Technology
Sega 3D Classics Collection	publisher	Sega
God Hates Astronauts	publisher	Image Comics
Total Control	publisher	Warner Books
The Christmas Train	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
My Heart Is a Drunken Compass	publisher	Lyons Press
Coda	publisher	Heinemann, Australia
Kintu	publisher	Kwani Trust, Nairobi
The African Saga	publisher	Femrite Publications
Tropical Fish	publisher	University of Massachusetts Press
Glimpses: A Collection of Nightrunner Short Stories	publisher	Three Crow Press
Sega Arcade Gallery	publisher	Sega
The Forgotten	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Zero Day	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Nicotine & Tobacco Research	publisher	Oxford University Press
Underground: Finding the Light to Freedom	publisher	Roaring Brook Press
The Escape	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Legacy of Kain: Dead Sun	publisher	Square Enix Europe
Forza Motorsport 6	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Evolutionary Behavioral Sciences	publisher	American Psychological Association
Journal of Rural Mental Health	publisher	American Psychological Association on behalf of the National Association for Rural Mental Health
The Dreamhoppers	publisher	Laizen Comics
Lila	publisher	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
ACM Computers in Entertainment	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
First the Egg	publisher	Roaring Brook Press
Nu ska vi sjunga	publisher	Almqvist & Wiksell
A Game of Authors	publisher	WordFire Press
Angels' Fall	publisher	WordFire Press
Fire Emblem Fates	publisher	Nintendo
Eddie och Johanna	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Eddies hus	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Eddie hittar guld	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Monstret i skåpet	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Can You Whistle, Johanna%3F	publisher	Bonnier Junior
Roberta Karlsson och kungen	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
En ettas dagbok	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Vi smyger på Enok	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Mimi and the Biscuit Factory	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Mimi Gets a Grandpa	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
En barkbåt till Eddie	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Eddie och Maxon Jaxon	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
The Runaway Sleigh Ride	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
A Thorn in the Bush	publisher	WordFire Press
Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars	publisher	Nintendo
Sakura Angels	publisher	Sekai Project
Godzilla	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Good Night, Alfie Atkins	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Very Tricky, Alfie Atkins	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Raska på, Alfons Åberg	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Alfie and His Secret Friend	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Who'll Save Alfie Atkins%3F	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
You're a Sly One, Alfie Atkins!	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Is that a Monster, Alfie Atkins%3F	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Är du feg, Alfons Åberg%3F	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Var är bus-Alfons%3F	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Who's Scaring Alfie Atkins%3F	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Lycklige Alfons Åberg	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
You Have a Girlfriend, Alfie Atkins	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Kalas, Alfons Åberg!	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Hokus pokus, Alfons Åberg!	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Computational and Structural Biotechnology Journal	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Research Network of Computational and Structural Biotechnology
Bara knyt, Alfons!	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Där går Tjuv-Alfons!	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Alfons och soldatpappan	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Mera monster, Alfons!	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Assandira	publisher	Sellerio
Anna Hastings	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Decision	publisher	Doubleday
Spring Breeze Snegurochka	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Min syster är en ängel	publisher	Alfabeta bokförlag
The Disastrous Life of Saiki K.	publisher	Shueisha
Just Dance 2016	publisher	Ubisoft
The Sims 4: Outdoor Retreat	publisher	Electronic Arts
Liquid Love	publisher	Blackwell Publishers
Shadowrun: Hong Kong	publisher	Harebrained Schemes
Skräcknatten i Fasenbo	publisher	Geber
Skräcknatten i Fasenbo	publisher	Almqvist & Wiksell
The Red Sari	publisher	Roli Books
Gou-dere Sora Nagihara	publisher	Hakusensha
Corona Regia	publisher	John Bill
Journal of Dentistry	publisher	Elsevier
Chocolatier 2: Secret Ingredients	publisher	PlayFirst
Le Petit Quotidien	publisher	Jérôme Saltet
RAMiCS	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
RAMiCS	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
The Escapists	publisher	Team17
Journal of Electrocardiology	publisher	Churchill Livingstone
Hembiträdet	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Det är 1988 och har precis börjat snöa	publisher	Albert Bonniers förlag
Sid Meier's Starships	publisher	2
Innocent	publisher	Shueisha
Cloudbuilt	publisher	Rising Star Games
A God Against the Gods	publisher	Doubleday
Infinifactory	publisher	Zachtronics Industries
BDJ Team	publisher	Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the British Dental Association
Primary Dental Journal	publisher	Faculty of General Dental Practice
Borderlands: The Handsome Collection	publisher	2
Battlefleet Gothic: Armada	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Journal of Orthodontics	publisher	Maney Publishing on behalf of the British Orthodontic Society
Acta Ethologica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Behaviour	publisher	Brill Publishers
That Summer	publisher	Michael Joseph
That Summer	publisher	Coward-McCann
Otoko no Isshō	publisher	Shogakukan
Severed: The True Story of the Black Dahlia Murder	publisher	Amok Books
Pokémon Shuffle	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Until Death Do Us Part	publisher	Square Enix
Nory Ryans Song	publisher	Random House Children's Books
Saint Odd	publisher	Bantam Books
Spirituality in Clinical Practice	publisher	American Psychological Association
Psychology of Sexual Orientation and Gender Diversity	publisher	American Psychological Association
Kiss Him, Not Me	publisher	Kodansha
Aho Girl	publisher	Kodansha
Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition	publisher	Atari
Hawk	publisher	Tor Books
Drums for Rancas	publisher	Harper & Row
League of Angels	publisher	Youzu Interactive
League of Angels	publisher	GTArcade
Hibi Rock	publisher	Shueisha
Old Love	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Triage X	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
A Thing of State	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Monthly Comic Garden	publisher	Mag Garden
The Ancient Magus' Bride	publisher	Mag Garden
European Journal of Endocrinology	publisher	Bioscientifica on behalf of the European Society of Endocrinology
Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds	publisher	5
Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds	publisher	Degica
Exploding Kittens	publisher	The Oatmeal
A Call to Action: Women, Religion, Violence, and Power	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Dream of Debs	publisher	Charles H. Kerr Publishing Company
Carmen Sandiego Returns	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Poseidon's Wake	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Inter-American Journal of Philosophy	publisher	Texas A&M University
Night of the Ninja	publisher	IIE Games Corporation
Kenka Shōbai	publisher	Kodansha
Allen Drury's University series	publisher	William Morrow & Co.
Allen Drury's University series	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
AirAttack	publisher	Art In Games
Funny Girl	publisher	Penguin Books
Funny Girl	publisher	Viking Books
Gambler	publisher	Parker Brothers
Taboo Tattoo	publisher	Media Factory
Christmas Shopper Simulator	publisher	Game
WWE 2K16	publisher	2
Roommates	publisher	Riva Celso
The Questionnaire	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
My Monster Secret	publisher	Akita Shoten
The China-Pakistan Axis: Asia's New Geopolitics	publisher	C Hurst & Co Publishers Ltd.
Tales of Aravorn: Seasons of the Wolf	publisher	Winter Wolves
Michelangelo in Ravensbrück	publisher	Da Capo Press
It's a Long Story: My Life	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Girl Meets Ghost	publisher	Aladdin
Nicole	publisher	Winter Wolves
Goldfields	publisher	Jacaranda Software
Motor Mayhem	publisher	Infogrames
Naval Assault: The Killing Tide	publisher	505
Fushigi Yûgi Byakko Ibun	publisher	Shougakukan
Paris Trout	publisher	Random House
Adventures in Stationery	publisher	Profile Books
Journal of Circadian Rhythms	publisher	Ubiquity Press
H is for Hawk	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Dragnet Nation	publisher	Times Books
Vanishing Point	publisher	Shoemaker & Hoard
Oakland, Hub of the West	publisher	Continental Heritage Press
Onna no Ko tte.	publisher	Shueisha
Lego Marvel's Avengers	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Marvel's Avengers	publisher	Feral Interactive
Lego Jurassic World	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Jurassic World	publisher	Feral Interactive
Chasing the Scream	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Quraish	publisher	Dar al-Fiqr, Beirut
The Hardwood Pile	publisher	Street & Smith
A Very Strange Society	publisher	Trident Press
Golden Son	publisher	Del Rey Books
Mezase! Top Pro: Green ni Kakeru Yume	publisher	Jaleco
Virchows Archiv	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the European Society of Pathology
A Year in Arcadia: Kyllenion	publisher	Frommann and Wesselhöft
Cities XXL	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Actualidad Económica	publisher	Unidad Editorial
Women & Therapy	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Breast Cancer Research	publisher	BioMed Central
The Two Hotel Francforts	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Shota no Sushi	publisher	Kodansha
The Technician	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Wiesbadener Tagblatt	publisher	Verlagsgruppe Rhein Main
In a Dark Wood Wandering	publisher	Academy Chicago Publishers
Five Nights at Freddy's 3	publisher	Scott Cawthon
Windyridge	publisher	Herbert George Jenkins
Courage and Hesitation	publisher	Doubleday
Hero Found: The Greatest POW Escape of the Vietnam War	publisher	HarperCollins
Egypt: The Eternal Smile	publisher	Doubleday
A Good African Story: How a Small Company Built a Global Coffee Brand	publisher	The Bodley Head
Building the Nation and Other Poems	publisher	Fountain Publishers
The price of memory after the tsunami	publisher	Mallory Publishing
Go Set a Watchman	publisher	HarperCollins
Go Set a Watchman	publisher	Heinemann
The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl	publisher	Marvel Comics
Grow Home	publisher	Ubisoft
13 Hours	publisher	Twelve
Tetris 2	publisher	Nintendo
Annals of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology
MetaHorror	publisher	Dell Publishing
Arbetarhistoria	publisher	Swedish Labour Movement Archives and Library
The Architecture of Fear	publisher	Arbor House
Little Deaths	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
The Penguin Book of Modern Fantasy by Women	publisher	Arbor House
Silver Birch, Blood Moon	publisher	Avon Books
The Museum of Horrors	publisher	Leisure Books
The Green Man: Tales from the Mythic Forest	publisher	Viking Books
Madras Musings	publisher	S. Muthiah
Scion of Ikshvaku	publisher	Westland Press
The Sims 4: Get to Work	publisher	Electronic Arts
Strange Tales	publisher	Tartarus Press
The Fair Folk	publisher	Book of the Month Club
Bear	publisher	McClelland & Stewart
Inferno	publisher	Tor Books
My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me	publisher	Penguin Books
American Fantastic Tales	publisher	Library of America
Environment International	publisher	Elsevier
Atma bodha	publisher	Original: 8th century AD; Reprinted in 1947 by Sri Ramakrishna Math, Chennai
Tuareg	publisher	Goldmann Wilhelm GmbH
Behavioural Pharmacology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Horse Racing	publisher	Mattel
The Book Of Strange New Things	publisher	Hogarth Press
The First Civil Right	publisher	Oxford University Press
Snapping: America's Epidemic of Sudden Personality Change	publisher	1
Snapping: America's Epidemic of Sudden Personality Change	publisher	2
The History of Nordic Women's Literature	publisher	KVINFO
Tetris Battle Gaiden	publisher	Bullet Proof Software
Madras Rediscovered	publisher	East-West Books  Ltd
Bailey's Cafe	publisher	Vintage Books
Hound Music	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Scientific Study of Literature	publisher	John Benjamins Publishing Company
Apotheon	publisher	Alientrap
A Fighting Chance	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Game Tengoku	publisher	Jaleco
Ultra B	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
The Johns Hopkins Medical Journal	publisher	Johns Hopkins Press
Common Knowledge%3F: An Ethnography of Wikipedia	publisher	Stanford University Press
Women's Health Issues	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Jacobs Institute of Women's Health
Hans Kloss	publisher	LK Avalon
Million Doll	publisher	Comic Smart
Million Doll	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
Everlasting Summer	publisher	Independent game development
Aké: The Years of Childhood	publisher	Rex Collings
Aké: The Years of Childhood	publisher	Random House
Shishunki Bitter Change	publisher	Holp Shuppan
Summa de arithmetica	publisher	Paganino Paganini
The Moral Case for Fossil Fuels	publisher	Portfolio Hardcover
Boys Over Flowers Season 2	publisher	Shueisha
The Columbian Exchange	publisher	Greenwood Publishing Group
Planet of the Apes: The Primate Directive	publisher	IDW Publishing
The Revised Fundamentals of Caregiving	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
The Secret Place	publisher	Viking Penguin
The Crossover	publisher	HMH Books for Young Readers
Travail, Genre et Sociétés	publisher	L'Harmattan
Asian Women	publisher	The Research Institute of Asian Women
Human Vaccines & Immunotherapeutics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Ysgarth	publisher	Ragnarok Games
Svea Rike	publisher	Levande böcker
Nutrition	publisher	Elsevier
Science Advances	publisher	American Association for the Advancement of Science
NBA 2K16	publisher	2
Svea Rike II	publisher	Levande böcker
American Machinist	publisher	Penton
Warheart	publisher	Tor Books
Mushoku Tensei	publisher	Media Factory
Energy Technology	publisher	Wiley-VCH
Soul River	publisher	Inetekti
1636: Seas of Fortune	publisher	Baen Books
1636: Commander Cantrell in the West Indies	publisher	Baen Books
The AWK Programming Language	publisher	Addison Wesley
Puyopuyo!! Quest	publisher	Sega, Sega Networks
Frontiers: A Journal of Women Studies	publisher	Ohio State University via University of Nebraska Press
Amazon Trail 3rd Edition	publisher	The Learning Company
The Oregon Trail	publisher	Crave Entertainment
The Oregon Trail 3rd Edition	publisher	MECC
Invitation to Sociology: A Humanistic Perspective	publisher	Doubleday
The Oregon Trail 4th Edition	publisher	The Learning Company
Deception IV: The Nightmare Princess	publisher	Tecmo Koei
Atlantia	publisher	the Penguin Group
Where in North Dakota Is Carmen Sandiego%3F	publisher	Broderbund
A Rumor of Angels: Modern Society and the Rediscovery of the Supernatural	publisher	Doubleday
Politics as Usual: What Lies Behind the Pro-Poor Rhetoric	publisher	Polity, 2010
The Art of Listening	publisher	Constable & Robinson
The Wolf of Wall Street	publisher	Bantam Books
International Gymnast Magazine	publisher	Paul Ziert
International Gymnast Magazine	publisher	Bart Conner
Materials Horizons	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Nancy Drew: Sea of Darkness	publisher	Her Interactive
On Aphasia	publisher	International Universities Press
The Notre Dame de Paris Mosque	publisher	Вече, Tatamis, etc.
Journey To The Forbidden China	publisher	Collier Macmillan Canada, Inc
Abyssinian Chronicles	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Maslow on Management	publisher	R. D. Irwin
The Fortress of Dr. Radiaki	publisher	Merit Studios
NBA 2K17	publisher	2
Motivation and Personality	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Homegoing	publisher	Easton Press
Plant Systematics and Evolution	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Art Front	publisher	Artists Committee of Action
Art Front	publisher	Artists Union
Feeding Everyone No Matter What	publisher	Academic Press
Religions, Values, and Peak Experiences	publisher	Ohio State University Press
That Is Not Dead	publisher	PS Publishing
My Uncle's Wedding	publisher	CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform
Lubābu l-Muhassal	publisher	Tetuan
Pokémon Tetris	publisher	Nintendo
Straight Flush	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Krinkle Krusher	publisher	Ilusis Interactive Graphics
Annual Review of Fluid Mechanics	publisher	Annual Reviews
Marvel Puzzle Quest	publisher	D3 Publisher
Creatures of the Cosmos	publisher	Westminster Press
Defender	publisher	Williams Electronics
Tokyo Crash Mobs	publisher	Nintendo
Language and Language Disturbances	publisher	Grune & Stratton
The Organism: A Holistic Approach to Biology Derived from Pathological Data in Man	publisher	Den Haag, Nijhoff
Recipe for Disaster	publisher	Fountain Publishers
Fate of the Banished	publisher	Fountain Publishers
Footprints of the Outsider	publisher	Fountain Publishers
Danchigai	publisher	Ichijinsha
Monkey Brains	publisher	Arush Entertainment
The Moral Arc	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Nineteenth-Century French Studies	publisher	University of Nebraska Press
How to Be Both	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Indian Journal of Gender Studies	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Indian Council of Social Science Research
The Slaughtering Grounds	publisher	Digital Homicide Studios
Atheïstisch manifest	publisher	Bert Bakker
Bird Box	publisher	Harper Voyager
Etrian Odyssey V	publisher	Atlus
Kamikaze Explorer!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Kamikaze Explorer!	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Awful Auntie	publisher	HarperCollins
Crusader Kings II: Sons of Abraham	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Town Doctor Jumbo!!	publisher	Kodansha
The Adventurer	publisher	LucasArts
Two Tigers	publisher	Midway Games
10:04	publisher	Faber & Faber
10:04	publisher	Granta
Tower of Heaven	publisher	Askiisoft
International Journal of Feminist Approaches to Bioethics	publisher	University of Toronto Press
Second Live	publisher	Doubleday
Second Live	publisher	HarperCollins
Gender and Language	publisher	Equinox Publishing on behalf of the International Gender and Language Association
Grand Masters' Choice	publisher	NESFA Press
Public Health Reports	publisher	Association of Schools and Programs of Public Health on behalf of the United States Public Health Service
Les Chemins de Katmandou	publisher	Presses de la Cité
A Matter of Time	publisher	Berkley Pub. Group
Beautiful Bones: Sakurako's Investigation	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Research and Practice for Persons with Severe Disabilities	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of TASH
Learning Disability Quarterly	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Hammill Institute on Disabilities
A Season in the Life of Emmanuel	publisher	Grasset
A Season in the Life of Emmanuel	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
A Season in the Life of Emmanuel	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Adult Learning	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Association for Adult and Continuing Education
We Were Liars	publisher	Delacorte Press
Journal of Experiential Education	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Association for Experiential Education
New York Nights 2: Friends For Life	publisher	Gameloft
Paris Nights	publisher	Gameloft
Rethinking Islam	publisher	Westview Press
Fire and Stone	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood	publisher	Roll7
OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood	publisher	Devolver Digital
OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood	publisher	Team17
OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood	publisher	BadLand Games
China Misperceived	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
Health & Place	publisher	Elsevier
The Naked Society	publisher	David McKay Publications
Understanding Privacy	publisher	Harvard University Press
Jolly Jam	publisher	Rovio Stars
Futagashira	publisher	Shogakukan
The Village in the Jungle	publisher	Edward Arnold
Urban Legend in Limbo	publisher	Twilight Frontier
MysticTales: Legend of the Janovi Gem	publisher	Iron Thunder
The Robot Scientist's Daughter	publisher	Mayapple Press
Will O' the Wisp	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Bumbardai	publisher	Image Comics
ChemSusChem	publisher	Wiley-VCH on behalf of ChemPubSoc Europe
Ongoingness	publisher	Graywolf Press
Echo of Soul	publisher	Aeria Games
Echo of Soul	publisher	NHN Entertainment  Changyou.com
New Formations	publisher	Lawrence and Wishart
Aurion: Legacy of the Kori-Odan	publisher	Kiro'o Games, Plug-In Digital
Principles of Corporate Finance	publisher	Irwin
Orphan Black	publisher	IDW Publishing
Joy of Man's Desiring	publisher	Éditions Grasset
The Clothes on Their Backs	publisher	Scribner
Robertsoner Ruby	publisher	Ananda Publishers
F1 2015	publisher	Codemasters
F1 2015	publisher	Feral Interactive
Orphan Black: Sarah	publisher	IDW Publishing
Altazor	publisher	Compañía Iberoamericana de Publicaciones
Palace of the Peacock	publisher	Faber & Faber
Bombshell	publisher	3
Indomitable	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Weapon Master's Choice	publisher	Del Rey Books
L'Anneau du pêcheur	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
Mightier Than the Sword	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Mightier Than the Sword	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Isaac's Storm	publisher	Random House
The Zippity Zinger	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Rock Band 4	publisher	Harmonix
The Book of Unwritten Tales 2	publisher	Nordic Games
The Book of Unwritten Tales 2	publisher	The Adventure Company (  )
Chimica Oggi - Chemistry Today	publisher	Tekno Scienze Publisher
Aoharu x Machinegun	publisher	Square Enix
AoB Plants	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of  the Annals of Botany Company
The Peppered Moth	publisher	Viking Press
The Peppered Moth	publisher	Harcourt
Our Spoons Came from Woolworths	publisher	Eyre & Spottiswoode
Broken Dreams: Vanity, Greed and the Souring of British Football	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Prisoner of Heaven	publisher	Harper Collins
The Prisoner of Heaven	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
The Bastard of Istanbul	publisher	Viking Adult
The Shadowhunter's Codex	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016	publisher	Konami
A Brief History of Seven Killings	publisher	Riverhead Books
Journal of Mathematical Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Crusader Kings II: Sword of Islam	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Women Painters of the World	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Steven Universe: Attack the Light!	publisher	Cartoon Network
Men-of-War: Life in Nelson's Navy	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Queen of the Caribbean	publisher	ROH Press
The Queen of the Caribbean	publisher	Donath
AIDS and Behavior	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Angry Birds 2	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
The Big Chapel	publisher	Pan Books
Agro FOOD Industry Hi Tech	publisher	Tekno Scienze Publisher
Traci Lords: Underneath It All	publisher	HarperCollins
Journal of Early Modern History	publisher	Brill Publishers
Scar Tissue	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Prophecy	publisher	Shueisha
Full Circle	publisher	Delacorte Press
Top Science Fiction: The Authors' Choice	publisher	J. M. Dent
The Castle of Argol	publisher	José Corti
Contemporary Women's Writing	publisher	Oxford University Press
Kockroach	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Kockroach	publisher	Harper Collins
Noct	publisher	Devolver Digital
Necropolis	publisher	Windows, OS X
Necropolis	publisher	Harebrained Schemes
Necropolis	publisher	PlayStation 4, Xbox One
Necropolis	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Allure of Chanel	publisher	Éditions Hermann
We Others: New and Selected Stories	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
We Others: New and Selected Stories	publisher	Corsair
Shaman	publisher	Orbit
Outer Wilds	publisher	Mobius Digital
Experimental Parasitology	publisher	Elsevier
Theatrhythm Dragon Quest	publisher	Square Enix
History of the Hanbalites	publisher	al-Maʻhad al-Faransī lil-Dirāsāt al-ʻArabīyah, Dimashq
BMGN: Low Countries Historical Review	publisher	Royal Netherlands Historical Society
Rat Trap	publisher	Michael Joseph
Rat Trap	publisher	& Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Hanakun to Koisuru Watashi	publisher	Kodansha
Honey So Sweet	publisher	Shueisha
Inuyashiki	publisher	Kodansha
Tembo the Badass Elephant	publisher	Sega
Joō no Hana	publisher	Shogakukan
The Foundling's War	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Bill Bergson, Master Detective	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
Newspaper Research Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Stalking the Night Fantastic	publisher	Tri Tac Games
A Composer's Guide to Game Music	publisher	--08-26
The Long Song	publisher	Charnwood
GAIA	publisher	Oekom verlag
Except the Dying	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Except the Dying	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Horton and the Kwuggerbug and More Lost Stories	publisher	Redbook
Horton and the Kwuggerbug and More Lost Stories	publisher	Random House
Shadow of the Demon Lord	publisher	Schwalb Entertainment, LLC
Asahinagu	publisher	Shogakukan
The Shepherd's Crown	publisher	Doubleday Childrens
Firewatch	publisher	Panic
Firewatch	publisher	Campo Santo
Humble Before the Void	publisher	
1979	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
Beyond	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Battlestar Galactica: The Board Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Fight Club 2	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Dungeon Hunter 5	publisher	Gameloft
Crime Fighter	publisher	Task Force Games
Territorial Rights	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Territorial Rights	publisher	Coward, McCann & Geoghegan
Satyanweshi	publisher	P.C. Sorkar and Sons also anthologized by Ananda Publishers
The Survivor	publisher	Emily Bestler Books
Melanie's Marvelous Measles	publisher	self-published
Civilizing the Economy	publisher	Cambridge University Press
ACM Transactions on Algorithms	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
I Am Radar	publisher	Penguin Press
Batman: Arkham Origins	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Three Moments of an Explosion: Stories	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Godbody	publisher	Donald I. Fine
Endocrine-Related Cancer	publisher	Bioscientifica on behalf of the Society for Endocrinology
Allanon's Quest	publisher	Del Rey Books
Parasitology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Murdstone Trilogy	publisher	David Fickling Books
Deutsche Entomologische Zeitschrift	publisher	Pensoft Publishers on behalf of the Museum für Naturkunde
Zoosystematics and Evolution	publisher	Pensoft Publishers on behalf of the Museum für Naturkunde
Clover	publisher	Akita Shoten
Signal to Noise	publisher	Solaris Books
Beyond the Sky and Earth	publisher	Berkley Books
Luck Stealer	publisher	Shueisha
Wakaba Girl	publisher	Houbunsha
Evoland	publisher	Shiro Games
Um Reifenbreite	publisher	Jumbo Games
Mycological Progress	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Thrilling Adventures of Lovelace and Babbage	publisher	Pantheon Books
The Thrilling Adventures of Lovelace and Babbage	publisher	Penguin Books
Top Fantasy: The Authors' Choice	publisher	J. M. Dent
Hard Choices	publisher	Wilfrid Laurier University Press
This Thing of Darkness	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Salt and Sanctuary	publisher	Ska Studios
Angry Birds POP!	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Archives Italiennes de Biologie	publisher	University of Pisa
Women's Studies International Forum	publisher	Elsevier
Food Unwrapped	publisher	Transworld
Hard Choices	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
Satin Island	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Satin Island	publisher	Vintage
Tactical Manager 2	publisher	Black Legend Software
The Machine Question	publisher	MIT Press
Classroom Crisis	publisher	Media Factory
Shadowrun	publisher	FASA
Shadowrun	publisher	Fantasy Productions
Shadowrun	publisher	Catalyst Game Labs
Trajecta	publisher	vzw Trajecta
Maimai	publisher	Sega
Sept cavaliers	publisher	Éditions Robert Laffont
Summer at Mount Hope	publisher	Duffy & Snellgrove
Daydreamer	publisher	Atlus
Beyond Eyes	publisher	Team17
Seasons After Fall	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Spider: Rite of the Shrouded Moon	publisher	Tiger Style
The Westport Independent	publisher	Coffee Stain Studios
Copperhead	publisher	Image Comics
After the Wind	publisher	Good Hart Publishing
European Urology	publisher	Elsevier
Historia Scientiarum	publisher	History of Science Society of Japan
Hellfire	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Out Of The Unknown: Brisbane Bands 1976-1988	publisher	Time Off
Strafe	publisher	Devolver Digital
Ride	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
Studies in American Indian Literatures	publisher	University of Nebraska Press on behalf of the Association for the Study of American Indian Literatures
Time Paradox	publisher	Flair Software
Ultimate Pinball Quest	publisher	Infogrames
Ultimate Pinball Quest	publisher	BitWise Software
Volcanic Dungeon	publisher	Carnell Software
Volcanic Dungeon	publisher	Mastervision
Valhalla and the Fortress of Eve	publisher	Vulcan Software
Legion: The Legend of Excalibur	publisher	Midway Games
Caladrius	publisher	MOSS
Sydowia	publisher	Verlag Ferdinand Berger & Söhne
Second Harvest	publisher	Éditions Grasset
The First Daughter	publisher	Fountain Publishers
Fool's Quest	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Fool's Quest	publisher	Random House Publishing Group
Souls in Metal	publisher	Robert Hale Publishing
Gotham Academy	publisher	DC Comics
Jaipur	publisher	Asmodee
Jaipur	publisher	GameWorks
Guyra Argus	publisher	Fairfax Media
Three Came Home	publisher	Boston : Little, Brown and Co.
MotoGP 15	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
Planet Coaster	publisher	Frontier Developments
MXGP The Official Motocross Videogame	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
Puyopuyo!! Quest Arcade	publisher	Sega
New York	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
Becoming Steve Jobs: The Evolution of a Reckless Upstart into a Visionary Leader	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Harder They Come	publisher	HarperCollins
Sébastien Loeb Rally Evo	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
All In: How Our Work-First Culture Fails Dads, Families, and Businesses--And How We Can Fix It Together	publisher	HarperOne
The Black Irix	publisher	Del Rey Books
Frontiers of Information Technology & Electronic Engineering	publisher	Zhejiang University Press and Springer Science+Business Media
People and dogs	publisher	The National Publishing and Printing house in Cairo, Egypt
Where Are You Dying Tonight%3F	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Ungifted	publisher	HarperCollins
Final Fantasy Record Keeper	publisher	Square Enix
Death and the Dervish	publisher	Northwestern University Press
Nontraditional Love	publisher	libertypublishinghouse.com
Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Rêveuse bourgeoisie	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
A Balcony in the Forest	publisher	José Corti
Final Fantasy Legends: Toki no Suishō	publisher	Square Enix
Days Gone Bye	publisher	Image Comics
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks	publisher	Disney-Hyperion
Jet-Story	publisher	Ultrasoft
Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroics	publisher	Spike Chunsoft
The Housekeeper's Instructor	publisher	J. Stratford
Decap Attack	publisher	Sega
Modern Cookery for Private Families	publisher	Longmans
Cafe Little Wish	publisher	Digital Works
Cafe Little Wish	publisher	Princess Soft
Secret Garden: An Inky Treasure Hunt and Colouring Book	publisher	Laurence King Publishing
The Life of the Mind in America	publisher	Harcourt
The War with Mexico	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Journal of Applied Microbiology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Applied Microbiology
9th Generation	publisher	Jeff Siadek Enterprises
Aliens Adventure Game	publisher	Leading Edge Games
One Man, One Matchet	publisher	Heinemann
Lokotown and Other Stories	publisher	Heinemann
Gentleman Jole and the Red Queen	publisher	Baen Books
Journal of Zhejiang University Science A	publisher	Zhejiang University Press and Springer Science+Business Media
English Female Artists	publisher	Tinsley Brothers
Journal of Zhejiang University Science B	publisher	Zhejiang University Press and Springer Science+Business Media
The Girl in the Spider's Web	publisher	Norstedts Förlag
The Girl in the Spider's Web	publisher	Quercus
The Girl in the Spider's Web	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Creezy	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
There Should be More Dancing	publisher	Random House
Tales From the Shadowhunter Academy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
December Park	publisher	Medallion Press
Assassin's Creed Chronicles	publisher	Ubisoft
Penpal	publisher	1000
Pix the Cat	publisher	Pastagames
Pix the Cat	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Herbs and Apples	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
The Veliger	publisher	California Malacozoological Society and Northern California Malacozoological Club
Road Not Taken	publisher	Spry Fox
The Fierce Dispute	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Inside the Atom	publisher	Abelard-Schuman
Rhythm Heaven Megamix	publisher	Nintendo
Animal Crossing: Happy Home Designer	publisher	Nintendo
Under Fire	publisher	Putnam Adult
Pokémon Rumble World	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Dungeons 2	publisher	Kalypso Media
Farewell, Summer	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
A History of Pyu Alphabet	publisher	National Publishing Works
Ohio Town	publisher	Ohio State University Press
Big Huggin'	publisher	Critical Gameplay
The Ending Chronicle	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Ants of Sri Lanka	publisher	Sarvodaya Vishva Lekha
European Journal of Public Health	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Public Health Association
Broken Homes	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Foxglove Summer	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd
Education About Asia	publisher	Association for Asian Studies
Titanfall 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
City of Strangers	publisher	Cornell University Press
The Asterisk War	publisher	Media Factory
The Asterisk War	publisher	Media Factory
A Fistful of Gun	publisher	Devolver Digital
Skidz	publisher	Gremlin Graphics
En canot sur les chemins d'eau du Roi	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
KnightShift	publisher	Topware Interactive
The Orchard Book of First Greek Myths	publisher	Orchard Books
A Love Affair	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Food in England	publisher	Macdonald
Les Poneys sauvages	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Virgin	publisher	Bounty press and Paperback Publishers, Ibadan
Dayar-e-Dil	publisher	Ilm-O-Irfan Publications
List of Fire Pro Wrestling games	publisher	Human Entertainment
List of Fire Pro Wrestling games	publisher	Human Entertainment
List of Fire Pro Wrestling games	publisher	Spike
List of Fire Pro Wrestling games	publisher	BAM! Entertainment
List of Fire Pro Wrestling games	publisher	Bam! Entertainment
Mama: Love, Motherhood and Revolution	publisher	Pinter & Martin UK
Dirty Pair	publisher	Hayakawa Publishing
Principles of genetics	publisher	McGraw-Hill Publishers
Senpai to Kanojo	publisher	Kodansha
Liar x Liar	publisher	Kodansha
Days	publisher	Kodansha
So You've Been Publicly Shamed	publisher	Riverhead Books , and Pan Macmillan
I Saw Ramallah	publisher	Bloomsbury
Comparative Cytogenetics	publisher	Pensoft Publishers
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided	publisher	Square Enix
Hinomaru Zumō	publisher	Shueisha
ReLIFE	publisher	NHN PlayArt
ReLIFE	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
The Witness for the Defence	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Survivor	publisher	Synapse Software
Hori-san to Miyamura-kun	publisher	Square Enix
Earth Shaker	publisher	Your Sinclair
The Shape of a City	publisher	José Corti
Entombed	publisher	US Games
Modern Romance: An Investigation	publisher	Penguin Press
Epilepsy & Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Proxy	publisher	Philomel Books
Kasane	publisher	Kodansha
IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems	publisher	IEEE Computational Intelligence Society
IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems	publisher	IEEE Computational Intelligence Society
Kū Neru Futari Sumu Futari	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Lego Dimensions	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Un roi sans divertissement	publisher	Éditions de la Table ronde
Kōnodori	publisher	Kodansha
Golden Kamuy	publisher	Shueisha
Call of Duty: Black Ops III	publisher	Activision
Star Realms	publisher	White Wizard Games
Minions Paradise	publisher	Electronic Arts
True Love	publisher	Shogakukan
Defunct	publisher	SOEDESCO
Dissidia Final Fantasy	publisher	Square Enix
I Hate Myselfie	publisher	Keywords Press, an imprint of Simon & Schuster
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer	publisher	American Publishing Company
Tsubomi	publisher	Houbunsha
BoxBoy!	publisher	Nintendo
Gin no Spoon	publisher	Kodansha
The Flintstones	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Flintstones	publisher	Sega
Under the Sun of Satan	publisher	Plon
Aurélien	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
TurnOn	publisher	Brainy Studio LLC
Before I Hit the Stage	publisher	Outskirts Press
NASCAR '15	publisher	Dusenberry Martin Racing
NASCAR '15	publisher	Dusenberry Martin Racing
ASN Neuro	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the American Society for Neurochemistry
Danan: The Jungle Fighter	publisher	Sega
Joker Game	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Joker Game	publisher	Mag Garden
Tanaka-kun is Always Listless	publisher	Square Enix
Endoscopy	publisher	Thieme Medical Publishers on behalf of the European Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy
The Rising of the Shield Hero	publisher	Media Factory
The Rising of the Shield Hero	publisher	Media Factory
The Drum	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Project X Zone 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Nemesis Games	publisher	Orbit Books
Rajinikanth: The Definitive Biography	publisher	New Delhi, Vikings, 2012
Physik	publisher	HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing
Rive	publisher	Two Tribes Publishing
Bloodsports.TV	publisher	Fatshark
I Am Not Sidney Poitier	publisher	Graywolf Press
Journal of Social Philosophy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Eye of the Moon	publisher	Aladdin
Orion You Came and You Took All My Marbles	publisher	Milkweed Editions
Next	publisher	Back Bay Books
Star Ocean: Integrity and Faithlessness	publisher	Square Enix
Puritan Village: The Formation of a New England Town	publisher	Wesleyan University Press
Supreme Ruler Ultimate	publisher	BattleGoat Studios
Between War and Peace: The Potsdam Conference	publisher	Princeton University Press
Guitar Hero Live	publisher	Activision
Modern Greece: A History Since 1821	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
European Journal of Pain	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Knights	publisher	PD/Freeware
A Hill Above the Clouds	publisher	Globus
Cell Biochemistry and Biophysics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Goliath	publisher	Drawn and Quarterly
Venices	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Cavalier, passe ton chemin!	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Sakura Fantasy	publisher	Sekai Project
Inside My Radio	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Dark Eden	publisher	Atlantic Books
Leadville	publisher	Picador
A Dark Stranger	publisher	José Corti
One Finger Death Punch	publisher	Silver Dollar Games
One Finger Death Punch	publisher	Mobirix
The Technomancer	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Redwing	publisher	Orca Book Publishers
A Book of Mediterranean Food	publisher	John Lehmann
The Crystal Rainforest	publisher	Sherston Software
The Shape of the Beast	publisher	Viking Press
A Spool of Blue Thread	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
The Dinner	publisher	Anthos
The Song of the World	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Radiation Research	publisher	Radiation Research Society
Kaharlyk	publisher	Sergy Pantyuk Publishing House 2014 , Lyuta Sprava  Publishing House, 2015
Velveteen & Mandala	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Brown Girl Dreaming	publisher	Penguin Group
Rebel Code	publisher	Basic Books
Nightmares and Geezenstacks	publisher	Bantam Books
Le Chasseur français	publisher	Mondadori/EMAP France
War and War	publisher	Magvető Könyvkiadó
I am Bread	publisher	Bossa Studios
Interventional Neuroradiology	publisher	Sage Publications
The Neuroradiology Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
El Deafo	publisher	Amulet Books
Moccasin Trail	publisher	Coward-McCann
The Golden Day	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Cleopatra Confesses	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Gods Will Be Watching	publisher	Devolver Digital
The Man Versus the State	publisher	Williams and Norgate, London and Edinburghis
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD	publisher	Square Enix
The Great Degeneration: How Institutions Decay and Economies Die	publisher	Allen Lane
Rainbow Walker	publisher	Synapse Software
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 3	publisher	CI Games
Nibblers	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Protein & Cell	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Kokou no Hito	publisher	Shueisha
Let the Northern Lights Erase Your Name	publisher	Ecco Press
Long Riders!	publisher	Ichijinsha
Intersection	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Piece of Cake	publisher	Shodensha
Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power	publisher	Frozenbyte
X	publisher	G.P. Putnam's Sons
Black Juice	publisher	Allen and Unwin
Blue Island	publisher	Éditions Robert Laffont
The Narrow Waters	publisher	José Corti
Reading Writing	publisher	José Corti
Physics in Perspective	publisher	Birkhäuser
Madden NFL 16	publisher	EA Sports
Journal of Addiction Medicine	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Society of Addiction Medicine
Operation: Cleanstreets	publisher	Brøderbund
Amelia and Me	publisher	Flanker Press
NBA Live 16	publisher	EA Sports
NHL 16	publisher	EA Sports
Zorro	publisher	Datasoft
Zorro	publisher	U.S. Gold Ltd.
Gangstar Vegas	publisher	Gameloft
Clinton Cash	publisher	Harper
150 000 000	publisher	Gosizdat
Men of Athens	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
My Favorite Fantasy Story	publisher	DAW Books
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Old School	publisher	Abrams Books
J	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Gokujō!! Mecha Mote Iinchō	publisher	Shogakukan
Spring Night	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
Mandag Morgen	publisher	House of Mandag Morgen
Sing Down the Moon	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Dragon Ball Super	publisher	Shueisha
The Horsecatcher	publisher	Westminster Press
Asian Pacific Journal of Cancer Prevention	publisher	Asian Pacific Organization for Cancer Prevention
Five Nights at Freddy's 4	publisher	Scott Cawthon
Cat Eyed Boy	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
Cat Eyed Boy	publisher	Shogakukan
Cat Eyed Boy	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Bàrnabo delle montagne	publisher	Treves
Transplantation	publisher	Wolters Kluwer on behalf of The Transplantation Society
P.T.	publisher	Konami
Sengoku 2	publisher	SNK
The Lure of the Mask	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
12 Beast	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
TouchTone	publisher	Mikengreg
Airing in a Closed Carriage	publisher	Harper and Brothers
The Key	publisher	Rabén & Sjögren
The Key	publisher	Random House
Dirt Rally	publisher	Codemasters
Journal of the American Heart Association: Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular Disease	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the American Heart Association
Harnessing the Power of Wisdom	publisher	Nova Science Publishers
Dame na Watashi ni Koishite Kudasai	publisher	Shueisha
Yooka-Laylee	publisher	Team17
Minamoto-kun Monogatari	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Insect Science	publisher	Oxford University Press
Algorithms Unlocked	publisher	MIT Press
Martin Paz	publisher	Pierre-Jules Hetzel
Chroma Squad	publisher	Behold Studios
Chroma Squad	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Earth Surface Dynamics	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union
The Dose Makes the Poison: A Plain-Language Guide to Toxicology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Journal of Acupuncture and Meridian Studies	publisher	Elsevier
The Big Ballad Jamboree	publisher	University Press of Mississippi
Snatcher	publisher	Konami
East Minus West Equals Zero	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Tax Journal	publisher	LexisNexis
Nutrition Reviews	publisher	Oxford University Press
Teatro Grottesco	publisher	Mythos Books
Welcome, Honourable Visitors	publisher	Éditions Julliard
My Year in Iraq	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Open All Night	publisher	Nouvelle Revue Française
Gastrointestinal Endoscopy	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy
We Are... Robin	publisher	DC Comics
Finders, Keepers	publisher	Leadstart Publishing
Mr Galloway Goes to Washington	publisher	New Press
Fidel Castro Handbook	publisher	MQ Publications
The Emperor's Riddles	publisher	Amaryllis
I'm Not the Only One	publisher	Allen Lane
You Can't Say That	publisher	Faber
Cameron's Coup	publisher	Guardian Books
HIV Medicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British HIV Association
Kare Baka	publisher	Hakusensha
Kare Baka	publisher	Hakusensha
Yaana	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara, Bangalore
Open Chemistry	publisher	De Gruyter Open
Four Centuries of Modern Iraq	publisher	Garnet Publishing
No Man's Land: An Investigative Journey Through Kenya and Tanzania	publisher	Macmillan
Foundations and Trends in Econometrics	publisher	Now Publishers
Meat Market: Female Flesh Under Capitalism	publisher	Zero Books
The Price of Inequality	publisher	W.W. Norton & Company
Superpower: Three Choices for America's Role in the World	publisher	Portfolio
Kung Fu Panda: Showdown of Legendary Legends	publisher	Little Orbit
Coopetition	publisher	Crown Business
Disney Infinity 3.0	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Le Soir	publisher	Rossel et Cie SA
Along Came a Dog	publisher	Harper & Brothers
The Science Fictional Olympics	publisher	New American Library
Intervirology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Chee-Chai Alien	publisher	Creatures, Inc.
Thinking Strategically	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Journal of Human Hypertension	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The War on Witches	publisher	HarperCollins
The Image of the City	publisher	The MIT Press
Tideline	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Riot City: Protest and Rebellion in the Capital	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
City of Sin: London and its vices	publisher	Simon & Schuster UK
Bloody Nasty People: The Rise of Britain's Far Right	publisher	Verso Books
The Boy in the River	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Bedlam: London and its mad	publisher	Pocket Books
The Boat in the Evening	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
The Wurms of Blearmouth	publisher	PS Publishing
Economics of Strategy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Neue Juristische Wochenschrift	publisher	C.H. Beck
Dear Socks, Dear Buddy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Immortals	publisher	Presses de la Cité
Do the Windows Open%3F	publisher	Random House
The Unprofessionals	publisher	Random House
Open Physics	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Happy Trails to You: Stories	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Was This Man a Genius%3F	publisher	Random House
Microtrends	publisher	Twelve
FIFA 16	publisher	EA Sports
The Purple Revolution: The Year That Changed Everything	publisher	Biteback Publishing
Personal Relationships	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Association for Relationship Research
Poisoned Arrows: An investigative journey through the forbidden lands of West Papua	publisher	Michael Joseph
Underworld London: Crime and Punishment in the Capital City	publisher	Simon & Schuster UK
London Lore	publisher	Arrow Books
Disenchantment: The Guardian and Israel	publisher	Guardian Books
The House by The Thames	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Cross on Evidence	publisher	LexisNexis
Mafia State	publisher	Guardian Books
The Straw Man	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Undercover: The True Story of Britain's Secret Police	publisher	Guardian Books
Undercover: The True Story of Britain's Secret Police	publisher	Faber & Faber
Fillerbunny	publisher	Slave Labor Graphics
Blue Labour: Forging a New Politics	publisher	I.B. Tauris
Walking the Trail	publisher	Delacorte Press
Undefeated Bahamut Chronicle	publisher	SB Creative
Undefeated Bahamut Chronicle	publisher	Square Enix, GA Bunko
Hundred	publisher	SB Creative
Hundred	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Le Roi au-delà de la mer	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
Us	publisher	Hodder and Stoughton
Us	publisher	Harper
America Right or Wrong	publisher	Oxford University Press
London Under	publisher	Vintage Books
A Scandal in Belgravia	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Dark Intelligence	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Guantánamo: America's War on Human Rights	publisher	Faber & Faber
Hive Propolis	publisher	Mythos Media and HiveTech Media
Larger than Life	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Seveneves	publisher	William Morrow
Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night	publisher	505
Crossing Borders: Personal Essays	publisher	Arte Público Press
Girl in a Band	publisher	HarperCollins
Goodbye 20th Century: A Biography of Sonic Youth	publisher	Da Capo Press
Current Allergy and Asthma Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Washington University Law Review	publisher	Washington University School of Law
Blue Blood and Mutiny	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Nigeru wa Haji da ga Yaku ni Tatsu	publisher	Kodansha
The Irish Socialist	publisher	Communist Party of Ireland
The Journal of Positive Psychology	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Future Times Three	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Like Jake and Me	publisher	Yearling Books
Assassin's Creed Syndicate	publisher	Ubisoft
Nurse Hitomi's Monster Infirmary	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Castle Panic	publisher	Fireside Games
You and Me Forever	publisher	Claire Love Publishing
The Devil's Teeth	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Respirology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Asian Pacific Society of Respirology
Baptism	publisher	Quercus
The Prime Minister's Ironing Board and other State Secrets	publisher	Little, Brown
The Doll's House	publisher	Sphere
Flight MH370: The Mystery	publisher	John Blake Publishing
Je vous écris d'Italie	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Un souvenir	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Norwegian Journal of Geography	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the Norwegian Geographical Society
The Great and the Good	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
London Calling	publisher	Constable Robinson
Streetlife: The untold history of Europe's twentieth century	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Debt Collector's Due	publisher	HarperCollins India
Dōse Mō Nigerarenai	publisher	Shogakukan
Stretchmo	publisher	Nintendo
Boris v. Ken: How Boris Johnson won London	publisher	Politco's
Welsh Boys Too	publisher	Parthian Books
Sounds Like London	publisher	Serpent's Tail
London Recruits: The Secret War Against Apartheid	publisher	Merlin Press
Norwegian Journal of Geology	publisher	Norwegian Geological Society
Open Medicine	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
ITT: The Management of Opportunity	publisher	Times Books
The Hound of Florence	publisher	Simon and Schuster
Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry	publisher	Royal Society of Chemistry
Journal of Business Research	publisher	Elsevier
Photographing Fairies	publisher	Ballantine Books
Investment Valuation	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Real Bloomsbury	publisher	Seren
Cretica Chronica	publisher	Society of Cretan Historical Studies
The Strange Death of Labour Scotland	publisher	Edinburgh University Press
The Rise of the Green Left	publisher	Pluto
Bloomsbury and the Poets	publisher	Rack Press
European Journal of General Practice	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Dinner at Alberta's	publisher	Dell Publishing
Dinner at Alberta's	publisher	Penguin Books
Dinner at Alberta's	publisher	Random House
Black Magic	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom	publisher	Team Shanghai Alice
The Strange Death of David Kelly	publisher	Methuen
Goebbels: A Biography	publisher	Random House
The Pointless Book	publisher	Blink Publishing
Singing My Sister Down	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Lovers Are Never Losers	publisher	Éditions Grasset
The Irish Workers' Voice	publisher	Revolutionary Workers' Groups
The Irish Workers' Voice	publisher	Communist Party of Ireland
The Irish Workers' Voice	publisher	Irish Workers' League
The Seed	publisher	Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
Chibi-Robo!	publisher	Nintendo
Adiós, Tierra del Fuego	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
Kitty Powers' Matchmaker	publisher	Mastertronic Group
Bakuon!!	publisher	Akita Shoten
Value Migration: How to Think Several Moves Ahead of the Competition	publisher	Harvard Business Press
The Disappearing Spoon	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Beyond the Core	publisher	Harvard Business Review Press
Unstoppable	publisher	Harvard Business Review Press
Profit from the Core	publisher	Harvard Business Review Press
Unity	publisher	Communist Party of Northern Ireland
Unity	publisher	Communist Party of Ireland
The Zebra-Striped Hearse	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Fortune Told in Blood	publisher	Soureye Mehr
Fortune Told in Blood	publisher	Center for Middle Eastern Studies, the University of Texas at Austin
JuristenZeitung	publisher	Mohr Siebeck Verlag
Valmiki's Daughter	publisher	House of Anansi Press
The Irish Worker	publisher	ITGWU
The Irish Worker	publisher	Irish Worker League
Nederlandsche vogelen	publisher	Sepp family
The Jazz Man	publisher	Atheneum Books
The Great Fire	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Kawa no Hikari	publisher	Chuokoron-Shinsha
Memory Man	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Act of Aggression	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Ancient TL	publisher	Luminescence Dosimetry Laboratory, Department of Physics, East Carolina University
BoneMan's Daughters	publisher	Center Street
Black Hat Jack	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Taming of the Queen	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Das indische Grabmal	publisher	Ullstein Verlag
Nicky 2	publisher	Microïds
The Supernatural Enhancements	publisher	Doubleday
Shajarur Kanta	publisher	P.C. Sorkar and Sons also anthologized by Ananda Publishers
Sunset	publisher	Tale of Tales
Durgo Rahasya	publisher	P.C. Sorkar and Sons also anthologized by Ananda Publishers
The Science of Interstellar	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Kiss	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Need for Speed	publisher	Electronic Arts
Bad Rats	publisher	Invent4 Entertainment
The Keeper	publisher	Center Street
In Bed One Night	publisher	Burning Deck Press
Pokémon Super Mystery Dungeon	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Xeodrifter	publisher	Renegade Kid
Xeodrifter	publisher	Gambitious Digital Entertainment
Xeodrifter	publisher	Limited Run Games
Networks and Heterogeneous Media	publisher	American Institute of Mathematics
Crossout	publisher	Gaijin Entertainment
Blue Boy	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Angry Birds Fight!	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Edible Brooklyn	publisher	Brian Halweil and Stephen Munshin
Ronin	publisher	Devolver Digital
Revista de Derecho	publisher	Austral University of Chile
Unifying Hinduism	publisher	Columbia University Press, Permanent Black
The Sen Times	publisher	
The Irish Citizen	publisher	Irish Women's Franchise League
Ani - Imo	publisher	Kodansha
Back Spin	publisher	Dell
Covenant of Solitude	publisher	Kemco
KonoSuba	publisher	Shousetsuka ni Narou
KonoSuba	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
KonoSuba	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
KonoSuba	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
37.5°C no Namida	publisher	Shogakukan
The Man Who Had His Hair Cut Short	publisher	Manteau
Cat Selfies	publisher	Summersdale
The Mouse with the Question Mark Tail	publisher	Dial Press
The Counter-Revolution of Science	publisher	Liberty Fund Inc.
Reminiscences of the Anti-Japanese Guerillas	publisher	Pyongyang
Reminiscences of the Anti-Japanese Guerillas	publisher	Workers' Party of Korea Publishing House
Reminiscences of the Anti-Japanese Guerillas	publisher	Pyongyang: Foreign Languages Publishing House
Metal Saga: The Ark of Wastes	publisher	Success
Water Science and Technology	publisher	IWA Publishing
The Mystery of the Clockwork Sparrow	publisher	Egmont Publishing
The Princess Diaries, Volume XI: Royal Wedding	publisher	William Morrow and Company
From the Notebooks of a Middle School Princess	publisher	Feiwel & Friends
Journal of Neuroimaging	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the American Society of Neuroimaging
Cabbage	publisher	Nintendo
The Loner	publisher	David McKay Publications
Journal of Levantine Studies	publisher	Van Leer Jerusalem Institute
Lewis and Irene	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Health Care for Women International	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Daatu	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara, Bangalore
The Tragic Innocents	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Food and Nutrition Bulletin	publisher	Sage Publications
Naomi's Room	publisher	HarperCollins
Some Luck	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Superman: Last Stand on Krypton	publisher	DC Comics
Construction Simulator	publisher	Excalibur Publishing
Crazy Frog Racer 2	publisher	Valcon Games
The Great Game: The Emergence of Wall Street as a World Power: 1653–2000	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Might and Magic: Heroes Online	publisher	Ubisoft
The Malediction	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Les Royaumes de Borée	publisher	Éditions Albin Michel
Trigger Mortis	publisher	Orion Publishing
Sire	publisher	Éditions de Fallois
Journal of Religion and Popular Culture	publisher	University of Toronto Press
Deadzone	publisher	Mantic Games
Open Geosciences	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Edible Manhattan	publisher	Brian Halweil and Stephen Munshin
An Item from the Late News	publisher	University of Queensland Press, Australia
Beachmasters	publisher	Penguin, Australia
The Chemistry of Tears	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, Australia
Amnesia	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, Australia
Hecate and Her Dogs	publisher	Éditions Flammarion
Killing Reagan	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Living Buddha	publisher	Éditions Grasset
What If%3F: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
City of Spades	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Bereft	publisher	Scribe Publications, Melbourne
Seven Types of Ambiguity	publisher	Picador
Les Grands Chemins	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Two Riders of the Storm	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Two Riders of the Storm	publisher	Peter Owen Publishers
British-Islamic Identity	publisher	Trentham Books
European Journal of Pediatrics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Dying Hours	publisher	Little, Brown
The Pages	publisher	Text Publishing
Dr. Mario: Miracle Cure	publisher	Nintendo
Evergreen	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Mysteries of Glass	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Lego Worlds	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Mr. Rabbit and the Lovely Present	publisher	Harper & Row 1962
Source Code for Biology and Medicine	publisher	Biomed Central
Grey: Fifty Shades of Grey as Told by Christian	publisher	Vintage
Rocket League	publisher	Psyonix
The Hidden Agenda of Sigrid Sugden	publisher	Fitzhenry & Whiteside
Monzo	publisher	Madfinger Games
Himalayan Journal	publisher	Himalayan Club
The New Space Opera 2	publisher	HarperVoyager
Taking a Stand	publisher	Center Street
Son of Merlin	publisher	Top Cow
Son of Merlin	publisher	Heroes and Villains Entertainment
Eye	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
The Colored Patriots of the American Revolution	publisher	Robert F. Wallcut
Ark: Survival Evolved	publisher	Studio Wildcard
Snake Rewind	publisher	Rumilus Design
Skylanders: SuperChargers	publisher	Activision
Paradise	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Love Story Magazine	publisher	Street & Smith
Total War: Warhammer	publisher	Sega
Bushido: The Way of the Warrior	publisher	Top Cow
Bushido: The Way of the Warrior	publisher	Heroes and Villains Entertainment
Star Wars: Uprising	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Bunker	publisher	Oni Press
Journal of Women's Health	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Advances in Microbial Physiology	publisher	Academic Press
Die schöne Wilhelmine	publisher	Deutscher Bücherbund
Chariot	publisher	Frima Studio
Meteor Prince	publisher	Hakusensha
Haruchika	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Big Pharma	publisher	Positech Games
Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story	publisher	Fellowship of Reconciliation
You Deserve a Drink	publisher	Plume
The International History Review	publisher	Routledge
Tales of Berseria	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Aliens: The Female War	publisher	Bantam Books
When Colts Ran	publisher	Vintage, Australia
Ice	publisher	Allen & Unwin
Water Man	publisher	Picador, Australia
The Daughters of Mars	publisher	Vintage, Australia
The People's Train	publisher	Vintage, Australia
Twin Star Exorcists	publisher	Shueisha
Wolfsmund	publisher	Enterbrain
The End of All Things	publisher	Tor Books
Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Guttmacher Institute
Double-Wolf	publisher	Allen & Unwin
After China	publisher	Allen & Unwin
The Bath Fugues	publisher	Giramondo Publishing
Shanghai Dancing	publisher	Giramondo Publishing
Chotto Edo Made	publisher	Hakusensha
Great Sluggers	publisher	Namco
ESPN NBA Basketball	publisher	Sega
Master of Orion: Conquer the Stars	publisher	Wargaming
Journal of Risk Research	publisher	Routledge
Sonic Boom: Fire & Ice	publisher	Sega
American Legends	publisher	Top Cow
American Legends	publisher	Heroes and Villains Entertainment
Human Resource Machine	publisher	Tomorrow Corporation
Human Resource Machine	publisher	Experimental Gameplay Group
Career of Evil	publisher	Sphere Books
Umbrella	publisher	Viking Press
Jesus and the Eyewitnesses	publisher	Eerdmans
9 Algorithms that Changed the Future	publisher	Princeton University Press
Raven: A Trickster Tale From The Pacific Northwest	publisher	Voyager Books
Arquivos de Neuro-Psiquiatria	publisher	Academia Brasileira de Neurologia
The Consumer Movement	publisher	Harper
With the People from the Bridge	publisher	Shoestring Press
The Final Frontiersman	publisher	ATRIA BOOKS
Dead of Winter: A Cross Roads Game	publisher	Plaid Hat Games
Is This Legal%3F	publisher	Ascend Books
The British Journal of Criminology	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies
The Familiar, Volume 1: One Rainy Day in May	publisher	Pantheon Books
Scientific Data	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Earn to Die 2	publisher	Toffee Games, Google Play, Apple iTunes
Shadow Warrior 2	publisher	Devolver Digital
Into A Raging Blaze	publisher	Bonniers
Into A Raging Blaze	publisher	Quercus
Blood and Thunder	publisher	Doubleday
Attractio	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric	publisher	Sega
That Awful Mess on Via Merulana	publisher	Garzanti Editore s.p.a.
The Birth and Death of the Sun	publisher	Viking Press
Pharmacological Research	publisher	Elsevier
The Cottage outside the Village	publisher	Biblioteka Warszawska
Jurassic Park Builder	publisher	Ludia
Touken Ranbu	publisher	DMM.com
Shoulder-a-Coffin Kuro	publisher	Hōbunsha
Conrad and Lady Black: Dancing on the Edge	publisher	Harper Perennial
Great Sluggers '94	publisher	Namco
Zombicide	publisher	Asmodee
Zombicide	publisher	Asterion Press
Zombicide	publisher	Black Monk
Zombicide	publisher	CoolMiniOrNot
Zombicide	publisher	Edge Entertainment
Zombicide	publisher	Galápagos Jogos
Zombicide	publisher	Guillotine Games
Zombicide	publisher	Hobby World
Come in at the Door	publisher	Smith & Haas and University of Alabama Press
The Tallons	publisher	Random House and University of Alabama Press
How to Bake Pi	publisher	Basic Books
Women's History Review	publisher	Taylor and Francis
The Tyrant's Novel	publisher	Doubleday, Australia
Une adolescence en Gueldre	publisher	Éditions de la Table ronde
The Tall Grass and Other Stories	publisher	Gere Donovan Press
Il colombre	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
The Engineers and the Price System	publisher	B. W. Huebsch
Juggalo: Insane Clown Posse, Their Fans, and the World They Made	publisher	Da Capo Press
Metroid Prime: Federation Force	publisher	Nintendo
Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene	publisher	Oxford University Press
International Health	publisher	Oxford University Press
Chicha, Tato y Clodoveo	publisher	Editorial Grijalbo
Chicha, Tato y Clodoveo	publisher	Ediciones B
Rare Replay	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Sea of Thieves	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Alternate Americas	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Mass Effect: Andromeda	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dark Souls III	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
South Park: The Fractured but Whole	publisher	Ubisoft
For Honor	publisher	Ubisoft
Anno 2205	publisher	Ubisoft
The Walking Dead: Michonne	publisher	Telltale Games
Agar.io	publisher	Miniclip
Horizon Zero Dawn	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Hitman	publisher	Square Enix
Dreams	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Pokémon TCG Online	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Unravel	publisher	Electronic Arts
Final Fantasy VII Remake	publisher	Square Enix
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands	publisher	Ubisoft
Metropolis	publisher	Illustriertes Blatt
Metropolis	publisher	August Scherl
Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam	publisher	Nintendo
Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash	publisher	Nintendo
Animal Crossing: Amiibo Festival	publisher	Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: Tri Force Heroes	publisher	Nintendo
World of Final Fantasy	publisher	Square Enix
Journal of Women & Aging	publisher	Routledge
The Elder Scrolls: Legends	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
German History	publisher	Oxford University Press
ReCore	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Zodiac: Orcanon Odyssey	publisher	Kobojo
Nothing to Make a Fuss About	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Oregon Trail: A New American Journey	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Bestiary!	publisher	Ace Books
Transformers: Devastation	publisher	Activision
Blood Bowl 2	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Amiibo Tap: Nintendo's Greatest Bits	publisher	Nintendo
Dirty Bomb	publisher	Nexon America
This Sweet and Bitter Earth	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
This Sweet and Bitter Earth	publisher	St Martin's Press
Sword Coast Legends	publisher	Digital Extremes
Hiding in the Mirror	publisher	Viking Press
Salt Rain	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Prosperous Thief	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Imperium	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
Nier: Automata	publisher	Square Enix
Pirate Hunters	publisher	Random House
IEEE Transactions on Advanced Packaging	publisher	IEEE Components, Packaging & Manufacturing Technology Society
In the Kingdom of Ice	publisher	Doubleday
IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems	publisher	IEEE Aerospace and Electronic Systems Society
Not Without My Daughter	publisher	St. Martin’s Press
The Honest Truth about Dishonesty	publisher	HarperCollins
Suicide Notes from Beautiful Girls	publisher	Egmont Group
European Neurology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Brief Candle in the Dark: My Life in Science	publisher	Bantam Press
Young Black Jack	publisher	Akita Shoten
Half Wild	publisher	Puffin Books
Half Wild	publisher	Viking Press
Pain Medicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
The Solus Project	publisher	Teotl Studios
The Solus Project	publisher	Grip Digital
I Went for a Walk	publisher	Hollywood Jersey
Forschende Komplementärmedizin	publisher	Karger Publishers
Cossacks 3	publisher	GSC Game World
Gigantic	publisher	Perfect World Entertainment
Journal of Pharmacy Practice and Research	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of The Society of Hospital Pharmacists of Australia
QRG on Arbitration, Conciliation and Mediation	publisher	Lexis Nexis
Diary of a Japanese Military Brothel Manager	publisher	Esoop
In the Morning I'll Be Gone	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Anne Happy	publisher	Houbunsha
Monster Hunter Generations	publisher	Capcom
Blocksworld	publisher	Linden Lab
Deadly Election	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Mirage	publisher	Emirates Center For Strategic Studies And Research
Asian Journal of Women's Studies	publisher	Ewha Womans University Press
Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butōden	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
The Eye of the Sheep	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Big Little Lies	publisher	Penguin Publishing
Alternate Wars	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Revue Bénédictine	publisher	Brepols on behalf of the Maredsous Abbey
The Boy Who Went Away	publisher	St Martins Press
Zeitschrift für katholische Theologie	publisher	Faculty of Theology at the University of Innsbruck
Die Welt	publisher	Theodor Herzl
Studentische Zeitschrift für Rechtswissenschaft Heidelberg	publisher	C.F. Müller Verlag
Shadow of the Beast	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Cold Light	publisher	Random House, Australia
The Medici Effect: Breakthrough Insights at the Intersection of Ideas, Concepts, and Cultures	publisher	Harvard Business School Press
Age of Empires II: The African Kingdoms	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Nights of Azure	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Into the Stars	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
The Private Practice of Michael Shayne	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Mateship with Birds	publisher	Picador, Australia
Beach Buggy Racing	publisher	Vector Unit
Feminist Legal Studies	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Armada	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
LAPD '53	publisher	Abrams Image
Lord of Scoundrels	publisher	Avon Books
American Psycho	publisher	Traumawien
American Psycho	publisher	Vienna
Information Systems	publisher	Elsevier
Hastings West-Northwest Journal of Environmental Law and Policy	publisher	University of California, Hastings College of the Law
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child	publisher	/
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child	publisher	Pottermore
Komori-san Can't Decline	publisher	Houbunsha
Mugsy's Revenge	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Fade Away	publisher	Dell
Wild Surmise	publisher	Picador, Australia
What a Piece of Work	publisher	Picador, Australia
Wyatt	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Vanishing Points	publisher	Heinemann, Australia
Smoke and Mirrors	publisher	Ginninderra Press , Australia
The Bathhouse	publisher	Gosizdat
Lovely Muco	publisher	Kodansha
Mach Breakers: Numan Athletics 2	publisher	Namco
Second Honeymoon	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Mugsy	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Burial Rites	publisher	Pan Macmillan, Australia
The Slow Regard of Silent Things	publisher	DAW Books Hardcover
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Art of Frozen	publisher	Chronicle Books
Les Bêtises	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Road Rash: Jailbreak	publisher	Electronic Arts
InstrumentChamp	publisher	Music Instrument Champ AB
Road Rash	publisher	Electronic Arts
Tiny: Streetwise Revisited	publisher	Aperture Foundation
Morning Face	publisher	Kutub Popular
Butcher's Broom	publisher	Canongate
The Man of Bronze	publisher	Street & Smith
The Yellow Peril: Dr Fu Manchu & The Rise of Chinaphobia	publisher	Thames and Hudson
The English Spy	publisher	HarperCollins
Dog Boy	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Karabakh Diary	publisher	\
Sleights of Mind	publisher	Picador
Epigenetics & Chromatin	publisher	BioMed Central
Gangsta	publisher	Shinchosha
The Strange Talent of Luther Strode	publisher	Image Comics
How Institutions Think	publisher	Syracuse University Press
Citizens of Earth	publisher	Atlus
Shadow Gunner: The Robot Wars	publisher	Ubisoft
Radical: My Journey out of Islamist Extremism	publisher	Virgin Books
The Swan Book	publisher	Giramondo Publishing
Spectroscopy Letters	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Environs: Environmental Law and Policy Journal	publisher	University of California, Davis
Champlain's Dream	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Project Superhero	publisher	ECW Press
Indivisible	publisher	505
Weightless	publisher	Bloomsbury Circus
The ITT Wars	publisher	Henry Holt & Co.
Mother Russia Bleeds	publisher	Devolver Digital
UCLA Journal of Environmental Law and Policy	publisher	University of California, Los Angeles
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina	publisher	Archie Horror
Act of War	publisher	Emily Bestler Books
Act of War	publisher	Atria Books
Vampyr	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
One False Move	publisher	Dell
The Golden Age	publisher	Random House, Australia
Book of Numbers	publisher	Random House
Five Bells	publisher	Vintage, Australia
Aquatic Conservation: Marine and Freshwater Ecosystems	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Concrete Revolutio	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Stanford Environmental Law Journal	publisher	Stanford University
First Love Monster	publisher	Kodansha
Marvel: Future Fight	publisher	Netmarble Games
AdvertCity	publisher	VoxelStorm
Dimension W	publisher	Square Enix
Destiny: The Taken King	publisher	Activision
Canne al vento	publisher	L'Illustrazione Italiana
The Story of Kullervo	publisher	HarperCollins
The Story of Kullervo	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
A Sense of Reality	publisher	The Bodley Head
Brain and Behavior	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Cube Life: Island Survival	publisher	Cypronia
Portuguese Economic Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ISEG, University of Lisbon
A Sort of Life	publisher	The Bodley Head
Jelly Jump	publisher	Ketchapp
The Mahabharata Secret	publisher	Om Books
This Is Not a Test	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Top Secret	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Nehru A Contemporary's Estimate	publisher	Oxford University Press
Burma Gazette	publisher	Ministry of Information
Burma Gazette	publisher	Government of Burma
I Am Princess X	publisher	Arthur A. Levine Books
The Messenger	publisher	European Southern Observatory
Alekhine's Gun	publisher	Maximum Games
Chicks and Balances	publisher	Baen Books
The Peanuts Movie: Snoopy's Grand Adventure	publisher	Activision
Jacked: The Outlaw Story of Grand Theft Auto	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Quantum Man: Richard Feynman's Life in Science	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
In Search of a Character: Two African Journals	publisher	The Bodley Head
Dark Streets	publisher	Cakebread & Walton
Derrière le miroir	publisher	Aimé Maeght
TrackMania Turbo	publisher	Ubisoft
A Little Life	publisher	Doubleday
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirty-Second Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
NPG Asia Materials	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Mr. Osomatsu	publisher	Shueisha
Newsweek Serbia	publisher	Adria Media Group
Akkapporinte Irupathu Nasrani Varshangal	publisher	DC Books
Flanker 2.5	publisher	Ubisoft
The Man from Snowy River and Other Verses	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Vivencias	publisher	Church of God Ministry of Jesus Christ International
A Kindness Cup	publisher	Nelson Books, Australia
Eyrie	publisher	Penguin, Australia
White People	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Reading the Comments	publisher	MIT Press
The Object of My Affection	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Montenegro	publisher	Farrar Straus Giroux publishers
Final Lap R	publisher	Namco
May We Borrow Your Husband%3F	publisher	The Bodley Head
Il trionfo della morte	publisher	Treves
Il Piacere	publisher	Treves
Journal of Thoracic Oncology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Trove	publisher	Trion Worlds
Blood	publisher	University of Queensland Press, Australia
The Diggers Rest Hotel	publisher	Penguin, Australia
Blackwattle Creek	publisher	Viking Books, Australia
Pig Boy	publisher	Random House, Australia
Chuck Norris: Bring on the Pain	publisher	Gameloft
See Me	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Your Diary	publisher	Hakusensha
Life Embitters	publisher	Ediciones Destino
Crimson Shore	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Heir	publisher	HarperTeen
Echo Night 2: The Lord of Nightmares	publisher	FromSoftware
Unspeakable Things: Sex, Lies and Revolution	publisher	Bloomsbury
Robin War	publisher	DC Comics
Zero: The Biography of a Dangerous Idea	publisher	Viking Adult
Swing Racers	publisher	Morepork Games
Why Are We the Good Guys%3F: Reclaiming Your Mind from the Delusions of Propaganda	publisher	Zero Books
Between the World and Me	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
Ways of Escape	publisher	The Bodley Head
Reach: 40 Black Men Speak on Living, Leading and Succeeding	publisher	Atria Books
Journal of Materials Research and Technology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Brazilian Metallurgical, Materials and Mining Association
Baldur's Gate: Siege of Dragonspear	publisher	Beamdog
The Long March	publisher	Discovery
The Long March	publisher	Random House
Sessanta racconti	publisher	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Prisoner 489	publisher	Dark Regions Press
Servamp	publisher	Media Factory
Ideal	publisher	New American Library
Cut Like Wound	publisher	Harper Collins
Roland Goes Digging	publisher	Amsoft
The Gangster's Life	publisher	New Star Books Ltd.
Mobile Suit Gundam: Iron-Blooded Orphans	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A Private Man	publisher	Vintage Books, Australia
Europe at War 1939–1945: No Simple Victory	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Clerkenwell Tales	publisher	Chatto & Windus
I've Got Your Number	publisher	Dial Press
Foundations of Chemistry	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Mad Max: Fury Road	publisher	Vertigo
Terrorism and Political Violence	publisher	Routledge
78-87 London Youth	publisher	Damiana
Nightmares Unhinged	publisher	Hex Publishers
MozaIQ	publisher	Mensa International
Journal of the Australian Early Medieval Association	publisher	Australian Early Medieval Association
Alien	publisher	Argus Press Software
Mel Foster and the Demon Butler	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Review of World Economics	publisher	Springer Publishing
Becoming Jimi Hendrix	publisher	Da Cabo Press
For God & Country	publisher	Blue Planet Publishing
Nakshathrangale Kaaval	publisher	D. C. Books
Flood of Fire	publisher	Penguin Group
John Cowper Powys's Autobiography	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Aggression and Violent Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Re:Zero -Starting Life in Another World-	publisher	Shōsetsuka ni Narō
Re:Zero -Starting Life in Another World-	publisher	Media Factory
Re:Zero -Starting Life in Another World-	publisher	Square Enix
Dragon Quest Builders	publisher	Square Enix
Say You're One of Them	publisher	Abacus
Der tote Preuße	publisher	Langen Müller Verlag
The Dark Knight III: The Master Race	publisher	DC Comics
La Sirène rouge	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
The Secrets of Midwives	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Adventure Capitalist	publisher	Kongregate
Atom: An Odyssey from the Big Bang to Life on Earth...and Beyond	publisher	Little, Brown
Galileo's Middle Finger	publisher	Penguin Press
The Wooden Leg of Inspector Anders	publisher	Duffy & Snellgrove, Australia
The Sunny Night	publisher	Washington Square Press
Kvachi Kvachantiradze	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Optica	publisher	The Optical Society
Americana	publisher	Doubleday
From Nowhere to the North Pole	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Key Witness	publisher	Tempo
Culture+Travel	publisher	Louise Blouin Media
Jaliyat al-Kadr	publisher	Manaqib Press
Life or Death	publisher	Hachette, Australia
Howard the Duck	publisher	Activision
Jani Confidential	publisher	Jacana
Lara Croft Go	publisher	Square Enix
Magic Duels	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Decoding the Universe	publisher	Viking/Penguin Group
Golden Boys	publisher	Penguin, Australia
The Punisher	publisher	MicroProse
Ymer	publisher	Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography
The Bewitched	publisher	Journal l'Assemblée nationale
Revenge of The Vinyl Cafe	publisher	Viking by Penguin Books Canada Limited
Out of Bounds	publisher	Zebra Books
International Journal of Clinical Practice	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Kagaku Na Yatsura	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Loo Sanction	publisher	Avon
Quintessence: The Search for Missing Mass in the Universe	publisher	Basic Books
The Blue Hour	publisher	William Heinemann
The Understory	publisher	Ironweed Press
Funky Barn	publisher	Ubisoft (  )
Funky Barn	publisher	505
Past the Shallows	publisher	Hachette, Australia
How To Walk Away	publisher	Spuyten Duyvil Press
The Architect	publisher	Penguin, Australia
Karachi, You're Killing Me!	publisher	Random House
Dolphin	publisher	Activision
Candido	publisher	Rizzoli-Corriere della Sera
Myanmar Medical Journal	publisher	Myanmar Medical Association
Making the Corps	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journal of Environmental Law and Litigation	publisher	University of Oregon School of Law
Current Drug Metabolism	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
The Diary of a Social Butterfly	publisher	Random House
Speak	publisher	Ecco
Psychological Studies	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Academy of Psychology
The Golden Gizmo	publisher	Lion Books
The Golden Gizmo	publisher	Black Lizard
The Golden Gizmo	publisher	Hachette Book Group
Lost Girl	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Black Clover	publisher	Shueisha
Christophorus	publisher	Porsche AG, Main Department Public Relations and Press
The Mahabharata Quest: The Alexander Secret	publisher	Westland
International Journal of Intelligence and CounterIntelligence	publisher	Routledge
A Map of Home	publisher	The Penguin Group
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood	publisher	Glu Mobile
The Serpent and the Rope	publisher	John Murray
World Gone By	publisher	William Morrow and Company
The Fall of the Imam	publisher	Methuen Publishing
The Tribal World of Verrier Elwin	publisher	Oxford University Press
Beyond Star Trek	publisher	Basic Books
Shadow From Ladakh	publisher	Crown Publishers
Before I Wake	publisher	Penguin, Australia
Dragon Quest XI	publisher	Square Enix
Dream 2047	publisher	Vigyan Prasar
Mafia III	publisher	2
Dúnmharú ar an Dart	publisher	Clo Iar-Chonnachta Teo
Multiverse: Exploring Poul Anderson's Worlds	publisher	Subterranean Press
An Artist in Life	publisher	University of Kerala
The Moor's Account	publisher	Pantheon Books
Data Tutashkhia	publisher	Raduga Publishers
Diamond Dove	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Naadan Premam	publisher	Mathrubhumi Books
Dying Light: The Following	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Knowledge and Politics	publisher	1975
Islam and the Future of Tolerance	publisher	Harvard University Press
Transcendence: My Spiritual Experiences with Pramukh Swamiji	publisher	HarperCollins India
Castaway Paradise	publisher	Stolen Couch Games
Heroes in Training	publisher	DAW Books
The Goblin Master's Grimoire	publisher	ISFiC Press
Rugby Challenge 3	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Psychotherapy and Psychosomatics	publisher	Karger Publishers
List of non-video game media featuring Mario	publisher	Shogakukan
Tucker's Monster	publisher	Real Deal Productions Inc.
Scholar Extraordinary	publisher	Chatto & Windus
More Fool Me	publisher	Michael Joseph
Addictive Behaviors	publisher	Elsevier
The Best of Poul Anderson	publisher	Pocket Books
Lara Croft: Relic Run	publisher	Square Enix
Romance Studies journal	publisher	Maney Publishing
Make Something Up	publisher	Doubleday
The Mountain	publisher	Vintage, Australia
The A-Z Guide to Arranged Marriage	publisher	Monsoon Press
Ayesha's Rainbow	publisher	Fore-Word Press
Saris and the City	publisher	Little Black Dress
My Bollywood Wedding	publisher	Little Black Dress
Lascar	publisher	Indigo Dreams Publishing
The Courier's New Bicycle	publisher	Voyager, Australia
The Patron Saint of Eels	publisher	Picador, Australia
Killer Instinct Gold	publisher	Nintendo
Medical Science Monitor	publisher	International Scientific Information
No Disrespect	publisher	Times Books
No Disrespect	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
No Disrespect	publisher	Random House
The Divine Child	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Rio Grande's Last Race and Other Verses	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Flying Witch	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of American College Health	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the American College Health Association
International Journal of Multiphase Flow	publisher	Elsevier
Chinese Chemical Letters	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Chinese Chemical Society
Guild of Dungeoneering	publisher	Versus Evil
Catching the Wolf of Wall Street	publisher	Bantam Books
Mother Teresa: Saint or Celebrity%3F	publisher	Routledge
Mother Teresa: Saint or Celebrity%3F	publisher	Salerno Editrice
Political Analysis	publisher	Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Political Science Association
Pontypool Free Press	publisher	Newsquest Media  Ltd
Halo Wars 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
The Many Worlds of Poul Anderson	publisher	Chilton Company
Winners	publisher	Tor Books
Invisible Republic	publisher	Image Comics
The Other Worlds	publisher	Wilfred Funk
Dance with Devils	publisher	Square Enix
Advances in Parasitology	publisher	Academic Press
Valuation: Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
The Lying Days	publisher	Victor Gollancz
The Lying Days	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Another Day	publisher	Egmont Group
The Flight of the Horse	publisher	Ballantine Books
Science of the Total Environment	publisher	Elsevier
The Negro Problem	publisher	J. Pott & Company
Super Lovers	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Telling Room	publisher	The Dial Press
Les Racines du mal	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country Into a Third World Hellhole	publisher	Regnery Publishing, a division of Salem Media Group
The Outlaws	publisher	Rowohlt Verlag
The Fire People	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Bridging the Galaxies	publisher	San Francisco Science Fiction Conventions
Purity	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Dexter is Dead	publisher	Doubleday
World of Warcraft: Legion	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
The Sims 4: Spa Day	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Sims 4: Get Together	publisher	Electronic Arts
Michigan Journal of Environmental and Administrative Law	publisher	University of Michigan School of Law
The Sims 4 Stuff packs	publisher	Electronic Arts
Dyscourse	publisher	Owlchemy Labs
Weymouth Sands	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Memórias do Instituto Oswaldo Cruz	publisher	Oswaldo Cruz Foundation
And you thought there is never a girl online%3F	publisher	ASCII Media Works
And you thought there is never a girl online%3F	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Clinical Research in Cardiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Existential Psychotherapy	publisher	Basic Books
The Best of Larry Niven	publisher	Subterranean Press
Blackguards 2	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
The Scorpion King: Sword of Osiris	publisher	Universal Interactive
Out of the Silence	publisher	Random House, Australia
Sarah Thornhill	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Liberation Day	publisher	Interactive Magic
Order & Chaos 2: Redemption	publisher	Gameloft
Tiberius	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Land of Decoration	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Rainbow Days	publisher	Shueisha
Disney Princess: Magical Dress-Up	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
The Journal of Trauma and Acute Care Surgery	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Settlers of Catan	publisher	Bastei Lübbe
Fatawa-e-Razvia	publisher	many publisher of pakistan and india
The Extreme Centre: A Warning	publisher	Verso Books
Rough Music: Blair, Bombs, Baghdad, London, Terror	publisher	Verso Books
Minami Kamakura Kōkō Joshi Jitensha-Bu	publisher	Mag Garden
Caesar	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Meatmen	publisher	Winston Leyland
The Crown of Ptolemy	publisher	Disney Hyperion and Puffin Books
For Such a Time	publisher	Baker Publishing Group
The Witch of Artemis	publisher	Mag Garden
Rock 'N' Roll Comics	publisher	Revolutionary Comics
The Operators	publisher	Blue Rider Press
Deepsheel Bharat	publisher	Man Singh Rajput
Breach & Clear: Deadline	publisher	Gun Media
Empire of Fear: Inside the Islamic State	publisher	Universities Press
The Obama Syndrome	publisher	Verso Books
International Journal of Impotence Research	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Glareana	publisher	Gesellschaft der Freunde alter Musikinstrumente
Fascination	publisher	Coktel Vision
Fascination	publisher	Digital Integration
Excalibur 2555 AD	publisher	Sir-Tech
The Mercy of God	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Disney's Pocahontas	publisher	Mega Drive/Genesis
Disney's Pocahontas	publisher	Game Boy
Disney's Pocahontas	publisher	THQ
Bureau 13	publisher	GameTek
Stars and Gods	publisher	Tor Books
Project Lives	publisher	PowerHouse Books
Morning Star	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Duel: Pakistan on the Flight Path of American Power	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Children in Room E4: American Education on Trial	publisher	Workman Publishing Company
The Girl in the Road	publisher	Crown
Amazon Watershed	publisher	Michael Joseph
Gender Wars	publisher	GT Interactive Software
Gender Wars	publisher	Sales Curve
Super House of Dead Ninjas	publisher	Adult Swim Games
Kitchens of the Great Midwest	publisher	Viking Press
Journal of Accounting and Public Policy	publisher	Elsevier
Hard Work: Life in Low-pay Britain	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Usogui	publisher	Shueisha
The Laughing Salesman	publisher	Shogakukan
The Laughing Salesman	publisher	Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
Advances in Nutrition	publisher	American Society for Nutrition
The Adventures of Quik & Silva	publisher	Amiga Fun
Myriad Colors Phantom World	publisher	Kyoto Animation
Current Atherosclerosis Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
In the Days When the World was Wide and Other Verses	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Ot me-Avshalom	publisher	Yediot Books
Mr. Nietzsche in the Convenience Store	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
A World of Other People	publisher	Fourth Estate, Australia
Encounters with Civilizations: From Alexander the Great to Mother Teresa	publisher	Transaction Publishers
Encounters with Civilizations: From Alexander the Great to Mother Teresa	publisher	Meteor Books
Encounters with Civilizations: From Alexander the Great to Mother Teresa	publisher	Globic Press
The Spire	publisher	Boom! Studios
Si	publisher	Visprint, Inc.
Hokuto no Ken: Ichigo Aji	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Winnie the Pooh: Adventures in the 100 Acre Wood	publisher	NewKidCo
Winnie the Pooh: Adventures in the 100 Acre Wood	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Attack on Titan: Junior High	publisher	Kodansha
Journal Iraq	publisher	Ottoman Wali, Dawud Pasha
Stellaris	publisher	Paradox Interactive
Twin Sector	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Twin Sector	publisher	Headup Games
Technobabylon	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Tenth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eleventh Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
PostCapitalism: A Guide to our Future	publisher	Allen Lane
Rhinoceros Success	publisher	Rhino's Press
National Security and Double Government	publisher	Oxford University Press
India: the Urban Transition	publisher	The Architectural Publisher B
The Revenge of History: The Battle for the Twenty First Century	publisher	Verso Books
Meltdown: The End of the Age of Greed	publisher	Verso Books
The Herald	publisher	Times Media Group
The Ambassador's Wife	publisher	Doubleday
Hellhound On His Trail	publisher	Doubleday
Journal of Cancer Research and Clinical Oncology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Memoirs of the Actor in a Supporting Role	publisher	Damavand Publishing
Memoirs of the Actor in a Supporting Role	publisher	Mazda Publishers
Saint Seiya: Soldiers' Soul	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Affordable Space Adventures	publisher	KnapNok Games
Indecent Exposure	publisher	Secker & Warburg
Save The Dinos	publisher	Aspyr
The War Against the Assholes	publisher	Saga Press
Why It's Kicking Off Everywhere: The New Global Revolutions	publisher	Verso Books
The Thompson Twins Adventure	publisher	Computer and Video Games
Firebird	publisher	Templar Publishing
Stasis	publisher	The Brotherhood
Stasis	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Garden Spells	publisher	Bantam Books
Conflict and Conquest in the Islamic World	publisher	ABC-CLIO
Interstate Journal of International Affairs	publisher	Department of International Politics, Aberystwyth University
The Committee of Sleep	publisher	Crown/Random House
Dead or Alive Xtreme 3	publisher	Koei Tecmo
To Kill a Child	publisher	National Society for Road Safety
Truly Tasteless Jokes	publisher	Ballantine Books
Knocking on Heaven’s Door: How Physics and Scientific Thinking Illuminate the Universe and the Modern World	publisher	Ecco Press
Higgs Discovery: The Power of Empty Space	publisher	Ecco Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dark Matter	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
Key to the Door	publisher	W. H. Allen
Bungo Stray Dogs	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Columbia Journal of Environmental Law	publisher	Columbia University
Football Manager 2016	publisher	Sega
Just Dance: Disney Party 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Aurora	publisher	Orbit
How Music Got Free	publisher	Viking Press
Ecological Complexity	publisher	Elsevier
Stardew Valley	publisher	Chucklefish Games
Galactic Sibyl Sue Blue	publisher	Doubleday Books
The First Bohemians	publisher	Allen Lane
Ultimate Paintball	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Dying Grass	publisher	Viking
Patriarchy	publisher	Stree
International Archives of Occupational and Environmental Health	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Magical Somera-chan	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Racket	publisher	Zed Books
Complex Age	publisher	Kodansha
The Stronghold	publisher	The Club of Family Leisure
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Viacom
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Activision
Zhorstoke nebo	publisher	Family Leisure Club
Psycho-Oncology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Cyborg 009 VS Devilman	publisher	Kodansha
Cyborg 009 VS Devilman	publisher	Niconico
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twentieth Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirty-First Annual Collection	publisher	St. Martin's Press
The Walking Dead: Road to Survival	publisher	Scopely
The Accidental Caregiver	publisher	Bloch-Bauer Books
Filmindia	publisher	Baburao Patel
San Diego Journal of Climate and Energy Law	publisher	University of San Diego School of Law
Bot Soccer	publisher	Expert Software
Battletoads Arcade	publisher	Electronic Arts
Kameo	publisher	Microsoft Game Studios
Efteling Tycoon	publisher	Atari
Trauma and Dreams	publisher	Harvard University Press
The Other Side of Here	publisher	Ace Books
Whizz	publisher	Flair Software
Whizz	publisher	Titus Software
Whizz	publisher	Konami
Eileen	publisher	Penguin Group
All the Bright Places	publisher	Knopf Publishing Group
The African Child	publisher	Plon
Wish You Were Here	publisher	Picador
The Explorers	publisher	Ballantine Books
Monsieur Ouine	publisher	Atlantica Editora
This One Summer	publisher	First Second
Davis Cup Tennis	publisher	Ubisoft
The Marionettes	publisher	Bahram Beyzai
The Marionettes	publisher	Negah Publishing
The Marionettes	publisher	Roshangaran Publishing
The Marionettes	publisher	University Press of America
The Marionettes	publisher	Mazda Publishers
The Marionettes	publisher	Poetry Salzburg
Joseph Knight	publisher	Fourth Estate
I Can't Think Straight	publisher	Enlightenment Productions Limited
Waistland	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
The Story Without a Name	publisher	A. Lemerre
Jazz Hot	publisher	Jazz Hot Publications
Jazz Hot	publisher	Charles Delaunay
A Mile Beyond the Moon	publisher	Doubleday Books
The Art of Mackin'	publisher	Research Associates School Times Publications
Avelum	publisher	Garnett Press
Villanova	publisher	One Story, Inc.
The World Unseen	publisher	Enlightenment Productions
Okhlos	publisher	Devolver Digital
The Critical Legal Studies Movement	publisher	1986
Forum Geometricorum	publisher	Florida Atlantic University
The River Baptists	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Walls Around Us	publisher	Algonquin
50 reasons people give for believing in a god	publisher	Prometheus Books
High School Fleet	publisher	Media Factory
Chinese Journal of Integrative Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Shonen Kininden Tsumuji	publisher	Electronic Arts
Journal of Physics and Chemistry of Solids	publisher	Elsevier
The Literature Express	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Biological Conservation	publisher	Elsevier
Medical History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Call	publisher	Allen & Unwin, One Day Hill
Discrete Applied Mathematics	publisher	Elsevier
The Disappeared	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Africa Journal of Evangelical Theology	publisher	Scott Christian University
Traitor	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
More Than Two	publisher	Thorntree Press
Eden	publisher	Random House, Australia
Clinical Journal of the American Society of Nephrology	publisher	American Society of Nephrology
The Zookeeper's War	publisher	Fourth Estate, Australia
The Drowner	publisher	Pan Macmillan, Australia
Mayur Times	publisher	Nepalaya
Developmental Cell	publisher	Cell Press
Journey to Karabakh	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
In the Unlikely Event	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Zeitschrift für Antikes Christentum	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
Divinity: Original Sin II	publisher	Larian Studios
Semeia	publisher	Society of Biblical Literature
The Humans	publisher	Image Comics
Chris Kamara's Street Soccer	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Too Many Men	publisher	Pan Macmillan, Australia
Journal of Integer Sequences	publisher	University of Waterloo
After Darkness	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Politics & Gender	publisher	Cambridge Journals for the Women and Politics Research Section of APSA
Proceedings of the Entomological Society of Washington	publisher	Entomological Society of Washington
Plasma Science and Technology	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of the Institute of Plasma Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Society of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics
Forensic Science International	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Middle East Women's Studies	publisher	Duke University Press
A Week in Winter	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Minding Frankie	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
Forensic Science International: Genetics	publisher	Elsevier
Joe Steele	publisher	ROC Books
Scottish Bulletin of Evangelical Theology	publisher	Scottish Evangelical Theology Society
Scottish Bulletin of Evangelical Theology	publisher	Highland Theological College
Elu Rottigalu	publisher	Ankita Pustaka, Bangalore
Epics	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Epics	publisher	Square Enix
Journal of Crohn's and Colitis	publisher	Oxford University Press
Warhammer Age of Sigmar	publisher	Games Workshop
Omnibus of Science Fiction	publisher	Crown Publishers
What Should Legal Analysis Become%3F	publisher	Verso Books
Headlander	publisher	Adult Swim Games
Ellis Island	publisher	Signet
Gender, Place & Culture: A Journal of Feminist Geography	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Feminist Review	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Tree Palace	publisher	Text Publishing, Australia
Mycopathologia	publisher	Springer Link
New Legends	publisher	THQ
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Spirit of Justice	publisher	Capcom
A Treasury of Science Fiction	publisher	Crown Publishers
If Only the Dead Could Listen	publisher	Globic Press
Maiden Castle	publisher	Simon & Schuster
L'Enchanteur	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Nevada	publisher	Topside Press
Leaves from Australian Forests	publisher	George Robertson
Harm Reduction Journal	publisher	BioMed Central
Poems and Songs	publisher	J.R. Clarke
Kindred Spirits on the Roof	publisher	Shinshokan
Notes from the Internet Apocalypse	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Hepatology	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases
Star Wars: Aftermath	publisher	Del Rey Books
Shooting Script	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Star Wars Commander	publisher	Disney
Woman's Art Journal	publisher	Old City Publishing
Songs from the Mountains	publisher	William Maddock, Sydney
Exceptional: Why the World Needs a Powerful America	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Book of Life	publisher	Penguin Books
Lakeview Cabin Collection	publisher	Roope Tamminen
Overlord: Fellowship of Evil	publisher	Codemasters
The Art Fair	publisher	Doubleday
NYPD Red 3	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Millennium	publisher	IDW Publishing
Gender and Education	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Donald Duk	publisher	Coffee House Press
Seven Trips Through Time and Space	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Secret Files 3	publisher	Deep Silver
Secret Files: Sam Peters	publisher	Deep Silver
Digital Doesn't Matter	publisher	Heresy Press
The Marching Morons	publisher	Ballantine Books
Instant Brain	publisher	Cave
Turok	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
A Deadly Wandering	publisher	HarperCollins
Elsewhere and Elsewhen	publisher	Berkley Books
Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns	publisher	NCSOFT
Tahira: Echoes of the Astral Empire	publisher	Whale Hammer Games
Kill Chain: Drones and the Rise of High-Tech Assassins	publisher	Verso Books
A Cure for Serpents	publisher	Andre Deutsch
The Rebel Outlaw: Josey Wales	publisher	Whippoorwill Publishers
The Revenant	publisher	Carroll & Graf
Archives of Microbiology	publisher	Springer Berlin Heidelberg
The Memory of Eldurim	publisher	Liminal Games
Dead Synchronicity	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Angel Devoid: Face of the Enemy	publisher	Mindscape
British Medical Bulletin	publisher	Oxford University Press
Oryx	publisher	Cambridge University Press, on behalf of Fauna & Flora International
The Whore's Child and Other Stories	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Canadian Journal of Research	publisher	National Research Council of Canada
Eighteen Years in Prison	publisher	Jiji Press
Psycho-Nics Oscar	publisher	Data East
The Games	publisher	Del Rey Books
Masons	publisher	Ogonyok
Masons	publisher	Khudozhestvennaya Literatura
Three Leaves, Three Colors	publisher	Houbunsha
Honor Girl	publisher	Candlewick Press
Into the River	publisher	Mangakino University Press
Desolation Road	publisher	Spectra Books
Solar System Research	publisher	Pleiades Publishing and Springer Science+Business Media
Sister Outsider	publisher	Crossing Press
The Guilty	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Grandfather	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Super Turrican	publisher	Imagineer
Daughter of Sheena	publisher	Soureye Mehr
Switchblade	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Big Nate: Flips Out	publisher	HarperCollins Publishers
Torvak the Warrior	publisher	Core Design
Axel's Magic Hammer	publisher	Gremlin Interactive
Combinatorics, Probability and Computing	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Circle of Reason	publisher	Mariner Books
Gregor and the Code of Claw	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Répertoire du goût moderne	publisher	Editions Albert Levy
The Pregnant Man and Other Cases From a Hypnotherapist's Couch	publisher	Times Books/Random House
Magical Girl Raising Project	publisher	Takarajimasha
Magical Girl Raising Project	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Red Queen	publisher	HarperTeen
The Fiddler of the Reels	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Knoxville	publisher	Microsoft Studios
A Tale of Five Balloons	publisher	Poalim Library
Uprooted	publisher	Del Rey
Driving the future	publisher	Arcade Press
Fifty Short Science Fiction Tales	publisher	Collier Books
Modern Idyll	publisher	Otechestvennye Zapiski
Rastan	publisher	Taito Corporation
The Pedagogical Poem	publisher	Khudozhestvennaya Literatura
Lost Treasure	publisher	Parker Brothers
Fūka	publisher	Kodansha
American Journal of Industrial Medicine	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Empyrion - Galactic Survival	publisher	Eleon Game Studios
Pokémon Go	publisher	Niantic
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	DC Comics
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	IDW Publishing
Right & wrong : how to decide for yourself	publisher	Hodder
Child Abuse Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Can't Stop Won't Stop	publisher	Picador
Dancing in Cambodia and at Large in Burma	publisher	Ravi Dayal Publishers
The X-Files Season 11	publisher	IDW Publishing
12 Great Classics of Science Fiction	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Call and Post	publisher	Don King
Six Great Short Science Fiction Novels	publisher	Dell Publishing
Green on Blue	publisher	Scribner
Strong in the Rain	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Cow Country	publisher	Cow Eye Press
Opus	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
What a Wonderful World!	publisher	Shogakukan
Richmond Post	publisher	Post News Group
Street Fighter EX	publisher	Capcom
The Paris Architect	publisher	Sourcebooks
Captain Commando	publisher	Capcom
Goldfish Warning!	publisher	Kodansha
After War Gundam X	publisher	Kodansha
After War Gundam X	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Mazinger Z	publisher	Shueisha
Mazinger Z	publisher	Kodansha
Mazinger Z	publisher	Akita Shoten
Galaxy Angel	publisher	BROCCOLI
Galaxy Angel	publisher	Jive
Galaxy Angel	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Galaxy Angel	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Cutie Honey	publisher	Akita Shoten
Cutie Honey	publisher	Kodansha
Cutie Honey	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Cutie Honey	publisher	Fusosha
Cutie Honey	publisher	Futabasha
Devilman	publisher	Kodansha
Devilman	publisher	Jive
Devilman	publisher	Asahi Sonorama
Devilman	publisher	MediaWorks
Devilman	publisher	Akita Shoten
Another Part of the Galaxy	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Science Fiction Oddities	publisher	Berkley Books
The Information Officer	publisher	HarperCollins
The United States and Right-wing Dictatorships, 1965-1989	publisher	Cambridge University Press
The Raven: Legacy of a Master Thief	publisher	The Adventure Company
Journal of African Earth Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
South African Journal of Geology	publisher	Geological Society of South Africa
Progress in Neuro-Psychopharmacology & Biological Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier
International Journal of Modelling and Simulation	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Dilemma In Japan	publisher	Little, Brown & Co.
Engines of War	publisher	BBC Books
Engines of War	publisher	BBC Audio
Rare Earth	publisher	Copernicus
Evoland 2	publisher	Shiro Games
Thin Silver Thread	publisher	АСТ
Gravity Falls: Legend of the Gnome Gemulets	publisher	Ubisoft
Mullumbimby	publisher	University of Queensland Press, Australia
What Is Called Thinking%3F	publisher	1954
Robot: Super Color Comic	publisher	Wanimagazine
The Rose of Versailles	publisher	Shueisha
Shangri-La	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Commander in Chief	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
New Danganronpa V3: Minna no Koroshiai Shingakki	publisher	Spike Chunsoft
The Hollow Field	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Babylon's Ashes	publisher	Orbit Books
Historical Biology	publisher	Taylor & Francis
I Am Setsuna	publisher	Square Enix
Crossroads in Time	publisher	Permabooks
6 Great Short Novels of Science Fiction	publisher	Dell Publishing
Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue	publisher	Square Enix
Ryū ga Gotoku 6	publisher	Sega
The Fishermen	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Imam and the Indian	publisher	Ravi Dayal Publishers
The Dead House	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Truffaut	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Conception: Ore no Kodomo o Undekure!	publisher	Spike Chunsoft
A la juventud filipina	publisher	Manila Lyceum of Art and Literature
Rogue Lawyer	publisher	Doubleday
Tongue of the Fatman	publisher	Sanritsu
Crazy Frog Racer	publisher	Digital Jesters
Son of the Morning	publisher	Vanguard Press
My Grandfather Would Have Shot Me	publisher	New York : The Experiment
Nutrition Journal	publisher	BioMed Central
James Bond	publisher	Dynamite Entertainment
Southern Baptist Journal of Theology	publisher	Southern Baptist Theological Seminary
Southwestern Journal of Theology	publisher	Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary
Undeniable: Evolution and the Science of Creation	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Dagashi Kashi	publisher	Shogakukan
Final Fantasy Type-0 Online	publisher	Square Enix
Quest for a Throne	publisher	ROH Press
Quest for a Throne	publisher	Donath
Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games	publisher	Nintendo
Ratscalibur	publisher	Razorbill
Ascher: Fabric, Art, Fashion	publisher	Victoria and Albert Museum
Digimon World: Next Order	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Akane-chan	publisher	Kodansha
Umbrella Corps	publisher	Capcom
James Bond 007: Serpent's Tooth	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
J-League Soccer V-Shoot	publisher	Namco
Twin Tin Bots	publisher	Flatlined Games
Microsuperman	publisher	Akita Shoten
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Danger of the Ooze	publisher	Activision
The Burning Bush	publisher	Far Eastern Bible College
Frontiers in Energy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of Higher Education Press
An Involuntary Spy	publisher	Times Square Publishing
Les Voleurs de beauté	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Warhammer 40,000: Dark Nexus Arena	publisher	Whitebox Interactive
Call Me Dave	publisher	Biteback Publishing
Sword Art Online: Lost Song	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Saltbush Bill, J.P., and Other Verses	publisher	Angus and Robertson
I, Ripper	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Modern Baptists	publisher	Bookthrift Co.
Preppie!	publisher	Adventure International
Masha, or the Fourth Reich	publisher	Alma littera
List of the Lost	publisher	Penguin Group
13 Great Stories of Science Fiction	publisher	Gold Medal Books
17 X Infinity	publisher	Dell Publishing
The Excursion to Tilsit	publisher	J.G. Cotta
Prisoner in a Red-Rose Chain	publisher	Thistledown Press
Hybrid × Heart Magias Academy Ataraxia	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
The Year of the Runaways	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Luna: New Moon	publisher	Gollancz Science Fiction
Luna: New Moon	publisher	Tor
Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases	publisher	Elsevier
Golem Arcana	publisher	Harebrained Schemes
A Patriot's Act	publisher	Tate Publishing & Enterprises
The Master Algorithm	publisher	Basic Books
Jihad: The Rise of Militant Islam in Central Asia	publisher	Yale University Press
New York University Environmental Law Journal	publisher	New York University School of Law
Review of Palaeobotany and Palynology	publisher	Elsevier
The Creeping	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
Ni no Kuni mobile games	publisher	Level-5
Court of Fives	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation	publisher	Penguin Press
The Boy Who Knew Everything	publisher	Feiwel and Friends
Seven Come Infinity	publisher	Gold Medal Books
5 Unearthly Visions	publisher	Gold Medal Books
Getaway!	publisher	Atari Program Exchange
Deep South: Four Seasons on Back Roads	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Three Worlds of Welfare Capitalism	publisher	Princeton University Press
Unfinished Business: Women Men Work Family	publisher	Random House
Rhapsody	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
Modern Glamour: The Art of Unexpected Style	publisher	HarperCollins
Marvel Super Heroes: The Heroic Role-Playing Game	publisher	TSR
Deluxe City Campaign Set	publisher	TSR
Marvel Super Heroes Advanced Set	publisher	TSR
Children of the Atom	publisher	TSR
Avengers Coast-to-Coast	publisher	TSR
The Ultimate Powers Book	publisher	TSR
The Fantastic Four Compendium	publisher	TSR
The Infinite Sea	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Cosmos Cubed	publisher	TSR
The Left Hand of Eternity	publisher	TSR
Ragnarok and Roll	publisher	TSR
The Breeder Bombs	publisher	TSR
Time Trap	publisher	TSR
Lone Wolves	publisher	TSR
The Last Resort	publisher	TSR
Cat's Paw	publisher	TSR
Gates of What If%3F	publisher	TSR
Fault Line	publisher	TSR
Thunder Over Jotunheim	publisher	TSR
Murderworld!	publisher	TSR
Judge's Screen	publisher	TSR
Adventure Fold-Up Figures	publisher	TSR
Avengers Assembled!	publisher	TSR
Project Wideawake	publisher	TSR
Pit of the Viper	publisher	TSR
New York, New York	publisher	TSR
Weapons Locker	publisher	TSR
Realms of Magic	publisher	TSR
Secret Wars	publisher	TSR
Concrete Jungle	publisher	TSR
After Midnight	publisher	TSR
Night Moves	publisher	TSR
The Weird, Weird West	publisher	TSR
Nightmares of Futures Past	publisher	TSR
Secret Wars II	publisher	TSR
All This and World War II	publisher	TSR
The X-Potential	publisher	TSR
The Revenge of Kang	publisher	TSR
Mutating Mutants	publisher	TSR
Reap the Whirlwind	publisher	TSR
Flames of Doom	publisher	TSR
The Blood Cell	publisher	BBC Books
The Blood Cell	publisher	BBC Audio
The Accidental Admiral	publisher	Naval Institute Press
Days of Our Wives	publisher	Beau Selector
The Narrow Corner	publisher	Heinemann
Britannia	publisher	Headline
Brothers in Blood	publisher	Headline
Health Risk & Society	publisher	Routledge
Research in Astronomy and Astrophysics	publisher	IOP Publishing, on behalf of the National Astronomical Observatory of China and the Chinese Astronomical Society
Doce noches	publisher	Sudamericana
Killer.com	publisher	Times Square Publishing
Star-Myu	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Horrorstör	publisher	Quirk Books
Falklands '82	publisher	Personal Software Services
Lucifer and the Biscuit Hammer	publisher	Shōnen Gahōsha
The Diary of a Country Priest	publisher	Plon
Journal of Technical Writing and Communication	publisher	Sage Publications
Falling in Love With Hominids	publisher	Tachyon Publications
Confessions of a rebel	publisher	Partisan
Communications in Algebra	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Of Old Hearts and Swords	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Alderamin on the Sky	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Motor Mania	publisher	UMI
Primal Carnage: Extinction	publisher	Circle Five Studios
The Secret Chord	publisher	Viking Penguin
Beyond Natural Selection	publisher	MIT Press
Sword Art Online: Hollow Realization	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Did You Ever Have a Family	publisher	Gallery/Scout Press
Amanchu!	publisher	Mag Garden
Pac-Man 256	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Dragomon Hunter	publisher	Aeria Games
Big Book of Science Fiction	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
The Science Fiction Galaxy	publisher	Permabooks
Possible Worlds of Science Fiction	publisher	Vanguard Press
Journal of Intelligence History	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Yo-kai Watch	publisher	Nintendo
Strikefleet Omega	publisher	6
Black Mirror	publisher	Picador, Australia
Across Languages and Cultures	publisher	Akadémiai Kiadó
Hinamatsuri	publisher	Enterbrain
Hinamatsuri	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
A Stanza of Sunlight on the Banks of Brahmaputra	publisher	Philling Books, Spectrum Publications
Al-Bayan	publisher	Ibrahīm Al-Yāziǧī and Bišāra Zalzal
The Man Who Lost the Sea	publisher	Mercury Publications
Far Cry Primal	publisher	Ubisoft
Ancillary Mercy	publisher	Orbit Books
Why Is This Night Different From All Other Nights%3F	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Poet Anderson ...of Nightmares	publisher	To The Stars
Night Moves	publisher	Publishing Genius
Of the Subcontract	publisher	
Animal Reproduction Science	publisher	Elsevier
City on Fire	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Journal of Pentecostal Theology	publisher	Brill Publishers
Priscilla Papers	publisher	Christians for Biblical Equality
Grace Theological Journal	publisher	Grace Theological Seminary
Evolution Without Evidence	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
Tantei Team KZ Jiken Note	publisher	Kodansha
The Tournament at Gorlan	publisher	Random House
The Tournament at Gorlan	publisher	Philomel
The Gold at the Starbow's End	publisher	Condé Nast
Frontiers in Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of Higher Education Press
Citizen: An American Lyric	publisher	Graywolf Press /Penguin Books
The Consolations of the Forest	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Neuroepidemiology	publisher	Karger Publishers
Kiznaiver	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Academic Medicine	publisher	Association of American Medical Colleges
The Springing Tiger	publisher	Cassell
Evolution and the Humanities	publisher	Gower Publishing Company
Warriors of the Storm	publisher	HarperCollins
ODY-C	publisher	Image Comics
Kuma Miko: Girl Meets Bear	publisher	Media Factory
International Journal of Medicinal Mushrooms	publisher	Begell House
George	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
Gold Fame Citrus	publisher	Riverhead Books
Attack on Titan: Before the Fall	publisher	Kodansha
Acta Borealia	publisher	Routledge
The Traitor Baru Cormorant	publisher	Tor Books
Estuarine, Coastal and Shelf Science	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Estuarine Coastal Sciences Association
Journal of Strategic Information Systems	publisher	Elsevier
The Princess Mouse: A Tale of Finland	publisher	Atheneum Books for Young Readers
Italian Journal of Anatomy and Embryology	publisher	Firenze University Press
Strange Meetings: The Lives of the Poets of the Great War	publisher	Chatto & Windus
In the Vortex	publisher	Beseda magazine
All Right!	publisher	Gosizdat
Ad-Diya	publisher	Ibrahīm Al-Yāziǧī
Journal of the History of International Law	publisher	Martinus Nijhoff Publishers
4A games	publisher	Texas Instruments
Environmental Fluid Mechanics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Worms W.M.D	publisher	Team17
Indiareloaded	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Aquaculture Research	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Fisheries Research	publisher	Elsevier
Prostate Cancer and Prostatic Diseases	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Bridge of Spies	publisher	Broadway Books
Cat and Mouse	publisher	Street & Smith
Jamaica	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Tender Morsels	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
Neither a hawk nor a dove	publisher	Oxford University Press Pakistan
Gladiator: Vengeance	publisher	Penguin Books
Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide	publisher	Fatshark
Mistborn: The Bands of Mourning	publisher	Tor Books, Macmillan Audio
Art Deco of the 20s and 30s	publisher	Studio Vista
Love Rocks starring Shakira	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Dictator	publisher	Hutchinson
The Universal Magazine of Knowledge and Pleasure	publisher	John Hinton
Through the Night	publisher	Cappelen Damm
Harrow County	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow	publisher	Harvill Secker
Mahou Shoujo Nante Mouiidesukara	publisher	Earth Star Entertainment
EverQuest expansions	publisher	Sony Online Entertainment
EverQuest expansions	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
Nine Yards of Other Cloth	publisher	Mercury Publications
Brazilian Journal of Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Early Netherlandish Painting	publisher	Harvard University Press
Yo-kai Watch 2	publisher	Nintendo
One Piece: Burning Blood	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Apparition of Mrs. Veal	publisher	B. Bragg
Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash	publisher	Square Enix
Battlefield Germany	publisher	Personal Software Services
The Madeleine Heritage	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill, USA
Robert Kirkman's The Walking Dead: Descent	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books, a division of St. Martin's Press
Robert Kirkman's The Walking Dead: Invasion	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books, a division of St. Martin's Press
The Passage	publisher	Stanley Paul, England
Beyblade: Burst	publisher	Shogakukan
Ogre	publisher	Origin Systems
Civilization: Beyond Earth - Rising Tide	publisher	2
The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships	publisher	Dey Street Books
Neuro-Oncology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tomodachi x Monster	publisher	Futabasha
Chain Chronicle	publisher	Kodansha
Man-Shy	publisher	Angus & Robertson, Australia
Al-Jamia	publisher	Farah Antun
Shadow Puppeteer	publisher	Snow Cannon Games
The puzzle of the fish canal	publisher	Elmi-Farhangi Publication
Great Stories of Space Travel	publisher	Grosset & Dunlap
Dimension 4	publisher	Jove Books
Hamtaro	publisher	Nintendo
Hamtaro	publisher	Riverdeep
Hell's Foundations Quiver	publisher	Tor Books
Journal of Adolescence	publisher	Elsevier
Negroland: A Memoir	publisher	Pantheon Books
Supraball	publisher	SupraGames
Heavy Fire	publisher	Teyon
Heavy Fire	publisher	Mastiff
Awaiting Strange Gods: Weird and Lovecraftian Fictions	publisher	Fedogan & Bremer
The Sympathizer	publisher	Grove Atlantic
Persoonia	publisher	National Herbarium of the Netherlands
The People in the Trees	publisher	Doubleday
Welcome to Night Vale	publisher	Harper Perennial Orbit Books
Fat Princess Adventures	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Studime Filologjike	publisher	Albanian Institute of Linguistics and Literature
Creatures of Circumstance	publisher	Heinemann
Creatures of Circumstance	publisher	Doubleday Doran
Big Order	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Suske en Wiske Weekblad	publisher	Standaard Uitgeverij
Downwell	publisher	Devolver Digital
Scandinavian Unexceptionalism	publisher	Institute of Economic Affairs
The Last Debut	publisher	Russian Satirical Leaflet
The Last Debut	publisher	Khudozhestvennaya Literatura
Time Without Clocks	publisher	Cheshire
Through Darkest Pondelayo	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Art Deco Architecture: Design, Decoration and Detail from the Twenties and Thirties	publisher	Harry N. Abrams
Girls Beyond the Wasteland	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Prodigal Judge	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill Company
Let This Be Our Secret	publisher	Gill & Macmillan/ Penguin
Wrath of the Furies	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Alice in Murderland	publisher	Kodansha
This Book Loves You	publisher	Razorbill
Another Life: A Memoir of Other People	publisher	Random House
Acta Facultatis Pharmaceuticae Universitatis Comenianae	publisher	Walter de Gruyter
A Line in the Sand	publisher	Strategic Simulations
Pandora in the Crimson Shell: Ghost Urn	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Looney Tunes	publisher	Sunsoft
Dragonfish: A Novel	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
La Cartografía Mallorquina	publisher	CSIC
Neurotoxicity Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Memoir From Antproof Case	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Great Science Fiction by Scientists	publisher	Collier Books
Invaders of Earth	publisher	Vanguard Press
Firefly Role-Playing Game	publisher	Margaret Weis Productions, Ltd
The Pope and Mussolini	publisher	Random House Publishing Group
New Game!	publisher	Houbunsha
JAMA Oncology	publisher	American Medical Association
The Fireman	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Gem Tower Defense	publisher	Blizzard Warcraft III, Starcraft II
Gem Tower Defense	publisher	Gem Tower Defense
Gem Tower Defense	publisher	Niugnep Software, LLC
Gem Tower Defense	publisher	Pavlo Timoshkin
Disagreeable Tales	publisher	Dentu
Pathological Altruism	publisher	Oxford University Press
Tweety and the Magic Gems	publisher	Kemco
Història de la Marina Catalana	publisher	Encyclopedia Catalana Aedos
List of Monster Jam video games	publisher	Ubi Soft Entertainment
List of Monster Jam video games	publisher	Marvel Comics
List of Monster Jam video games	publisher	Ubisoft
List of Monster Jam video games	publisher	Activision
My Official Wife	publisher	Home Publishing ; Routledge
NBA	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Memorias históricas	publisher	Antonio de Sancha editor
Detroit: Become Human	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
The Late Age of Print	publisher	Columbia University Press
Tokiwa Kitareri	publisher	Shogakukan
Flesh in Armour	publisher	Phaedrus Books, Australia
Journal of Faculty of Engineering	publisher	University of Tehran Press
The White Masai	publisher	Harper Collins
The Glass Closet: Why Coming Out Is Good Business	publisher	Harper Business
Gran Turismo Sport	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt	publisher	Shogakukan
Miracles of the Namiya General Store	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Science Fiction Thinking Machines	publisher	Vanguard Press
Resilience: Hard-Won Wisdom for Living a Better Life	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Operation Future	publisher	Permabooks
Wild	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Batman and Robin Eternal	publisher	DC Comics
A Government that Worked Better and Cost Less%3F	publisher	Oxford University Press
Good Profit	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Good Profit	publisher	Little, Brown Book Group
Ring of Steel: Germany and Austria-Hungary at War, 1914-1918	publisher	Basic Books
Comics and Conflict	publisher	Naval Institute Press
The Bin Ladens: An Arabian Family in the American Century	publisher	Penguin Press
Last Stand at Khe Sanh: The U.S. Marines’ Finest Hour in Vietnam	publisher	Da Capo Press
The Ex-Wives	publisher	William Heinemann Ltd
Zero Time Dilemma	publisher	Spike Chunsoft
Pageant	publisher	Century, USA
The Last Federation	publisher	Arcen Games
Archives of Family Medicine	publisher	American Medical Association
Climate Change Denial: Heads in the Sand	publisher	Earthscan from Routledge
Recasting Women: Essays in Colonial History	publisher	Kali for Women
Recasting Women: Essays in Colonial History	publisher	Zubaan Books
Men's Non-no	publisher	Shueisha
Lying	publisher	Four Elephants Press
Fear of Physics: A Guide for the Perplexed	publisher	Basic Books
The Turn of the Tortoise	publisher	Allen Lane
The Fifth Essence	publisher	Basic Books
The Emergency	publisher	Viking Books
Sumo	publisher	Taschen
Cross Cultural & Strategic Management	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Scientific knowledge and its social problems	publisher	Transaction Publishers
At-Tabib	publisher	Ibrahīm Al-Yāziǧī; Bišāra Zalzal; Ḫalīl Saʿāda
Earth's Quality	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Australia
The Story of Diva and Flea	publisher	Disney-Hyperion
Los Altísimos	publisher	Ediciones Universitarias de Valparaíso
Heavy Gear	publisher	Activision
Heavy Gear II	publisher	Activision
Gruhabhanga	publisher	Sahitya Bhandara, Bangalore
Platinum End	publisher	Shueisha
Alfred Hitchcock Presents: The Final Cut	publisher	Ubisoft
Super Hero Generation	publisher	Bandai Namco Games
Pneuma: Breath of Life	publisher	Deco Digital, Bevel Studios
Murder in the Abbey	publisher	DreamCatcher Interactive
Murder in the Abbey	publisher	Crimson Cow
Second Thoughts Are Best	publisher	W. Meadows
Jazz and Faust	publisher	1
What Never Dies	publisher	A. Lemerre
Women of Owu	publisher	University Press PLC
Kingdom	publisher	Raw Fury Games
The Snow Queen	publisher	Mosaic Publishing
The Wrath of Magra	publisher	Carnell Software
The Wrath of Magra	publisher	Mastervision
Sentinel: Descendants in Time	publisher	The Adventure Company
Randal's Monday	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
The Hypochondriac	publisher	Moskvityanin magazine
A Quiet Weekend in Capri	publisher	Got Game Entertainment
Forever Worlds: Enter the Unknown	publisher	The Adventure Company
The West	publisher	Izvestiya, Parizhsky Vestnik, Krasnaya Niva, Krasnaya Nov
The West	publisher	Gosizdat
Tawala's Last Redoubt	publisher	Broderbund
Bird Mother	publisher	Creative Sparks
Anthropic Bias: Observation Selection Effects in Science and Philosophy	publisher	Routledge
Lode Runner's Rescue	publisher	Synapse Software
Beaky and the Egg Snatchers	publisher	Fantasy Software
Human Enhancement	publisher	Oxford University Press
Legacy: Dark Shadows	publisher	GMX Media
4 for the Future	publisher	Jove Books
Worlds of When	publisher	Jove Books
Global Catastrophic Risks	publisher	Oxford University Press
Welcome to Marwencol	publisher	Princeton Architectural Press
The Wizard of Oz	publisher	Windham Classics
Alice in Wonderland	publisher	Windham Classics
Unstoppable: Harnessing Science to Change the World	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Paragon	publisher	Epic Games
Annals of the Carnegie Museum	publisher	Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Love's Rite: Same-Sex Marriage in India and the West	publisher	Penguin Books India
The Colored American	publisher	Edward Elder Cooper
Time is the Simplest Thing	publisher	Doubleday
Don't All Thank Me At Once	publisher	125
Mermaid Madness	publisher	Electric Dreams Software
Hunger Makes Me A Modern Girl	publisher	Virago Press
Hunger Makes Me A Modern Girl	publisher	Riverhead Books
Test Match	publisher	John Waddington Limited
Test Match	publisher	John Sands Pty. Ltd.
Shadow World	publisher	Synapse Software
Junk Jack	publisher	Pixbits
Slime	publisher	Synapse Software
Conquest Earth	publisher	Eidos Interactive
The Other Country	publisher	Penguin Books India
Submarine Commander	publisher	Thorn EMI
Journal of Aggression, Maltreatment & Trauma	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Park	publisher	Funcom
The Voice of Human Justice	publisher	Ansariyan Publications
The Last Star	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Please Tell Me! Galko-chan	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Joy	publisher	Plon
Hundra	publisher	Dinamic Software
Hundra	publisher	Mastertronic
Turning on the Girls	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
What Can't Wait	publisher	Carolrhoda Lab
Crippled America	publisher	Threshold Editions
The Immortal Nicholas	publisher	Mercury Radio Arts
Archie vs. Predator	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Archie vs. Predator	publisher	Archie Comics
Chlorophylle	publisher	Lombard Editions
Chlorophylle	publisher	Tintin magazine
Champions of Anteria	publisher	Ubisoft
Journal of Community Health	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Fire Hawk: Thexder - The Second Contact	publisher	Game Arts
Fire Hawk: Thexder - The Second Contact	publisher	Sierra On-Line
Freddie Steinmark: Faith, Family, Football	publisher	University of Texas Press
Unkilled	publisher	Madfinger Games
Return to Coolami	publisher	Collins, England
Cori, de Scheepsjongen	publisher	Lombard Editions
Cori, de Scheepsjongen	publisher	Tintin magazine
That Mean Old Yesterday	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Notes from Underground	publisher	Beaufort Books
Collection of Poems. 1889–1903	publisher	Scorpion, 1903
Esperanto	publisher	World Esperanto Association
The Song of Songs	publisher	J.G. Cotta
The Aesthetic Contract	publisher	Stanford University Press
Chicken	publisher	Synapse Software
Bijdragen tot de Geschiedenis	publisher	UFSIA
Feather Man	publisher	Brandl and Schlesinger, Australia
The Paying Guests	publisher	Virago Press
Love in Hell	publisher	Futabasha
The Triumph of the Farmer or Industry and Parasitism	publisher	Russkoye Delo
The Triumph of the Farmer or Industry and Parasitism	publisher	The Intermediary
Shamus: Case II	publisher	Synapse Software
Five-Odd	publisher	Jove Books
The Dark-Thirty	publisher	Random House
Battle Rabbits	publisher	Ichijinsha
Ooya-san wa Shishunki!	publisher	Houbunsha
The Religion of the Future	publisher	2014
China: The Forbidden City	publisher	R&P Electronic Media
SubStance	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
The Forbidden Game	publisher	Oneworld Publications
Studia Albanica	publisher	Academy of Sciences of Albania
13 Above the Night	publisher	Dell Publishing
Nintendo Badge Arcade	publisher	Nintendo
The Light of Day	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The Oath	publisher	Attic Entertainment
Says Seth	publisher	White Lightning Publishing
Al Unser Jr. Arcade Racing	publisher	Mindscape
The One Who Got Away	publisher	Triplicity Publishing, LLC
Friday the 13th: The Game	publisher	Gun Media
Asmodeus: Tajemný kraj Ruthaniolu	publisher	2K Czech
QQ Sweeper	publisher	Shogakukan
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD	publisher	Nintendo
Dimension X	publisher	Synapse Software
Democracy Realized: The Progressive Alternative	publisher	1998
Kingdom Conquest II	publisher	Sega
Breach & Clear	publisher	Gun Media
Breach & Clear	publisher	Gambitious Digital Entertainment
Breach & Clear	publisher	Devolver Digital
The Idolmaster Must Songs	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Rowans Ruin	publisher	Boom! Studios
Birds of the World: Recommended English Names	publisher	A & C Black
Birds of the World: Recommended English Names	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto	publisher	HarperCollins
Kaizō Chōjin Shubibinman 3: Ikai no Princess	publisher	NEC
Kaze Kiri	publisher	Naxat Soft
Return of the Ninja	publisher	Natsume
The Leisure Hour	publisher	Religious Tract Society
Black Silent Majority: The Rockefeller Drug Laws and the Politics of Punishment	publisher	Harvard University Press
Darwin and the Darwinian Revolution	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Planet of Peril	publisher	A. C. McClurg
Indelible Ink	publisher	Scribe Publishing, Australia
Theses on the Socialist Rural Question in Our Country	publisher	Pyongyang: Workers' Party of Korea Publishing House
Theses on the Socialist Rural Question in Our Country	publisher	Pyongyang: Foreign Languages Publishing House
Arthritis Research & Therapy	publisher	BioMed Central
What is Philosophy%3F	publisher	1956
Nobody Can Love You More	publisher	Penguin Books India
Terra Nova	publisher	John Wiley & Sons Ltd
The Misfit Economy	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Aging	publisher	Impact Journals
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs	publisher	Coward-McCann
History of Saudi Arabia & Wahabism	publisher	Xlibris
James Bond 007: The Quasimodo Gambit	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Tetris Blitz	publisher	Electronic Arts
Reflec Beat Volzza	publisher	Konami
Pharmacy and Therapeutics	publisher	MediMedia
The English Huswife	publisher	Roger Jackson
Virtual Sky	publisher	International Virtual Aviation Organisation
The Solitude of Compassion	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Sold Out	publisher	Simon & Schuster Audio/Mercury Ink
Australasian Physical & Engineering Sciences in Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Cambridge History of Chinese Literature	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Party Hard	publisher	TinyBuild Games
Valkyria: Azure Revolution	publisher	Sega
Hardware: Rivals	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Heretic: Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now	publisher	Harper
The Kukotsky Enigma	publisher	Northwestern University Press
The Future of American Progressivism: An Initiative for Political and Economic Reform	publisher	1999
It's All in Your Head	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Netter's Essential Histology	publisher	Elsevier/Saunders
Elinor Fettiplace's Receipt Book	publisher	The Salamander Press in association with Penguin Books
Missiology	publisher	Sage Publications
Unclaimed baggage	publisher	White Lightning Publishing
Afro Samurai 2	publisher	Versus Evil
Rolling the R's	publisher	Kaya Press
The Language of Flowers	publisher	Ballantine Books
Pokémon Picross	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Wonders of the Universe	publisher	Collins
Why Does E=mc²%3F	publisher	Da Capo Press
Wonders of the Solar System	publisher	Collins
Reading Madame Bovary	publisher	Black Inc, Australia
A korao no New Zealand	publisher	George Howe
Wonders of Life	publisher	Harper Design
Human Universe	publisher	William Collins
Concise Encyclopedia of Supersymmetry and Noncommutative Structures in Mathematics and Physics	publisher	*
Concise Encyclopedia of Supersymmetry and Noncommutative Structures in Mathematics and Physics	publisher	Kluwer Academic Publishers
Concise Encyclopedia of Supersymmetry and Noncommutative Structures in Mathematics and Physics	publisher	2004
Concise Encyclopedia of Supersymmetry and Noncommutative Structures in Mathematics and Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Concise Encyclopedia of Supersymmetry and Noncommutative Structures in Mathematics and Physics	publisher	2005
My True Love Gave To Me: Twelve Holiday Stories	publisher	St. Martin's Press
George and the Unbreakable Code	publisher	Doubleday Childrens
Iwo Jima	publisher	Personal Software Services
Katy	publisher	Puffin Books
The Stone Flower	publisher	The Union of Soviet Writers
The East and the West	publisher	Vedanta Society, New York
Of the Red, the Light, and the Ayakashi	publisher	Media Factory
Night of the Twisters	publisher	Harper
Medical Anthropology	publisher	Routledge
Fates and Furies	publisher	Riverhead Books
Dumplin'	publisher	Balzer + Bray
Gurzain	publisher	Khowar Academy
Kamamohitham	publisher	DC Books
Computational Geometry	publisher	Elsevier
Eyes in the Fishbowl	publisher	Atheneum
Medical Physics	publisher	American Institute of Physics
Side Effects May Vary	publisher	Balzer + Bray
IndyCar Series 2005	publisher	Codemasters
History of the Ancient World	publisher	Progress Publishers
American Law and Economics Review	publisher	Oxford University Press
Crimefighters	publisher	TSR
In the Dark	publisher	Russkoye Bogatstvo
In the Dark	publisher	Khudozhestvennaya Literatura
Fast Racing Neo	publisher	Shin'en Multimedia
God Sent Me	publisher	Blossom Press
Maho Girls PreCure!	publisher	Kodansha
Preparation for the Next Life	publisher	Tyrant Books
Malicious Intent	publisher	Macmillan, Australia
Flora Antarctica	publisher	Reeve Brothers
Gunnm: Mars Chronicle	publisher	Kodansha
Narendra Dai	publisher	Sajha Prakasan
Geofísica Internacional	publisher	Instituto de Geofísica, UNAM
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA X	publisher	Sega
Tel-Aviv University Law Review	publisher	Tel Aviv University
Chara	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Moonstar Odyssey	publisher	Signet Books
Dark Horse	publisher	Penguin Books, Australia
Witch & Wizard: The Kiss	publisher	Little Brown and Company
Shōnen Maid	publisher	Enterbrain
The Thanksgiving Story	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
DomiNations	publisher	Nexon
Justice Quarterly	publisher	Routledge
The Case Study of Vanitas	publisher	Square Enix
A Strangeness in My Mind	publisher	Yapi Kredi Yayinlari
The Good Daughter	publisher	Penguin Books, Australia
The Gay Revolution: The Story of the Struggle	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Coffin of Cerebrum	publisher	Kill Time Communication
Studies in Indian Politics	publisher	Sage Publications on behalf of the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies
Danganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak High School	publisher	Kodansha
The James Bond Films: A Behind the Scenes History	publisher	Arlington House Publishers
The Graveyard of the Hesperides	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Transcription	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Journal of Experimental Criminology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Self Awakened: Pragmatism Unbound	publisher	2007
The Battlers	publisher	Victor Gollancz Ltd, UK
Attack on Titan	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Neuromodulation	publisher	John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Neuromodulation Society
Silver Hoof	publisher	Sverdlovsk Publishing House
Nijigahara Holograph	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Not Lives	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Tom & Jerry: The Movie	publisher	Sega
The Bitch	publisher	Virgin Books
Journal of Iberian Geology	publisher	Universidad Complutense de Madrid
The Secret Society	publisher	Penguin Books South Africa
My Girlfriend is a T-Rex	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
ACM Transactions on Computer Systems	publisher	Association for Computing Machinery
Colonial Conquest	publisher	Ubisoft
Ace Combat 7	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Out on Blue Six	publisher	Spectra Books
MLB The Show 16	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Karan Ghelo	publisher	* Gurjar Granthratna Karyalaya \n*
Karan Ghelo	publisher	Penguin Books
Karan Ghelo	publisher	India
The Emperor and the Kite	publisher	Putnam and Grosset
Collection of Poems. Book 2. 1903-1909	publisher	Musaget  Publishers, 1910
Tobruk	publisher	Personal Software Services
We Should All Be Feminists	publisher	Fourth Estate
Texas Studies in Literature and Language	publisher	University of Texas Press
Dungeon Meshi	publisher	Enterbrain
Where the Dead Men Lie, and Other Poems	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Fire-Fairy	publisher	Sverdlovsk Publishing House
The Social Science Journal	publisher	Elsevier
The Pleasantries of the Incredible Mulla Nasrudin	publisher	Octagon Press
The Pleasantries of the Incredible Mulla Nasrudin	publisher	The Idries Shah Foundation
Star Wars: The Force Awakens	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Wars: Lost Stars	publisher	Del Rey Books
Annals of Pediatric Surgery	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Hard West	publisher	Gambitious Digital Entertainment
Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Attachments	publisher	Dutton
Crucible	publisher	Del Rey Books
Journal of Criminal Justice	publisher	Elsevier
Prince of Stride	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Prince of Stride	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Out of the Easy	publisher	Philomel Books
Asia Pacific Media Educator	publisher	Sage Publications
Annals of Library and Information Studies	publisher	Indian National Scientific Documentation Centre
Season of the Witch: How the Occult Saved Rock and Roll	publisher	Tarcher
The New York Apartment Houses of Rosario Candela and James Carpenter	publisher	Acanthus Press
Latin American Journal of Sedimentology and Basin Analysis	publisher	Asociación Argentina de Sedimentología
Post-Communist Economies	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Red Web	publisher	PublicAffairs
Viva Football	publisher	Virgin Interactive
American Pool	publisher	Digicube
American Pool	publisher	Mud Duck Productions
American Pool	publisher	Midas Interactive Entertainment
Pete Sampras Tennis '97	publisher	Codemasters
Deep Space: Eight Stories of Science Fiction	publisher	Thomas Nelson
Football Madness	publisher	Phoenix Games
Dark Matter and the Dinosaurs	publisher	Harper Collins: Ecco Press
Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid	publisher	Futabasha
Memories, the real history of this republic since the year 1808	publisher	Fondo DCLXXIV
Close to the Bone	publisher	Orion
Hideout	publisher	Shogakukan
Hideout	publisher	Ki-oon
Dali's Mustache	publisher	Simon & Schuster 1984: Les Éditions Arthaud, 1995: Éditions Flammarion
Fairy Tail: Blue Mistral	publisher	Kodansha
Reach for Infinity	publisher	Solaris Books
SPQR: A History of Ancient Rome	publisher	Liveright & Company
Archie	publisher	Archie Comics
The Bird's Nest	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Young
Fairy Tail Zero	publisher	Kodansha
The Blue Feather	publisher	Mammoth Australia
SteamWorld Heist	publisher	Image & Form
In the Grip of Terror	publisher	Permabooks
The Mystery of the Jewelled Moth	publisher	Egmont Publishing
The Philosopher Kings	publisher	Tor Books
SpeedRunners	publisher	TinyBuild Games
Live Wire!	publisher	Square Enix Europe
The Bible Translator	publisher	Sage Publications
Indian Journal of Theology	publisher	Bishop's College and Serampore College
Batman: The Telltale Series	publisher	Telltale Games
Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak	publisher	Gearbox Software
International Journal of Drug Policy	publisher	Elsevier
On a Moonlit Night	publisher	Russkoye Bogatstvo
On a Moonlit Night	publisher	Khudozhestvennaya Literatura
Miracle Girls Festival	publisher	Sega
The Supernatural Reader	publisher	J. B. Lippincott & Co.
Memoirs of a Professional Cad	publisher	Avon
Hitman: Sniper	publisher	Square Enix
Trust No Fox on his Green Heath and No Jew on his Oath	publisher	Stürmer Publishing House
Harlem's Rattlers and the Great War	publisher	University Press of Kansas
For Cause and Comrades: Why Men Fought in the Civil War	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Destructive War: William Tecumseh Sherman, Stonewall Jackson, and the Americans	publisher	Vintage Books
Qualidea Code	publisher	Shueisha
Qualidea Code	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Qualidea Code	publisher	Media Factory
Qualidea Code	publisher	Shogakukan
Crisis	publisher	Hogrefe Publishing
The Cats' Bridge	publisher	Frankfurter Societäts-druckerei
Ortadoğu Analiz	publisher	Center for Middle Eastern Strategic Studies
The Soul of the World	publisher	Princeton University Press
Lego Nexo Knights	publisher	The LEGO Group
When Washington Was in Vogue	publisher	HarperCollins
Mayihlome News	publisher	www.musuku.co.za
Five Nights at Freddy's: The Silver Eyes	publisher	CreateSpace
Break the Chains	publisher	Scottish Socialist Party
Star Wars: Shattered Empire	publisher	Marvel Comics
Paris	publisher	Double Day
Star Trek Timelines	publisher	Disruptor Beam
Warhammer 40,000: Space Wolf	publisher	HeroCraft, Ltd.
Asian Journal of Management Cases	publisher	Sage Publications
Substance Use & Misuse	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Front Lines	publisher	Egmont Publishing
The Graveyard Reader	publisher	Ballantine Books
Br-r-r-!	publisher	Avon
The Britannia's Fist Trilogy	publisher	Potomac Books
Night School	publisher	Bantam Press
Night School	publisher	Dell Publishing
Prevention & Treatment	publisher	American Psychological Association
Golden Hair	publisher	Sverdlovsk Publishing House
Design for Bidding	publisher	Nicholson & Watson
Extraordinary Retribution	publisher	Twice Pi Press
Journal of Drug Issues	publisher	Sage Publications in association with the Florida State University College of Criminology and Criminal Justice
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World	publisher	HarperOne
Devilian	publisher	Trion Worlds (  )\nGamevil (  )
Health Policy	publisher	Elsevier
Witness: Passing the Torch of Holocaust Memory to New Generations	publisher	Second Story Press
Monkey Business	publisher	Strand Magazine
Journal of Safety Research	publisher	Jointly published by Elsevier and the National Safety Council
The Penultimate Curiosity	publisher	Oxford University Press
URF Asian Records	publisher	Universal Records Forum
Island of Silence	publisher	Aladdin
The Japanese Era Rangoon General Hospital	publisher	Nay Yi Yi
The Japanese Era Rangoon General Hospital	publisher	Zabe Oo
The Japanese Era Rangoon General Hospital	publisher	Myanmar Book Centre
Daughter of Time Trilogy	publisher	Twice Pi Press
Clockwork Planet	publisher	Kodansha
Clockwork Planet	publisher	Kodansha
Avenue of Mysteries	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Christ, the Messenger	publisher	The Vedanta Centre, Boston
The Half-Hearted	publisher	Thomas Nelson and Sons Ltd
Archives of Suicide Research	publisher	Routledge
The Science Fiction Bestiary	publisher	Thomas Nelson
The American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology	publisher	Wolters Kluwer
Going Into the City	publisher	Dey Street Books
Directions to Servants	publisher	R. Dodsley & M. Cooper
Pediatric Anesthesia	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity	publisher	BioMed Central
Audition Room	publisher	Educreation Publishing
The Don Rosa Library	publisher	Fantagraphics Books
A God Who Hates Women	publisher	Fingerprint Press
Visit to Godenholm	publisher	107
Acta Psychologica	publisher	Elsevier
Androids, Time Machines and Blue Giraffes	publisher	Follett Publishing Company
Asian Journal of Legal Education	publisher	Sage Publications
Drug and Alcohol Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Konami
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Image Works
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Ultra Games
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Ubisoft
Night Is Darkest	publisher	Plon
The Crime of the Congo	publisher	Hutchinson & Co
Polar Biology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Ursus	publisher	International Association for Bear Research and Management
Molecular Ecology Resources	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of Pediatric Psychology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Ecology and Evolution	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Marine Mammal Science	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Mr Potter Takes a Rest Cure	publisher	Liberty
The Rise of Minna Nordstrom	publisher	Strand Magazine
Swords and Sorcery	publisher	Personal Software Services
UFAW Handbook	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Racing the Rain	publisher	Scribner
Criticism and Truth	publisher	The Athlone Press
Dubrovnik Annals	publisher	Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Mendon-Honeoye Falls-Lima Sentinel	publisher	Christopher Carosa
It Ended Badly	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
The Big Mo	publisher	Virgin Books , Harper Collins
My Story	publisher	Random House
Numero Zero	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Numero Zero	publisher	Harvill Secker
A Game of Thrones: Second Edition	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Twisted	publisher	Belmont Books
Healthy and Halal Choice	publisher	Xlibris
Into the Light from the Darkness	publisher	Xlibris
The Left Alternative	publisher	2009
International Journal of Psychology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Psychological Science
Mahomet and His Successors	publisher	The Co-operative Publication Society, Inc.
Xinjiang: China's Muslim Borderland	publisher	Routledge
Infant Mental Health Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
SimplePlanes	publisher	Jundroo LLC
Can & Can'tankerous	publisher	Subterranean Press
The Gun	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Sexualization, Media, and Society	publisher	Sage Publications
Freefall 3050 A.D.	publisher	DVD International
Always Sometimes Monsters	publisher	Devolver Digital
Ojisan to Marshmallow	publisher	Ichijinsha
Hacettepe Journal of Mathematics and Statistics	publisher	Hacettepe University
Eben Holden	publisher	Daniel Lothrop
Injury	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media	publisher	Routledge
Inuyasha	publisher	Bandai
Manufactured Crisis: The Untold Story of the Iran Nuclear Scare	publisher	Just World Books
Asia-Pacific Journal of Management Research and Innovation	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Creating Value	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Applied Statistics	publisher	Taylor & Francis
To Sell is Human	publisher	Riverhead Hardcover
Studies in Mycology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of CBS-KNAW Fungal Biodiversity Centre
The AAPS Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists
AAPS PharmSciTech	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists
Been There, Done That	publisher	New American Library
EA Sports UFC 2	publisher	Electronic Arts
Even Dogs in the Wild	publisher	Orion
Plant Disease	publisher	American Phytopathological Society
Pillars of Eternity: The White March	publisher	Paradox Interactive
IBM Journal of Research and Development	publisher	IBM
Journal of Mammalian Evolution	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Experimental Marine Biology and Ecology	publisher	Elsevier
Systematic and Applied Microbiology	publisher	Elsevier
Cantilenae Intelectuales de Phoenice Redivivo	publisher	Rome, 1622
Applied Microbiology and Biotechnology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Journal of Dermatology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society of Dermatology
Journal of Molecular and Cellular Cardiology	publisher	Elsevier
Russian Chemical Reviews	publisher	IOP Publishing
Clinical Neuropharmacology	publisher	Lippincott
Clinical Neuropharmacology	publisher	Williams & Wilkins
Journal of Virological Methods	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology
Journal of Helminthology	publisher	Cambridge University Press
European Journal of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the European Society for Vascular Surgery
Tripus Aureus	publisher	Lucas Jennis, Frankfurt.
Idea Man: A Memoir by the Cofounder of Microsoft	publisher	Penguin Group
Molecular Biology Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Fish Diseases	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Akzente	publisher	Carl Hanser Verlag
Akzente	publisher	Munich
The American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Legal Medicine	publisher	Taylor & Francis
International Journal of Psychophysiology	publisher	International Organization of Psychophysiology and Elsevier
Ashes of the Singularity	publisher	Stardock Entertainment
The Final Last of the Ultimate End	publisher	Opus Press
Psychic Blues: Confessions of a Conflicted Medium	publisher	Feral House
American Cinematographer Manual	publisher	American Cinematographer
International Journal of Food Microbiology	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the International Union of Microbiological Societies Committee on Food Microbiology and Hygiene
Journal of Raptor Research	publisher	Raptor Research Foundation
Journal of Wildlife Diseases	publisher	Wildlife Disease Association
Deadly Assets	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Public Choice	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Environmental Quality	publisher	American Society of Agronomy
Journal of Environmental Quality	publisher	Crop Science Society of America
Journal of Environmental Quality	publisher	Soil Science Society of America
Morning and Evening	publisher	Det Norske Samlaget
The DV Rebel's Guide	publisher	Peachpit Press
Raven's Cry	publisher	University of Washington Press
Suuri illusioni	publisher	Werner Söderström Osakeyhtiö
Boy	publisher	Boriswood
In the Cold Dark Ground	publisher	Harper Collins
Rachel Rising	publisher	Abstract Studios
In the Blink of an Eye	publisher	Silman-James Press
Mordheim: City of the Damned	publisher	Focus Home Interactive
Inside	publisher	Playdead
Bloodthirsty: One Nation Under Water	publisher	Titan Books
Mathematika	publisher	University College London
Mathematika	publisher	London Mathematical Society
You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine	publisher	HarperCollins
Kurosaki-kun no Iinari ni Nante Naranai	publisher	Kodansha
International Review of Psychiatry	publisher	Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Institute of Psychiatry
A Bouquet of Swami Vivekananda's Writings	publisher	Advaita Ashrama
Applied Computer Science	publisher	Institute of Technological Systems of Information
Immunity of Heads of State and State Officials for International Crimes	publisher	Brill Publishers
Austerlitz	publisher	Mirrorsoft
Screenplay	publisher	Dell Publishing Company
Stairs	publisher	Digital Tribe Games
The Brueghel Moon	publisher	Dalkey Archive Press
Keep Calm	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Free Trade Reimagined: The World Division of Labor and the Method of Economics	publisher	2007
Traffic Injury Prevention	publisher	Taylor & Francis
The Twelve Keys of Basil Valentine	publisher	Johann Thölde
Ichigensan	publisher	Shueisha
Ichigensan	publisher	Ozaru Books
Clash Royale	publisher	Supercell
From the Land of the Moon	publisher	Europa editions
Oxenfree	publisher	Night School Studio
TechnoFeminism	publisher	Polity Press
Target, International Journal of Translation Studies	publisher	John Benjamins
Behavioral Sciences & the Law	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Hearing Research	publisher	Elsevier
Vince and Kath	publisher	ABS-CBN Publishing Incorporated
Letters to a Young Scientist	publisher	Liveright
The Battle For Midway	publisher	Personal Software Services
The Comet	publisher	Archant
Brazilian Journal of Geology	publisher	Sociedade Brasileira de Geologia
Magic of Stella	publisher	Houbunsha
L'Exigence	publisher	Éditions Grasset
Hotel	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
The Modern Cook	publisher	Richard Bentley & Son
Nesthäkchen's Teenage Years	publisher	SF Tafel
Rhymes from the Mines and Other Lines	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Nesthäkchen and the World War	publisher	Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag
Trans Bodies, Trans Selves	publisher	Oxford University Press
Dermatologic Surgery	publisher	American Society for Dermatologic Surgery
Dermatologic Surgery	publisher	Lippincott
Dermatologic Surgery	publisher	Williams & Wilkins
Lady Midnight	publisher	Simon & Schuster
I Got This Hat	publisher	Harper Collins
Carnival	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Nature Microbiology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Postcolonial Theory and the Specter of Capital	publisher	Verso
The Night Ferry	publisher	Hachette, Australia
Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics	publisher	American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
International Review of Law and Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Een Bloemhof	publisher	The author
Outsider in the White House	publisher	Verso Books
The Deadly Tower of Monsters	publisher	Atlus
Hidden Harvest	publisher	ECW Press
The Golden Cage	publisher	Kales Press
Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Editorial Council for the Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry
The Tears of the White Man	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Demystifying Islam	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
FNaF World	publisher	Scott Cawthon
Nesthäkchen Flies From the Nest	publisher	SF Tafel
The Ministry of Nostalgia	publisher	Verso Books
Tibet on Fire	publisher	Verso Books
The Good-Luck Horse	publisher	Whittlesey House
Black Holes, Wormholes and Time Machines	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Natsuiro High School: Seishun Hakusho	publisher	D3 Publisher
We Stand On Guard	publisher	Image Comics
Nesthäkchen and Her Chicks	publisher	Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag
Autobiography of Parley Parker Pratt	publisher	Russell Brothers
Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward	publisher	Square Enix
Jeremy Corbyn: Accidental Hero	publisher	Eyewear Publishing
La France pour la vie	publisher	Plon
Great Science Fiction About Doctors	publisher	Collier Books
Inland	publisher	William Heinemann Australia
Nesthäkchen's Youngest	publisher	Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag
I Too Had a Love Story	publisher	Srishti publishers
European Security	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Aseer News	publisher	www.SMTC.sa
Atari Vault	publisher	Atari
Nesthäkchen and Her Grandchildren	publisher	Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag
L'Europe buissonnière	publisher	Éditions Jean Froissart
Adibas	publisher	Garnett Press
Mouchette	publisher	Plon
Seabeard	publisher	Backflip Studios
Chance	publisher	American Statistical Association and Taylor & Francis Group
Nesthäkchen With White Hair	publisher	Meidingers Jugendschriften Verlag
All Flesh is Grass	publisher	Doubleday
Journal of School Health	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
International Theory	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Venus	publisher	Marvel Comics
Spider Fighter	publisher	Activision
Waterloo: The History of Four Days, Three Armies and Three Battles	publisher	William Collins
Waterloo: The History of Four Days, Three Armies and Three Battles	publisher	Harper Collins Publishers
Marine Policy	publisher	Elsevier
Coercion, Capital, and European States, AD 990–1992	publisher	Basil Blackwell
Theoretical Biology Forum	publisher	Fabrizio Serra editore
Literature and Theology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Unsung: A History of Women in American Music	publisher	Greenwood Press, Amadeus Press
Stand for Something: The Battle for America's Soul	publisher	Warner Books
Surgical Infections	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
International Journal of Behavioral Medicine	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Lily and the Octopus	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Tale of Kitty-in-Boots	publisher	Frederick Warne & Co
Great Detective Pikachu	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Mother of Eden	publisher	Corvus
Marie von Clausewitz: The Woman Behind the Making of On War	publisher	Oxford University Press
Applied Economics Letters	publisher	Routledge
The Only Game in Town: Central Banks, Instability, and Avoiding the Next Collapse	publisher	Random House
Dark Money	publisher	Doubleday
Atenea	publisher	University of Concepción
Nana in the City	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Pan de Peace!	publisher	Media Factory
International Review of Pragmatics	publisher	Brill Publishers
Girlish Number	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Girlish Number	publisher	ASCII Media Works
This Art Club Has a Problem!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Bought & Sold	publisher	HarperCollins
Song of the Deep	publisher	GameTrust Games
Yōjo Senki	publisher	Enterbrain
Yōjo Senki	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Acta Biológica Colombiana	publisher	National University of Colombia
Empty Mansions	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Simplest Words	publisher	Allen & Unwin, Australia
The Chinese Journal of International Politics	publisher	Oxford University Press
Crashlands	publisher	Butterscotch Shenanigans
Paradise Sky	publisher	Mulholland Books
Pocket Mortys	publisher	Adult Swim
Small Screen, Big Picture	publisher	Three Rivers Press
The Shards of Heaven	publisher	Tor Books
New Guard	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Bushrangers, a Play in Five Acts, and Other Poems	publisher	W. R. Piddington
Bronx Memoir Project: Vol. 1	publisher	The Bronx Council of the Arts
The Primrose Path	publisher	Bain & Cox
Producing Great Sound for Film and Video	publisher	Focal Press
Power Without Glory	publisher	Loose Fillings Sydney
Tough Sh*t	publisher	Gotham Books
Lego Alpha Team	publisher	Lego Media
A Nail Merchant at Nightfall	publisher	Werner Söderström Osakeyhtiö
Academic Pediatrics	publisher	Elsevier
The Journal of Forensic Psychiatry & Psychology	publisher	Routledge
Asha's Mums	publisher	Women’s Press
Broken Harbour	publisher	Viking Adult
A History of English Food	publisher	Random House
How to Eat	publisher	Chatto and Windus
European Journal of Theology	publisher	Paternoster Periodicals on behalf of the Fellowship of European Evangelical Theologians
100 Great Welsh Women	publisher	Glyndwr Publishing
Revista Chilena de Literatura	publisher	University of Chile
Joe Dever's Lone Wolf	publisher	Bulkypix
Book of Pages	publisher	Pow Books / Ringpull Press
Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens	publisher	Feral Interactive
Star Wars: Princess Leia	publisher	Marvel Comics
13	publisher	Orbit Books
Strength of Materials	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Pisarenko Institute of Problems of Strength of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Simple Rules: How to Thrive in a Complex World	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
International Journal of Law and Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier
IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication	publisher	IEEE Professional Communication Society
Yolonda's Genius	publisher	Aladdin Paperbacks
Snow	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Death or Glory	publisher	CRL Group
Kosmos. Problemy Nauk Biologicznych	publisher	Polish Copernicus Society of Naturalists
Adventures of Mana	publisher	Square Enix
Revista INVI	publisher	University of Chile
Journal of the American College of Radiology	publisher	Elsevier
A Letter for Tomorrow	publisher	Khatami Culture House Institute
Visitors	publisher	Simon Pulse
The Art of Struggle	publisher	Groupe Flammarion
The Journal of Human Resources	publisher	University of Wisconsin Press
Kybernetes	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Beings Contemporary Peruvian Short Stories	publisher	Berforts Press
Buyer's Remorse: How Obama Let Progressives Down	publisher	Threshold Editions
The Cooks and Confectioners Dictionary	publisher	Charles Rivington
Clustertruck	publisher	TinyBuild Games
OmniBus	publisher	Devolver Digital
State of Reason	publisher	B B Broadington LLC
NeuroImage: Clinical	publisher	Elsevier
Anonymous;Code	publisher	5
14th Deadly Sin	publisher	Little, Brown and Co.
Flamingoes in Orbit	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Labour Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Current Opinion in Behavioral Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Romance of the Three Kingdoms XIII	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Journal of Innovation in Health Informatics	publisher	British Computer Society
Duck Game	publisher	Adult Swim Games
The Good Huswifes Jewell	publisher	Edward White
The Greatest Trade Ever	publisher	Crown Business
Luna: Wolf Moon	publisher	Tor Books
The Amazing World of DC Comics	publisher	DC Comics
Keijo!!!!!!!!	publisher	Shogakukan
Mirror Sight	publisher	DAW Books
Political Geography	publisher	Elsevier
The Queen-Like Closet	publisher	Richard Lowndes
Accel World: Infinite Burst	publisher	ASCII Media Works
My Days in the Underworld: Rise of the Bangalore Mafia	publisher	Tranquebar Press
The Predator State	publisher	Free Press
Destiny post-release content	publisher	Activision
Zennor in Darkness	publisher	Viking Press
Hydrology and Earth System Sciences	publisher	Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union
Electoral Studies	publisher	Elsevier
Fender Lizards	publisher	Subterranean Press
Geek Girl	publisher	HarperCollins
Elizabeth Barrett Browning: A Biography	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Elizabeth Barrett Browning: A Biography	publisher	Doubleday
Shiren the Wanderer 4: The Eye of God and the Devil's Navel	publisher	Spike
Black Metropolis	publisher	Harcourt, Brace and Company
Political Behavior	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Swiss Numismatic Review	publisher	Swiss Numismatic Society
A History of Christianity: The First Three Thousand Years	publisher	Allen Lane
Verses, Popular and Humorous	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Watch Dogs 2	publisher	Ubisoft
Mathematics and the Search for Knowledge	publisher	Oxford University Press
Space Patrol Luluco	publisher	Shueisha
Child Marriage and Religion of Islam	publisher	The West Wing House
Swiss Political Science Review	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Journal of European Public Policy	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Comrade Corbyn	publisher	Biteback Publishing
Mastermind: How to Think Like Sherlock Holmes	publisher	Viking
Currents in Theology and Mission	publisher	Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago
Currents in Theology and Mission	publisher	Wartburg Theological Seminary
Black Like Kyra White Like Me	publisher	Concept Books
European Journal of Political Economy	publisher	Elsevier
Frantic Freddie	publisher	Commercial Data Systems
Environmental Pollution	publisher	Elsevier
Avengers: Standoff!	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Princes and the Treasure	publisher	Handsome Prince Publishing
A Man Called Ove	publisher	Washington Square Press
Maternal and Child Health Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Encyclopaedia of Korea	publisher	The Australian National University
Savaar Laine	publisher	Navbharat Sahitya Mandir, Ahmedabad
Conan: Adventures in an Age Undreamed Of	publisher	Modiphius Entertainment
Shiren the Wanderer GB2: Magic Castle of the Desert	publisher	Chunsoft
Shiren the Wanderer GB2: Magic Castle of the Desert	publisher	Sega
Revival	publisher	Image Comics
When Dad Killed Mom	publisher	HMH Books for Young Readers
Computers in Human Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Sono 'Okodawari', Ore ni mo Kure yo!	publisher	Kodansha
European Political Science Review	publisher	Cambridge University Press in conjunction with the European Consortium for Political Research
The Frackers	publisher	Portfolio
Journal of Eastern African Studies	publisher	Routledge on behalf of the British Institute in Eastern Africa
A History of the Kerala School of Hindu Astronomy	publisher	Vishveshvarananda Institute of Sanskrit and indological Studies, Panjab University, Hoshiarpur
Scandinavian Political Studies	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
British-Ukrainian Symposium	publisher	University College London
British-Ukrainian Symposium	publisher	P.L. Shupyk National Medical Academy of Postgraduate Education
British-Ukrainian Symposium	publisher	National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery
British-Ukrainian Symposium	publisher	Feofaniya Clinical Hospital
Star Wars: Poe Dameron	publisher	Marvel Comics
Angry White Men	publisher	The Nation Institute
Spider-Man and the X-Men	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Fifth Season	publisher	Orbit Books
Journal of Global History	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Giant; or Waiting for the Thursday Boat	publisher	Annick Press
Where the Pelican Builds and Other Poems	publisher	Gordon and Gotch
Drama	publisher	Scholastic/Graphix
Summoners War: Sky Arena	publisher	Com2Us
Star Wars: Bloodline	publisher	Del Rey Books
The African	publisher	Heinemann
Notwithstanding	publisher	Harvill Secker
Four Ways to Pharaoh Khufu	publisher	Partridge Singapore
Nijitte Monogatari	publisher	Shogakukan
The Beloved	publisher	Picador, Australia
Bar Lemon Heart	publisher	Futabasha
Current Psychiatry Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
A Dusk of Demons	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
List of Star Trek: Enterprise novels	publisher	Pocket Books
List of Star Trek: Enterprise novels	publisher	Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group
Dance Dance Revolution A	publisher	Konami
Animal Science Journal	publisher	John Wiley & Sons, Inc. on behalf  of the Japanese Society of Animal Science
Childhood Obesity	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Pegasus Bridge	publisher	Personal Software Services
Future Anterior	publisher	University of Minnesota Press
The Sword is Forged	publisher	Timescape Books
The Signpost	publisher	English Wikipedia
Champion of the Raj	publisher	Personal Software Services
Obstetrical & Gynecological Survey	publisher	Wolters Kluwer
To the Abandoned Sacred Beasts	publisher	Kodansha
The New Day	publisher	Trinity Mirror
This Census-Taker	publisher	Pan MacMillan
Dawn of Gods	publisher	Aeria Games, U9 Time
South European Society and Politics	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Providence	publisher	Avatar Press
My Name Is Lucy Barton	publisher	Random House
The Burgess Boys	publisher	Random House
Amy and Isabelle	publisher	Random House
The Madagaskar Plan	publisher	Hodder & Staughton
River Rose and the Magical Lullaby	publisher	HarperCollins
Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism	publisher	Minhaj-ul-Quran
How I Shed My Skin	publisher	Algonquin Books
Punch Club	publisher	TinyBuild Games
James Bond 007: Minute of Midnight	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Kendall and Kylie	publisher	Glu Mobile
Carry On	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Great Detective Stories About Doctors	publisher	Collier Books
Comparative European Politics	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
Alex	publisher	MacLehose Press
Irene	publisher	MacLehose Press
Camille	publisher	MacLehose Press
Private Down Under	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Fantasy War Tactics	publisher	Nexon
Mediterranean Politics	publisher	Taylor and Francis
Journal of Asian Security and International Affairs	publisher	Sage Publications
Phantoms in the Brain	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Pokémon Sun and Moon	publisher	The Pokémon Company
Salt to the Sea	publisher	Philomel Books
Guanya Pau: A Story of an African Princess	publisher	Lauer & Mattill, Cleveland, Ohio
Nobunaga no Shinobi	publisher	Hakusensha
Nobunaga no Shinobi	publisher	Hakusensha
Frontiers of Architectural Research	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of Higher Education Press
The Aeronaut's Windlass	publisher	Penguin Books
Journal of European Integration	publisher	Routledge
Stephen Foster: America's Troubadour	publisher	Thomas W. Crowell Company
The Golden Lake	publisher	Trischler, London
Archives of Environmental & Occupational Health	publisher	Routledge
H1Z1: King of the Kill	publisher	Daybreak Game Company
An Australian Girl	publisher	Richard Bentley, London
Flora Novae-Zelandiae	publisher	Reeve Brothers
Flora Tasmaniae	publisher	Reeve Brothers
Clay's Ark	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Gravity Rush 2	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Luckiest Girl Alive	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Luckiest Girl Alive	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Forerunner of Revenge	publisher	anonymous
Portal Knights	publisher	505
Journal of Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology	publisher	Elsevier
Red Comrades Save the Galaxy	publisher	Buka Entertainment
Sky Force	publisher	Infinite Dreams Inc.
The Lion	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Panther	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
The Quest	publisher	Center Street
Flora of Fuegia, the Falkland Islands, etc	publisher	Reeve Brothers
Flora of Lord Auckland and Campbell's Islands	publisher	Reeve Brothers
Resonance	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Omukae desu	publisher	Hakusensha
Seisen Cerberus	publisher	Kodansha
Reference Services Review	publisher	Emerald Group Publishing
Hero Must Die	publisher	G-Mode
Hero Must Die	publisher	Nippon Ichi Software
Enciclopedia română	publisher	W. Kraft
Enciclopedia României	publisher	București, Imprimeria Națională
South African Historical Journal	publisher	University of South Africa published internationally by Routledge
South Asian Journal of Human Resources Management	publisher	Sage Publications
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	publisher	Activision
Don't Leave Me	publisher	Cappelen Damm
ĒlDLIVE	publisher	Shueisha
The Battle for Sanskrit	publisher	Harper Collins India
Romanian Journal of Political Science	publisher	Romanian Academic Society
The Deliverance	publisher	Doubleday
Mini Mario & Friends: Amiibo Challenge	publisher	Nintendo
Star Fox Guard	publisher	Nintendo
Paper Mario: Color Splash	publisher	Nintendo
Kirby: Planet Robobot	publisher	Nintendo
China Report- A Journal of East Asian Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Disney Art Academy	publisher	Nintendo
The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August	publisher	Orbit Books
The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August	publisher	Redhook Books
Exercise and Sport Sciences Reviews	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Three Words	publisher	Beatnik Publishing
Tonkatsu DJ Agetarō	publisher	Shueisha
The Crest of the Peacock: Non-European Roots of Mathematics	publisher	Princeton University Press
The Death of Santini	publisher	Random House
Current Pain and Headache Reports	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
It Is Almost That	publisher	Siglio Press
JLA: Shogun of Steel	publisher	Elseworlds
Batman: Thrillkiller	publisher	DC Comics
Mother Reader: Essential Writings on Motherhood	publisher	Seven Stories Press.
Tarzan: Sons of the Jungle	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Batman: Gotham Noir	publisher	DC Comics
Key of Stars	publisher	Wizards of the Coast
Green Lantern: 1001 Emerald Nights	publisher	DC Comics
Teen Titans: The Lost Annual	publisher	DC Comics
Superman: The Last Family of Krypton	publisher	DC Comics
Journal of Surgical Research	publisher	Elsevier
The Crime of Inspector Maigret	publisher	Fayard
Journal of Cancer Survivorship	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
West By Sea: A Treasure Hunt that Spans the Globe	publisher	Expeditionaire
Canadian Journal of Information and Library Science	publisher	University of Toronto Press on behalf of the of the Canadian Association for Information Science
The High Road	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
International Journal of Rural Management	publisher	Sage Publications
Capitalism Nature Socialism	publisher	Center for Political Ecology/Routledge
Sniper Elite 4	publisher	Rebellion Developments
Sniper Elite 4	publisher	Sold Out Sales & Marketing
Invisible	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
The Ohio Company: Its Inner History	publisher	University of Pittsburgh Press
Freaks' Squeele	publisher	Ankama
One Day as a Tiger	publisher	Chatto & Windus
Tarzan: Claws of the Cat-woman	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Catwoman: Guardian of Gotham	publisher	DC Comics
The Morose Mononokean	publisher	Square Enix
The Lab	publisher	Valve Corporation
Flashpoint	publisher	DC Comics
Batman: Eye for an Eye	publisher	DC Comics
Daredevil: King of New York	publisher	DC Comics
The Young Desire It	publisher	Jonathan Cape, London
Puzzle & Action: Tant-R	publisher	Sega
IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies	publisher	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
The Sea Lady	publisher	Penguin
Eromanga Sensei	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Eromanga Sensei	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Thing About Jellyfish	publisher	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
A Death	publisher	The New Yorker, Charles Scribner's Sons
Désiré	publisher	Sylvain Seccia
The Essence of the Thing	publisher	Fourth Estate, London
Ace Attorney	publisher	Shueisha
Vision: The Journal of Business Perspective	publisher	Sage Publications
Udon no Kuni no Kin-iro Kemari	publisher	Shinchosha
Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes	publisher	Clarson, Massina & Co.
Breathe: Stories from Cuba	publisher	Lubin & Kleyner
Be Blues! - Ao ni Nare	publisher	Shogakukan
All Out!!	publisher	Kodansha
Puzzle & Action: Ichidant-R	publisher	Sega
Public Health	publisher	Elsevier
Grunt: The Curious Science of Humans at War	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Journal of Health Management	publisher	Sage Publications
Dalkhi Thi Saav Chhutan	publisher	Rannade Prakashan, Ahmedabad
Kōdai-ke no Hitobito	publisher	Shueisha
Lenny Letter	publisher	Hearst Digital Media
Afterlife	publisher	Tin House, Charles Scribner's Sons
Attack on Titan: No Regrets	publisher	Kodansha
Pariah	publisher	Seal Books
Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine	publisher	American Academy of Sleep Medicine
Over the Edge of the World	publisher	William Morrow and Company
Pro Patria	publisher	Privately printed
Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 3	publisher	Square Enix
The Modern Teacher	publisher	In the Grade School, Inc.
Pong: The Next Level	publisher	Atari Interactive
Pong: The Next Level	publisher	MacSoft
Pong: The Next Level	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Pong: The Next Level	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Tommy	publisher	Playboy, Charles Scribner's Sons
The Last Will and Testament of Senhor da Silva Araújo	publisher	Ilhéu Editora
A Tourist in Africa	publisher	Chapman & Hall
A Tourist in Africa	publisher	Little Brown
Standard Encyclopaedia of Southern Africa	publisher	Nasou
Environment and Urbanization ASIA	publisher	SAGE Publications
India Quarterly	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Journal of Nutrition, Health and Aging	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Urara Meirochō	publisher	Houbunsha
Casino: Love and Honor in Las Vegas	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Macedonian Encyclopedia	publisher	Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Ancient Civilizations from Scythia to Siberia	publisher	Brill Publishers
Young: Nordic Journal of Youth Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Early Science and Medicine	publisher	Brill Publishers
Mysterious New Mexico	publisher	University of New Mexico Press
History of Hindu Mathematics: A Source Book	publisher	Asia Publishing House, Calcutta
The Gates of Hell	publisher	Tor Books
The Narrows	publisher	Samhain Publishing
Curses 'N Chaos	publisher	Tribute Games
Psychology & Developing Societies	publisher	SAGE Publications
In Blissful Hell	publisher	Khan Brothers and Co.
Tyranny	publisher	Paradox Interactive
European Addiction Research	publisher	Karger Publishers
The Understudy	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
The Ridge and the River	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Fantasia Diamond	publisher	Hewson Consultants
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan	publisher	Activision
God Wars: Beyond Time	publisher	Kadokawa Games
Scum's Wish	publisher	Square Enix
Roku de Nashi Majutsu Kōshi to Akashic Records	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Roku de Nashi Majutsu Kōshi to Akashic Records	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
A Difficult Young Man	publisher	Cresset Press, London
Quality of Life Research	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Bassoon King	publisher	Dutton Penguin
Wild Earth	publisher	Ubisoft
Wild Earth	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
Progress in Development Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
Management and Labour Studies	publisher	Sage Publications
The Medieval History Journal	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Health Politics, Policy and Law	publisher	Duke University Press
A Smile in the Mind	publisher	Phaidon Press
Fourteen Men	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Occultic;Nine	publisher	Kodansha
Transgender Studies Quarterly	publisher	Duke University Press
Archimedes and the Seagle	publisher	Viking Press
Chaos;Child	publisher	5
Richard Tapia Celebration of Diversity in Computing	publisher	Coalition to Diversify Computing, Association for Computing Machinery and Center for Minorities and People with Disabilities in Information Technology
Mangroves	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Official History of New Zealand's Effort in the Great War	publisher	Whitcombe and Tombs
Mango, Abuela, and Me	publisher	Candlewick Press
Burn Baby Burn	publisher	Candlewick Press
Alcohol	publisher	Elsevier
Creative computing	publisher	Inderscience Publishers
Jurimetrics	publisher	Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law
Higher Education for the Future	publisher	Sage Publications
Dome x Kano	publisher	Kodansha Comics
Super Tennis	publisher	Sega
Contemporary Education Dialogue	publisher	SAGE Publications
A Girl on the Shore	publisher	Ohta Publishing
Life After Billy	publisher	Seal Books
Trillion: God of Destruction	publisher	Idea Factory
The Myth of the Eastern Front	publisher	Cambridge University Press
ABC of Chairmanship	publisher	NCLC Publishing Society Limited
La morte di Marx e altri racconti	publisher	Einaudi
Attack on Titan: Lost Girls	publisher	Kodansha
Almanac of American Philanthropy	publisher	Philanthropy Roundtable
A Natural Curiosity	publisher	Viking Books
Western North American Naturalist	publisher	Monte L. Bean Life Science Museum
Journal of Forensic and Legal Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Heads You Die	publisher	Random House
Science & Education	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
We Are Afghan Women: Voices of Hope	publisher	Scribner
The Inquiry	publisher	Russkoye Bogatstvo
The Inquiry	publisher	Khudozhestvennaya Literatura
Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment	publisher	Elsevier
Convict Once and Other Poems	publisher	George Robertson
From Bananas to Buttocks	publisher	University of Texas Press
Paranormality	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
DC Rebirth	publisher	DC Comics
Die Zeit	publisher	Sudeten German Party
Die Zeit	publisher	NSDAP
Island	publisher	Akita Shoten
The Courtesans Reply	publisher	Flipped eye publishing
World Journal of Surgery	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Destiny: World Domination from Stone Age to Space Age	publisher	Interactive Magic
Legally Blonde	publisher	AuthorHouse
The Ultimate Book of Hockey Trivia for Kids	publisher	Scholastic Corporation
The Church in the Darkness	publisher	Paranoid Productions
Wink Poppy Midnight	publisher	Dial
Interviews with Monster Girls	publisher	Kodansha
My Best Friend's Exorcism	publisher	Quirk Books
The Banner Saga 2	publisher	Versus Evil
Scorching Ping Pong Girls	publisher	Shueisha
Forty Fathoms Deep	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Red Chief	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Spoof on Titan	publisher	Kodansha
Tokyo Ghost	publisher	Image Comics
Danger in the Darkest Hour	publisher	Random House
How to Clone a Mammoth	publisher	Princeton University Press
Small Data: The Tiny Clues that Uncover Huge Trends	publisher	St. Martins
Cheer Boys!!	publisher	Shueisha
Eliminator	publisher	Hewson Consultants
The Queen of the Tambourine	publisher	Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd
Journal of Perinatology	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Australian Guerilla series	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Yellow Joss	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Men of the Jungle	publisher	Angus and Robertson
My Mate Dick	publisher	Angus and Robertson
My Wife is Wagatsuma-san	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Education for Sustainable Development	publisher	Sage Publications
Udaas Naslain	publisher	Sang-e-Meel Publications
Tiny Troopers	publisher	Chillingo, Iceberg Interactive, Game Troopers
Ryder	publisher	Boni & Liveright
Planetbase	publisher	Madrugaworks
MechWarrior: Tactical Command	publisher	Personae Studios
Nanbaka	publisher	Futabasha
Journal of the American Society of Hypertension	publisher	Elsevier
Armorial des comtes romains	publisher	Archives de la Noblesse
Journal of Creative Communications	publisher	Sage Publications
Gender, Technology and Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
South Asian Journal of Business and Management Cases	publisher	Sage Publications
A City is Not a Tree	publisher	Sustasis Foundation
Quantitative Economics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
History and Sociology of South Asia	publisher	SAGE Publications
Millennial Asia	publisher	Sage Publications
The Journal of Entrepreneurship	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Visible Man	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
The Smart Set Anthology	publisher	Reynal & Hitchcock
Aozora Yell	publisher	Shueisha
Journal of Biological Education	publisher	Routledge
IIM Kozhikode Society & Management Review	publisher	Sage Publications
Photosynthetica	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Plant, Cell & Environment	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Outlaws of Time	publisher	HarperCollins
South Asia Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Reader, I Married Him	publisher	The Borough Press
The Black Widow	publisher	HarperCollins
Diversity Explosion	publisher	Brookings Institution
Caught	publisher	Dutton
Dwarfs	publisher	Tripwire Interactive
Over Rev!	publisher	Shogakukan
Boys of Blur	publisher	Random House
Contemporary Review of the Middle East	publisher	Sage Publications
Studies in People's History	publisher	SAGE Publications
Switched On	publisher	Spiegel & Grau
The Road to Little Dribbling: More Notes From a Small Island	publisher	Doubleday
A Dangerous Encounter	publisher	Klett-Cotta
Sherlock Holmes: The Devil's Daughter	publisher	Bigben Interactive
The Bee on the Comb	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Tunnel Vision	publisher	MTV Books
Madden NFL 17	publisher	EA Sports
Phylon	publisher	Robert W. Woodruff Library, Atlanta University Center and Clark Atlanta University
The Annihilation Score	publisher	Ace
Singularity Hypotheses: A Scientific and Philosophical Assessment	publisher	Springer Publishing
The merger of knowledge with power: essays in critical science	publisher	Mansell
Mere Anarchy	publisher	Ebury Press
The Association of Small Bombs	publisher	Viking Press
Fever	publisher	Simon & Schuster Book's For Young Readers
Fortune Smiles	publisher	Random House
The World According to Novikoff	publisher	\
International Journal of Health Services	publisher	SAGE Publications
Society and Culture in South Asia	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Book of Human Insects	publisher	Akita Shoten
Star Wars: Dark Disciple	publisher	Del Rey Books
Behar	publisher	Ademaga Mešić
Review of Religious Research	publisher	Religious Research Association
Pony Friends 2	publisher	Square Enix
Enter the Gungeon	publisher	Devolver Digital
The Japanese The Japanese Don't Know	publisher	Media Factory
The Foundations of Modern Political Thought	publisher	Cambridge University Press
Final Fantasy: World Wide Words	publisher	Square Enix
The R Document	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Obsidian Chamber	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
L'Amour monstre	publisher	Éditions du Seuil
Progress in Aerospace Sciences	publisher	Elsevier
Hema Malini - Diva Unveiled	publisher	Magna Publishing Co. Ltd.
When the Professor Got Stuck in the Snow	publisher	Miyuki Books
Sons of Wichita	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Munin	publisher	Daedalic Entertainment
Snowdrops from a Curate's Garden	publisher	Chicago : Teitan Press, 1986.
Metabolic Brain Disease	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Collation and Annotation of Saṃyuktāgama	publisher	East China Normal University Press
Kawan Bergeloet	publisher	Balai Pustaka
International Journal of Food and Allied Sciences	publisher	Institute of Food Science and Nutrition, Bahauddin Zakariya University Multan
StarCraft II: Nova Covert Ops	publisher	Blizzard Entertainment
1920: America's Great War	publisher	Baen Books
My World	publisher	Harper & Brothers
Undone: A Novel	publisher	Soft Skull Press
Journal of Infrastructure Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Earthquake Bird	publisher	Picador
Muharrir	publisher	Ebüzziya Tevfik
Hikmet	publisher	Şehbenderzâde Filibeli Ahmed Hilmi
Anadolu Mecmuası	publisher	Hilmi Ziya Ülken
Shokufeh	publisher	Maryam Amid Mozayen ol-Saltaneh
Stravinsky's Lunch	publisher	Picador, Sydney
General Hospital Psychiatry	publisher	Elsevier
Social Change: Journal of the Council for Social Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
Tomorrowland	publisher	Amazon Publishing
South Asian Journal of Macroeconomics and Public Finance	publisher	SAGE Publications
Job Simulator	publisher	Owlchemy Labs
Tilt Brush	publisher	Google
Batman: The Doom That Came to Gotham	publisher	DC Comics
Echopraxia	publisher	Tor Books
Journal of Developing Societies	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of South Asian Development	publisher	SAGE Publications
Foreign Trade Review	publisher	SAGE Publications
Snail Mail	publisher	Sandlot Games
South Asia Economic Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications
The Great South Land : An Epic Poem	publisher	Georgian House, Melbourne
Toll The Hounds	publisher	Bantam Books
Toll The Hounds	publisher	Tor Books
Glass Houses	publisher	New American Library
Law & Policy	publisher	John Wiley & Sons and the University of Denver
Moonlight Acre	publisher	Melbourne University Press
Desert Uniforms, Patches, and Insignia of the US Armed Forces	publisher	Schiffer Military History
Science, Technology and Society: An International Journal	publisher	SAGE Publications
Eligible	publisher	Random House
Masters in Israel	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Over the Range	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Twenty-Three : Stories	publisher	Australasian Book Society
The Great Trek	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Lightning Ridge	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Headhunters of the Coral Sea	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Brand Breakout	publisher	Palgrave Macmillan
The Industries of the Future	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Man Tracks	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Tarzan vs. Predator: At the Earth's Core	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Making of the Fittest	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Challenge of the North	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Nemarluk: King of the Wilds	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Across the Nullarbor	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Outlaws of the Leopolds	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Nor'-westers	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Silver City	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Vanished People	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Back o' Cairns	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Tin Scratchers	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Coral Sea Calling	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Tracks of Destiny	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Our Living Stone Age	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Journal of Urban Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Huntington's Disease	publisher	IOS Press
Private Label Strategy	publisher	Harvard Business School Press
Maga-Tsuki	publisher	Kodansha
The Great Boomerang	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Silent Service	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Wild White Man of Badu	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Wild North	publisher	Angus and Robertson
One Wet Season	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Opium Smugglers	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Stone of Destiny	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Isles of Despair	publisher	Angus and Robertson
In Crocodile Land	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Review of Market Integration	publisher	SAGE Publications
Horrie the Wog-dog	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Business Perspectives and Research	publisher	SAGE Publications
City Shrouded in Shadow	publisher	Bandai Namco
Faithfull: An Autobiography	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Prospecting for Gold	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Chhe To Chhe	publisher	self published
How Dark the Heavens	publisher	Shengold Publishers, Inc., New York
Bhitarno Shankhanaad	publisher	Rannade Prakashan
Critical Criminology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Sword Art Online: Code Register	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
Vita Nostra	publisher	Green Dog
The Shepherd's Life	publisher	Allen Lane
%22WE%22	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Between Two Tides	publisher	Halstead Press, Sydney
Dragons Rioting	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
World Champions	publisher	Éditions Grasset
David O'Keefe	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Melancholy	publisher	Det Norske Samlaget
Melancholy II	publisher	Det Norske Samlaget
Knowledge	publisher	W. H. Allen Ltd
Knowledge	publisher	Witherby & Co.
Anonymous Noise	publisher	Hakusensha
American Journal of Health-System Pharmacy	publisher	American Society of Health-System Pharmacists
International Journal of Research in Marketing	publisher	Elsevier
International Journal of Clinical Pharmacy	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Journal of Managed Care & Specialty Pharmacy	publisher	Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy
A Drum for Ben Boyd	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences	publisher	Canadian Society for Pharmaceutical Sciences
Attack on Titan: Harsh Mistress of the City	publisher	Kodansha
Stephen's Sausage Roll	publisher	Increpare Games
Journal of Clinical Pharmacy and Therapeutics	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Studies in History	publisher	SAGE Publications
BioScope: South Asian Screen Studies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Stasi Child	publisher	twenty7
Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS	publisher	Doubleday
Pyre	publisher	Supergiant Games
Braddock's Defeat: The Battle of the Monongahela and the Road to Revolution	publisher	Oxford University Press
Neptune: The Allied Invasion of Europe and the D-Day Landings	publisher	Oxford University Press
Forty-Seven Days: How Pershing's Warriors Came of Age to Defeat the German Army in World War I	publisher	NAL Caliber/New American Library
Alvin York: A New Biography of the Hero of the Argonne	publisher	University Press of Kentucky
Six Frigates: Epic History of Founding of the US Navy	publisher	Norton
Midnight’s Furies: The Deadly Legacy of India’s Partition	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Woman to Man	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Natural Way of Things	publisher	Allen and Unwin
Clippity-Clop	publisher	Penguin Books Australia
Omega Labyrinth	publisher	D3 Publisher
Onward Australia	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Must Australia Fight%3F	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Idolmaster Platinum Stars	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Ajavasnan Matsya	publisher	Kavilok Trust
Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Lincoln's Forgotten Ally: Judge Advocate General Joseph Holt of Kentucky	publisher	University of North Carolina Press
Inside ISIS: The Brutal Rise of a Terrorist Army	publisher	Center Street
Inside Charlie's Chocolate Factory	publisher	Puffin Books
Washington's Immortals: The Untold Story of an Elite Regiment Who Changed the Course of the Revolution	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
The Long Cosmos	publisher	Penguin Random House
The Virgins	publisher	Tin House Books
The Virgins	publisher	John Murray
Genome	publisher	NRC Research Press
The Wandering Islands	publisher	Edwards and Shaw, Sydney
History of the Kinetograph, Kinetoscope, and Kinetophonograph	publisher	Museum of Modern Art
Giant of World's End	publisher	Belmont Books
Demonizer Zilch	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Tumult of the Swans	publisher	Edwards and Shaw, Sydney
Maestra	publisher	Zaffre Publishing
Batman & Spider-Man: New Age Dawning	publisher	Marvel Comics
Spider-Man and Batman: Disordered Minds	publisher	DC Comics
Barda Na Dungar	publisher	Kruti Prakashan
Il Passo delle Sensazioni	publisher	Edizioni Ulivo
Crown and Council	publisher	Mojang
The Green Helmet	publisher	Collins, Sydney
Raiders of the Broken Planet	publisher	MercurySteam
The Grim Smile of the Five Towns	publisher	Chapman and Hall, Ltd.
The Dukes of Hazzard II: Daisy Dukes It Out	publisher	SouthPeak Games
High Rollers Casino	publisher	Mud Duck Productions
A Dictionary of the Chinese Language	publisher	Peter Perring Thoms
Porky's	publisher	20
Porky's	publisher	Romox
Black Road	publisher	Image Comics
Uncertainty and quality in science for policy	publisher	Kluwer
Journal of Entrepreneurship and Innovation in Emerging Economies	publisher	SAGE Publications
Inventing the Future: Postcapitalism and a World Without Work	publisher	Verso Books
Whalers of the Midnight Sun	publisher	Geoffrey Bles, London
Polar Science	publisher	Elsevier
Polar Science	publisher	National Institute of Polar Research
Margin—The Journal of Applied Economic Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Journal of Emerging Market Finance	publisher	Sage Publications
Block Breaker Deluxe 2	publisher	Gameloft
Global Journal of Emerging Market Economies	publisher	Sage Publications
Gujarati Tunki Vartama Pariveshni Karyasadhakta	publisher	self published
Stick Man	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Batman-Spawn: War Devil	publisher	DC Comics
Batman-Spawn: War Devil	publisher	Image Comics
Momokuri	publisher	Naver Corporation
Zoe Dare	publisher	Action Lab Comics
Gram Barta Prokashika	publisher	Kangal Harinath
Baghdad's Dead	publisher	20081
Baghdad's Dead	publisher	20152
The Illegal	publisher	HarperCollins
Wheat of Fire – Women during the Nights of War	publisher	Riyad Al Rayis Publishing House – Lebanon
The Crooked Snake	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Breakage of the Sunflower: pain of a war correspondent, diaries, Afghanistan, Chechnya, Kurdistan, Iraq	publisher	Al Ghaoun Publishing House – Lebanon 2013
Batgirl and the Birds of Prey	publisher	DC Comics
Empires & Allies	publisher	Zynga
Valentino Rossi: The Game	publisher	Milestone S.r.l.
Jadavpur Journal of International Relations	publisher	SAGE Publications
Studies in Microeconomics	publisher	SAGE Publications
Tango	publisher	Hutchinson
Tango	publisher	Summit Books
Policy Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society of Policy Scientists
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare	publisher	Activision
Angry Birds Action!	publisher	Rovio Entertainment
Tiger in the Bush	publisher	Oxford University Press
Neurological Sciences	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Seminars in Perinatology	publisher	Elsevier
Statistical Modelling	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the Statistical Modelling Society
Creativity Research Journal	publisher	Routledge
Thinking Skills and Creativity	publisher	Elsevier
Translation Studies	publisher	Routledge
Translation Terminology Writing	publisher	Canadian Association for Translation Studies
Devil's Hill	publisher	Oxford University Press
Rise Again	publisher	Hal Leonard
The Journal of Rural Health	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Indian Journal of Corporate Governance	publisher	SAGE Publications
Bullet Girls 2	publisher	D3 Publisher
FIFA 17	publisher	EA Sports
International Clinical Psychopharmacology	publisher	Wolters Kluwer Health
Trends in Cardiovascular Medicine	publisher	Elsevier
Last Stop on Market Street	publisher	Penguin Books
Shabda Mara Swabhavma J Nathi	publisher	Vishal Publication
The Life Engineered	publisher	Sword & Laser - An Inkshares Imprint
Zero K	publisher	Charles Scribner's Sons
Furiously Happy	publisher	Flatiron Books
Sea Menace	publisher	Constable, England
Ruthless: Scientology, My Son David Miscavige, and Me	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Ruthless: Scientology, My Son David Miscavige, and Me	publisher	Silvertail Books
Head Lopper	publisher	Self published
Head Lopper	publisher	Image Comics
Command and Control	publisher	Penguin Press
Evangelical Review of Theology and Politics	publisher	King's Evangelical Divinity School
Choix des plus belles fleurs	publisher	Ernest Panckoucke, Paris
Frigate %22Pallada%22	publisher	1858
Foreign Policy: Understanding ISIS, The Middle East, and The Complexity of The Syrian War	publisher	The West Wing House
A Lion in the Night	publisher	Penguin Books Australia
And Then All Hell Broke Loose	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Zionism in the Age of the Dictators	publisher	Croom Helm Ltd
The Missing and the Dead	publisher	Harper Collins
The Loudest Voice in the Room	publisher	Random House
Odd Man Rush: A Harvard Kid's Hockey Odyssey from Central Park to Somewhere in Sweden—with Stops along the Way	publisher	Skyhorse Publishing
Slave to the Rhythm: The Artist Formerly Known as Prince	publisher	Little, Brown, & Co., U.K.
Slave to the Rhythm: The Artist Formerly Known as Prince	publisher	Citadel Press, Carol Publishing Group, in US
Man in a Landscape	publisher	Rigby, Adelaide
Suicide Risk	publisher	Boom! Studios
Call of the Jersey Devil	publisher	Spence City
Journal of Youth and Adolescence	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Artistic and Monumental Spain	publisher	Veith and Hauser
Damascus House	publisher	Spuyten Duyvil Publishing
Insight on Africa	publisher	SAGE Publications
Ghost Theory	publisher	Dreadlocks Ltd
The Phenomenological Quest between Avicenna and Heidegger	publisher	Global Publications , SUNY Press
Jindal Journal of Business Research	publisher	Sage Publications
Genkai Tokki: Seven Pirates	publisher	Compile Heart
The Blade Artist	publisher	Random House
Number 11	publisher	Viking Press
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III	publisher	Sega
Early One Morning	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Quiet Power: The Secret Strengths of Introverts	publisher	Dial Books
Compost Everything	publisher	Castalia House
Imperial Spoils	publisher	Chatto and Windus
Imperial Spoils	publisher	Hill and Wang
Selfish	publisher	RCS MediaGroup
Hour of the Zombie	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Computer Buyer	publisher	Dennis Publishing
The Bloomsbury Cookbook	publisher	Thames & Hudson
A Proper Marriage	publisher	Michael Joseph
A Ripple from the Storm	publisher	Michael Joseph
Landlocked	publisher	MacGibbon & Kee
Regional Science and Urban Economics	publisher	Elsevier
Ninja	publisher	Mastertronic
Worlds Adrift	publisher	Bossa Studios
Bloomsbury Ballerina	publisher	Phoenix
Equal Ever After	publisher	Biteback Publishing
Eleanor Marx: A Life	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed	publisher	Weinstein Books
The City: London and the Global Power of Finance	publisher	Verso Books
London's Boroughs at 50	publisher	Biteback Publishing
The Trail of the Serpent	publisher	W&M Clark: London;  Ward, Lock: London.
She	publisher	Hearst Magazines UK
All-New Wolverine	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Solomon Curse	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
The Story of Karrawingi the Emu	publisher	John Sands
South Asian Survey	publisher	Sage Publications
Good Luck to the Rider	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Everybody's Fool	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Australian Biblical Review	publisher	Fellowship for Biblical Studies
Battlefield 1	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Moral Economy of the Peasant	publisher	Yale University Press
Verity of Sydney Town	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Star Wars	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Rational Peasant: The Political Economy of Rural Society in Vietnam	publisher	University of California Press
Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location	publisher	Scott Cawthon
Prayer: Conversing With God	publisher	Zondervan
Nailbiter	publisher	Image Comics
When I Was King and Other Verses	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Rigby's Romance	publisher	Angus and Robertson
For All the People	publisher	PM Press
Shackleton's Argonauts	publisher	Angus and Robertson
DJMax Respect	publisher	Neowiz Games
The Australia Book	publisher	John Sands
The Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Starpoint Gemini Warlords	publisher	Iceberg Interactive
The Wheel of Fortune	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Civilization VI	publisher	2
Democracy or Demo Crazy	publisher	Candle and Fog Publishing
The Climb	publisher	Crytek
8-Bit Armies	publisher	Petroglyph Games
Journalists	publisher	“Zebra E”
All the Proud Tribesmen	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
A Descant for Gossips	publisher	Angus and Robertson
International Journal of Politics, Culture, and Society	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Californium	publisher	Arte
Vitan Sud Beej	publisher	Gujarat Sahitya Akademi
From the Wilderness and Lebanon	publisher	Yedioth Sfarim ; \nKoren Publishers Jerusalem
Requiem of the Rose King	publisher	Akita Shoten
Chameleon Run	publisher	Noodlecake Studios
Juvenile and Family Court Journal	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
American Journal of Community Psychology	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Chinese and English Dictionary	publisher	Parapattan
L'Humeur vagabonde	publisher	Éditions de la Table ronde
Joni Mitchell: In Her Own Words	publisher	ECW Press
The Other Side of Secret	publisher	Media Factory
Spatial and Spatio-temporal Epidemiology	publisher	Elsevier
The Invention of Nature	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Goblin Slayer	publisher	SB Creative
Goblin Slayer	publisher	Square Enix
Belinda	publisher	Penguin Books Australia
Murder in Mississippi	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Jurassic Park	publisher	Sega
An Australian Girl in London	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin, London
Journal of Surgical Oncology	publisher	Wiley-Liss
The Crime at Lock 14	publisher	Fayard
The Vegetarian	publisher	Changbi Publishers ; Portobello Books
Science et pseudo-sciences	publisher	Association française pour l'information scientifique
Bowdoin Project	publisher	New York : Cliff Street Books
Ashwattha	publisher	Vora & Company
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Trun No Grah	publisher	Harihar Pustakalay
Public Library and Other Stories	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Shadwen	publisher	Frozenbyte
Jurassic Park	publisher	Ocean Software
A Boat Load of Home Folk	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Ophelia Speaks	publisher	HarperCollins
OPUS: The Day We Found Earth	publisher	SIGONO
AI & Society	publisher	Springer Publishing
Entomologica Americana	publisher	Brooklyn Entomological Society
Resident Evil 7: Biohazard	publisher	Capcom
Ophelia's Mom	publisher	Crown Publishing Group
Joy Street	publisher	Julian Messner  / Eyre and Spottiswoode
The Bourne Enigma	publisher	Grand Central Publishing
Snow White	publisher	Atheneum Books
City of the Lost	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Journal of the New York Entomological Society	publisher	New York Entomological Society
Bulletin of the Brooklyn Entomological Society	publisher	Brooklyn Entomological Society
Girl with a Monkey	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Wind at Your Door	publisher	Talkarra Press
Dreamcatcher	publisher	StoryMirror
Midnight Star: Renegade	publisher	Industrial Toys
The Last Raja of West Pakistan	publisher	Roman Books, Kolkata
Waking Up White	publisher	Elephant Room Press
Collected Poems in English	publisher	New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Stop in the desert	publisher	Chekhov Publishing House of the East European Fund, Inc.
The Sailors' Rendezvous	publisher	Fayard
A Syllabic Dictionary of the Chinese Language	publisher	American Presbyterian Mission Press
Nature Reviews Disease Primers	publisher	Nature Publishing Group
Cuthbert's Babies	publisher	Penguin Books Australia
NASCAR Heat Evolution	publisher	Dusenberry Martin Racing
Destiny: Rise of Iron	publisher	Activision
Chronica Polonorum	publisher	Hieronim Wietor, Kraków
Guinguette by the Seine	publisher	Fayard
Tangara	publisher	Oxford University Press
Hearts in Suspension	publisher	University of Maine Press
Japanese Journal of Clinical Oncology	publisher	Oxford University Press
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Double Down	publisher	Abrams Books
Memoirs of Museum Victoria	publisher	Museum Victoria
Death March to the Parallel World Rhapsody	publisher	Shōsetsuka ni Narō
Death March to the Parallel World Rhapsody	publisher	Fujimi Shobo
Eastside Hockey Manager	publisher	Sega
Ghostbusters	publisher	Activision
Postal Redux	publisher	Running With Scissors
Happiness	publisher	Kodansha
NavGujarat Samay	publisher	The Times Group
Akhepatar	publisher	R.R Sheth & Co. Pvt. Ltd.
List of Diablo novels	publisher	Pocket Books
List of Diablo novels	publisher	Pocket Books
List of Diablo novels	publisher	Insight Editions
Journal of Psychiatric Practice	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
MX Rider	publisher	Infogrames
2,100 Asanas	publisher	Black Dog & Leventhal Publishers
The Boomerang Book of Legendary Tales	publisher	Longman
White Day: A Labyrinth Named School	publisher	Wizard Soft
White Day: A Labyrinth Named School	publisher	4
Dialogues in Clinical Neuroscience	publisher	Laboratoires Servier
Wizadore	publisher	Imagine Software
Shardlight	publisher	Wadjet Eye Games
Problems of philosophy	publisher	Russian Academy of Sciences
The Life of Hope	publisher	Doubleday Canada
The Mandibles	publisher	The Borough Press
The Ravine	publisher	Random House Canada
Galveston	publisher	Random House Canada
Youtubers Life	publisher	U-Play online
Civilization	publisher	Random House Canada
Home Game	publisher	Doubleday Canada
The First Walkabout	publisher	Longman
Rafferty Rides a Winner	publisher	Parrish, London
White Day: A Labyrinth Named School	publisher	ROI Games
Petticoat magazine	publisher	Fleetway/IPC
Pacific Sea	publisher	Angus & Robertson
Journal of Vocational Behavior	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Aging & Social Policy	publisher	Routledge
Le isterie di Jennifer	publisher	Tracce
The Reluctant Shaman	publisher	Thrilling Publications
F1 2016	publisher	Codemasters
Physical Therapy	publisher	American Physical Therapy Association
Physiotherapy	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy
Journal of Public Economics	publisher	Elsevier
I Hate Fairyland	publisher	Image Comics
Star Wars: A New Dawn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Tiger Knight	publisher	NetDragon
Violet Evergarden	publisher	Kyoto Animation
The Quickening Maze	publisher	Jonathan Cape
None of the Above	publisher	Harper Collins
Star Wars: Tarkin	publisher	Del Rey Books
Algal Research	publisher	Elsevier
Star Wars: Lords of the Sith	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Wars: Heir to the Jedi	publisher	Del Rey Books
International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics	publisher	Elsevier
The Racketty Street Gang	publisher	Hodder & Stoughton
Storia del West	publisher	CEPIM
Rivista di Matematica della Università di Parma	publisher	Department of Mathematics and Computer Science of the University of Parma
Suggs and the City: My Journeys Through Disappearing London	publisher	Headline Publishing Group
Women of Wonder	publisher	Vintage Books
Captain Goodnight and the Islands of Fear	publisher	Brøderbund Software
The Arcade Machine	publisher	Brøderbund Software
Hyper Void	publisher	InFramez Technology
The Woman Who Was Poor	publisher	Mercure de France
Politics	publisher	SAGE on behalf of the Political Studies Association
ELEX	publisher	THQ Nordic
Art & Aesthetics	publisher	Lux Classic
The Family Conspiracy	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Studia Islamika	publisher	Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University Jakarta
British Journal of Occupational Therapy	publisher	SAGE Publications on behalf of the British Association and College of Occupational Therapists
Australian Occupational Therapy Journal	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Occupational Therapy Australia
Still Grazing	publisher	Crown Archetype
Journal of Agricultural and Environmental Ethics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Ashwamedh	publisher	Rannade Prakashan
Fortress	publisher	Pace Software
The End Of Protest: A New Playbook For Revolution	publisher	Knopf Canada
FIFA Mobile	publisher	EA Sports
Journal of Neurologic Physical Therapy	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the Neurology Section of the American Physical Therapy Association
Behavior Therapy	publisher	Elsevier
The Green Laurel	publisher	Oxford University Press
Alien Hive	publisher	Appxplore
Retro-Pixel Castles	publisher	SixtyGig Games
Reef	publisher	Granta Books
Trickster	publisher	Kodansha
Jalaleddin	publisher	Taderon Press
EBioMedicine	publisher	Elsevier
WWE 2K17	publisher	2
Scando-Slavica	publisher	Taylor & Francis/Routledge on behalf of the Association of Scandinavian Slavists and Baltologists
Kill Shot	publisher	Hothead Games
Outbreak of Love	publisher	John Murray
A Chinese-English Dictionary	publisher	Kelly and Walsh
Seven Poor Men of Sydney	publisher	Peter Davies, London
For Love Alone	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Ascension to the Throne	publisher	1
William Gibson Archangel	publisher	IDW Publishing
Rock of Ages II: Bigger & Boulder	publisher	Atlus
The Beauties and Furies	publisher	Peter Davies, London
Mystic Marathon	publisher	Williams Electronics
House of All Nations	publisher	Peter Davies, London
Ice Road	publisher	Virago Press
The Backyard	publisher	Brøderbund
Herpetologica	publisher	Allen Press on behalf of the Herpetologists' League
Memory & Cognition	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Psychonomic Society
A Little Tea, a Little Chat	publisher	Harcourt Brace
Maddening Relapse	publisher	Yoyo Games
Atomic Data and Nuclear Data Tables	publisher	Elsevier
The Greatest: My Own Story	publisher	Graymalkin Media
Power to Save the World	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Drelbs	publisher	Synapse Software
Drelbs	publisher	U.S. Gold
Call Me by Your Name	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Dark Places of the Heart	publisher	Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Boy Erased: A Memoir	publisher	Riverhead Books
The People with the Dogs	publisher	Little, Brown
Dead by Daylight	publisher	Starbreeze Studios
The Little Hotel	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Annals of Physical and Rehabilitation Medicine	publisher	Elsevier on behalf of the French Society of Rehabilitation
Fluid Dynamics Research	publisher	IOP Publishing on behalf of the Japan Society of Fluid Mechanics
Agents of Mayhem	publisher	Deep Silver
The Wish Maker	publisher	Riverhead Books
The Wish Maker	publisher	Penguin Books
The Wish Maker	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
The War That Saved My Life	publisher	Puffin Books
Alpha 1	publisher	Ballantine Books
Sleep Like a Tiger	publisher	HMH Books for Young Readers
Miss Herbert	publisher	Random House
Diamond and Related Materials	publisher	Elsevier
Fashion, Faith, and Fantasy in the New Physics of the Universe	publisher	Princeton University Press
Alpha 2	publisher	Ballantine Books
The Billboard Guide to Tejano and Regional Mexican Music	publisher	Billboard Books
The Sims 4: Dine Out	publisher	Electronic Arts
The Inevitable	publisher	Viking Press
Akiba's Beat	publisher	JP Acquire
Akiba's Beat	publisher	NA XSEED
My Journey into the Wilds of Chicago	publisher	Morning Dew Press
NHL 17	publisher	EA Sports
Dux	publisher	Giulio Einaudi editore
Injustice 2	publisher	Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
The Barefoot Man	publisher	Simon & Shuster
Alpha 3	publisher	Ballantine Books
Just Dance 2017	publisher	Ubisoft
Commander Keen in Invasion of the Vorticons	publisher	3D Realms
Journal of Pediatric Health Care	publisher	Elsevier
An Ordinary Lunacy	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
Valkyrie Anatomia: The Origin	publisher	Square Enix
Tak	publisher	Cheapass Games
The North-Bound Rider	publisher	Rigby, Adelaide
Bigfoot: The Life and Times of a Legend	publisher	The University of Chicago Press
Deus Ex Go	publisher	Square Enix
Alpha 4	publisher	Ballantine Books
Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V	publisher	Shueisha
The Know-How of Face Transplantation	publisher	Springer
Das Boot	publisher	Three-Sixty Pacific
r	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
Science on the Verge	publisher	Consortium for Science, Policy, & Outcomes
Mathews' Chinese-English Dictionary	publisher	China Inland Mission Press
Family Life	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Pani Manidhan	publisher	Kavitha Publications
Pani Manidhan	publisher	Kizhakku
Pani Manidhan	publisher	Natrinai Pathippagam
Beach Head 2002	publisher	WizardWorks
Beach Head 2002	publisher	MacSoft
Beach Head 2002	publisher	Infogrames
Energy Conversion and Management	publisher	Pergamon Press Ltd.
AIDS Care	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Dead Rising 4	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Quake Champions	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
Basketball	publisher	Atari Inc.
Prey 2	publisher	Bethesda Softworks
The Nuer	publisher	Clarendon Press
Silhouette	publisher	BBC Books
The Crawling Terror	publisher	BBC Books
Fünf Minuten Amerika	publisher	Paul Zsolnay Verlag
Royal Blood	publisher	BBC Books
Forza Horizon 3	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Big Bang Generation	publisher	BBC Books
Deep Time	publisher	BBC Books
Gwent: The Witcher Card Game	publisher	CD Projekt
Chronos Materia	publisher	Tecmo Koei
State of Decay 2	publisher	Microsoft Studios
Conservation Genetics Resources	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Conservation Genetics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Poetics	publisher	Elsevier
Oxygen Not Included	publisher	Klei Entertainment
Grow Up	publisher	Ubisoft
Steep	publisher	Ubisoft
Days Gone	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Death Stranding	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
God of War	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Some Everyday Folk and Dawn	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
Up the Country	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
Canadian Journal of Microbiology	publisher	NRC Research Press
Ten Creeks Run	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt – Hearts of Stone	publisher	CD Projekt
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt – Blood and Wine	publisher	CD Projekt
Commander Keen in Goodbye, Galaxy	publisher	3D Realms
Moto Racer 4	publisher	Microïds
Ever Oasis	publisher	Nintendo
BoxBoxBoy!	publisher	Nintendo
The Fade Out	publisher	Image Comics
Back to Bool Bool	publisher	William Blackwood & Sons
Old Blastus of Bandicoot	publisher	Cecil Palmer, London
Psycome	publisher	Enterbrain
Commander Keen in Aliens Ate My Babysitter	publisher	FormGen
Bring the Monkey	publisher	Endeavour Press, Sydney
The World is Round	publisher	T. Fisher Unwin, London
Absolver	publisher	Devolver Digital
Insurgency	publisher	New World Interactive
La Tempête	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Raid: World War II	publisher	Starbreeze Studios
Gumball	publisher	Broderbund
Skylanders: Imaginators	publisher	Activision
The Song of Brotherhood, and Other Verses	publisher	G. Allen, London
Mario Party: Star Rush	publisher	Nintendo
Spider-Man	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Lemmings	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
Over the Sliprails	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Surface Science	publisher	Elsevier
Armed Girl's Machiavellism	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
On the Track	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Scan Command: Jurassic Park	publisher	Knowledge Adventure
Hana to Hina wa Hōkago	publisher	Futabasha
Wavy Navy	publisher	Sirius Software
The Place at Whitton	publisher	Cassell, London
All That Swagger	publisher	Bulletin, Sydney
Out of the Shadows	publisher	Titan Books
Loot Rascals	publisher	Hollow Ponds
Pioneers on Parade	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Armenian Golgotha	publisher	Vintage Books
The Man Who Lived at the Ritz	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Busted: A Tale of Corruption and Betrayal in the City of Brotherly Love	publisher	Harper Collins
ALTEX	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Ys vs. Sora no Kiseki: Alternative Saga	publisher	Nihon Falcom
Pro Evolution Soccer 2017	publisher	Konami
SCAN	publisher	Trinity Mirror
Masamune-kun's Revenge	publisher	Ichijinsha
Masamune-kun's Revenge	publisher	Ichijinsha
What A Place!	publisher	Daylight Publishing House
The European Journal of Health Economics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Pacific Coast Highway	publisher	Datasoft
The Sword of Summer	publisher	Disney Hyperion
Mordred, Bastard Son	publisher	Alyson Books
The Winter Ghosts	publisher	Orion Publishing Group
White Rage	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Housing, Theory and Society	publisher	Routledge
The Fear	publisher	Cassell, Australia
Jungfrau	publisher	Bulletin, Australia
Jam	publisher	Dark Horse Books
Unconditional Honor	publisher	Globe Pequot Press
Prelude to Waking	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Dino Crisis: Dungeon in Chaos	publisher	Mobile Capcom
From the Fatherland With Love	publisher	Gentosha
From the Fatherland With Love	publisher	Pushkin Press
Cracks	publisher	Zoland Books
Say No to Death	publisher	Heinemann
Still Alive	publisher	Feminist Press
Hearts of Three	publisher	The Macmillan Company
How to Draw Cool Stuff	publisher	Library Tales Publishing
Southern Steel	publisher	Constable, London
Style Savvy: Fashion Forward	publisher	Nintendo
Thrown Under the Omnibus	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press
Shura no Mon	publisher	Kodansha
The Sun in Exile	publisher	Constable, London
Cockatoos	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Jerry of the Islands	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Sea Spray and Smoke Drift	publisher	George Robertson
No nonsense guide to science	publisher	New Internationalist
Neue Menschen auf alter Erde	publisher	Paul Zsolnay Verlag
Couples, Passersby	publisher	Carl Hanser Verlag
Curierul Românesc	publisher	Ion Heliade Rădulescu
Les Dames à la licorne	publisher	Presses de la Cité
Mystery Train	publisher	1
Mystery Train	publisher	5
Michael, Brother of Jerry	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Adventure	publisher	The Macmillan Company
Cosmic Knights	publisher	New American Library
BioShock: The Collection	publisher	2
Advanced Science	publisher	Wiley VCH
Wizards	publisher	New American Library
The Isolator	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Distinktion	publisher	Routledge
Crisis of Character	publisher	Center Street
Rare Objects	publisher	Harper
Journal of the Indian Academy of Applied Psychology	publisher	Indian Academy of Applied Psychology
Black Sheep	publisher	Chatto & Windus
The Hispanic American Historical Review	publisher	Duke University Press for the Conference on Latin American History
The Devil's Avenger	publisher	Pyramid Books
Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine	publisher	Pocketwatch Games
Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
The Emperor's New Clods	publisher	Lion Press in collaboration with the New Zimbabwe Media Limited
Higher: A Historic Race to the Sky and the Making of a City	publisher	Doubleday
System Shock	publisher	Night Dive Studios
WordCrex	publisher	Creative Friends B.V.
Global Change Biology	publisher	Wiley-Blackwell
Current Bioinformatics	publisher	Bentham Science Publishers
Bury Me Standing: The Gypsies and Their Journey	publisher	Random House
Physics and Chemistry of Glasses: European Journal of Glass Science and Technology Part B	publisher	Society of Glass Technology
The Delicate Dependency	publisher	Avon Books
Witches	publisher	New American Library
The ONE Thing	publisher	Bard Press
Life Sciences in Space Research	publisher	Elsevier
Dog Star Adventure	publisher	SoftSide
Spells	publisher	New American Library
Kaijumax	publisher	Oni Press
Academic Hinduphobia	publisher	Voice of India, New Delhi
Giants	publisher	New American Library
Mythical Beasties	publisher	New American Library
Monster Hunter Stories	publisher	Capcom
Journal of Proteomics	publisher	Elsevier
Unleashed	publisher	Sourcebooks Casablanca
Path and Goal	publisher	D. Appleton and Company, New York
Untamed	publisher	Sourcebooks Casablanca
Undone	publisher	Sourcebooks Casablanca
The Woman of Death	publisher	George Bell & Sons, London
Undead Nightmare	publisher	Rockstar Games
Endeavour	publisher	Elsevier
Journal of Public Health Management & Practice	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Magical Wishes	publisher	New American Library
Six Scary Stories	publisher	Cemetery Dance Publications
Scientists Against Time	publisher	Little, Brown and Company
Thunderbolt Fantasy	publisher	Kodansha
Thunderbolt Fantasy	publisher	Akita Shoten
Notre Dame Law Review	publisher	Columbia University
Journal of Housing Economics	publisher	Elsevier
History of the American Frontier	publisher	Simon Publications
In the Days of McKinley	publisher	Harper & Brothers Publishers
A Modern Buccaneer	publisher	Macmillan, London
Art and Life in America	publisher	Rinehart & Company
In Strange Company	publisher	Ward, Lock & Bowden, London
Dave's Sweetheart	publisher	Edward Arnold, London
Bangla Tribune	publisher	Kazi Anis Ahmed
Intergalactic Empires	publisher	New American Library
Ghost Ship	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Neanderthals	publisher	New American Library
Love So Life	publisher	Hakusensha
Ivory and Bone	publisher	HarperTeen
Last Game	publisher	Hakusensha
House of Echoes	publisher	HarperCollins
Usher's Passing	publisher	Pocket Books
Alle Kvinners Blad	publisher	Gyldendal
Classic Pop magazine	publisher	Anthem Publishing
Fire Emblem: New Mystery of the Emblem	publisher	Nintendo
The Way the World Works	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Supermen	publisher	New American Library
Comets	publisher	New American Library
Star Wars: Aftermath: Life Debt	publisher	Del Rey Books
Star Wars: Aftermath: Empire's End	publisher	Del Rey Books
Revue des études byzantines	publisher	Peeters on behalf of the Institut Catholique de Paris
Jonah	publisher	Methuen, London
Rain Without Thunder	publisher	Temple University Press
Wiener klinische Wochenschrift	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Devastators	publisher	Methuen, London
Tin Stars	publisher	New American Library
Space Shuttles	publisher	New American Library
Minnesota Journal of Law, Science & Technology	publisher	University of Minnesota Law School
The Lonely Crossing and Other Poems	publisher	Dawn
Miss Mackenzie	publisher	Chapman & Hall
Chaos Monkeys	publisher	HarperCollins
Creativity, Inc.	publisher	Transworld Publishers Limited
An Anthology of Australian Verse	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Joe Wilson and His Mates	publisher	William Blackwood
Gang Leader for a Day	publisher	Penguin Press
Dreams in Flower	publisher	Bulletin
How Not to Be Wrong	publisher	Penguin Group
Star Wars: Maul: Lockdown	publisher	Del Rey Books
Rick and Morty Simulator: Virtual Rick-ality	publisher	Adult Swim Games
The Observations	publisher	Faber & Faber
Kirkham's Find	publisher	Methuen, London
A Cartload of Clay	publisher	William Collins, Sons
Sweetbitter	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Canyon Climber	publisher	Datasoft
District Office Manual	publisher	Government of Tamil Nadu
A Stranger Came to the Farm	publisher	WSOY
Football Manager 2017	publisher	Sega
Rendiconti di Matematica e delle sue Applicazioni	publisher	\
Heroes of the Frontier	publisher	Knopf
To Save Humanity	publisher	Oxford University Press
Clinical Obstetrics and Gynecology	publisher	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
The Merry-Go-Round in the Sea	publisher	MacDonald, London
Opera Fatal	publisher	Heureka-Klett
Opera Fatal	publisher	Index+
World Order	publisher	Penguin Books Limited
Porfolios of the Poor	publisher	Princeton University Press
The End of Power	publisher	Basic Books
Hind-Pak Bordernama	publisher	Chak Staran Prakashan
Robots	publisher	New American Library
Monsters	publisher	New American Library
Invasions	publisher	New American Library
Star Wars: Scoundrels	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Girls	publisher	Random House
Star Wars: Thrawn	publisher	Del Rey Books
Pakistan: A Hard Country	publisher	Penguin
Population Research and Policy Review	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
The Australian	publisher	Australian Native's Association
The Cardboard Crown	publisher	Cresset Press, London
Birth	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Ma's Illustrated Catalogue Of The Stamps Of China	publisher	Shun Chang & Co., Shanghai
Devils	publisher	New American Library
Atlantis	publisher	New American Library
When Blackbirds Sing	publisher	Abelard-Schuman, London
Azure Striker Gunvolt 2	publisher	Inti Creates
Barkskins	publisher	Simon and Schuster
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eleven	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
Ghosts	publisher	New American Library
Darkwood	publisher	Acid Wizard Studio
Tales of the Night Watchman	publisher	So What%3F Press
Studies in History and Philosophy of Science	publisher	Elsevier
Curses	publisher	New American Library
Faeries	publisher	New American Library
Pac-Man Championship Edition 2	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
India's Most Reputed Brands	publisher	BlueBytes News Pvt. Ltd.
Family Farm Seaside	publisher	FunPlus
Fire Force	publisher	Kodansha
Superman	publisher	DC Comics
The Lost Bible	publisher	RAO Publishing
The Chemical Engineer	publisher	Institution of Chemical Engineers
IEEE Computing Edge	publisher	IEEE Computer Society
Nanoka no kare	publisher	Shueisha
Heatwave in Berlin	publisher	Heinemann, Melbourne
Picnic Races	publisher	Heinemann, Melbourne
Sonic Mania	publisher	Sega
30 Days of Flavia	publisher	Flavia Tumusiime
Forces of Nature	publisher	Harper Design
Black Heart	publisher	Margaret K. McElderry Books
A Hell of a Woman	publisher	Lion Books
The Nothing Man	publisher	Lion Books
Duelyst	publisher	Counterplay Games
Chinese Journal of Chemical Physics	publisher	Chinese Physical Society
Communications in Theoretical Physics	publisher	Chinese Physical Society
Seven Brief Lessons on Physics	publisher	Penguin Books
Experience Punjab — On the Road	publisher	Times Group Books
Pasmore	publisher	Longman
Lean Out: The Struggle for Gender Equality in Tech and Start-up Culture	publisher	OR Books
Doraemon Long Stories	publisher	Shogakukan
Alternate Heroes	publisher	Bantam Spectra
Alternate Empires	publisher	Bantam Books
Journal de Théorie des Nombres de Bordeaux	publisher	Institut de Mathématiques de Bordeaux on behalf of the Société Arithmétique de Bordeaux
Pucchigumi	publisher	Shogakukan
Doc the Destroyer	publisher	Krome Studios Melbourne
Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight	publisher	Playism
Twisted Sisters	publisher	Last Gasp
Twisted Sisters	publisher	Kitchen Sink Press
Black Lightning	publisher	Heinemann, Melbourne
Theories of Forgetting	publisher	Fiction Collective Two
Such Pleasure	publisher	Cresset Press, London
Maurice Guest	publisher	Heinemann, London
Lady Layton: The Millionaire Ariadone's Conspiracy	publisher	Level-5
The Best Time Travel Stories of the 20th Century	publisher	Del Rey Books
The Best Time Travel Stories of the 20th Century	publisher	Ballantine Books
Choir Boy	publisher	Soft Skull Press
Mad Planets	publisher	Gottlieb
The Young Cosima	publisher	Heinemann, London
Gabriel Dropout	publisher	ASCII Media Works
ISS	publisher	Konami
His Bloody Project	publisher	Contraband
The Schooldays of Jesus	publisher	Harvill Secker
The World Turned Upside Down	publisher	Baen Books
The Tustin News	publisher	OC Register
Spirits & Cat Ears	publisher	Media Factory
Progress in Energy and Combustion Science	publisher	Elsevier
Neuropsychiatry	publisher	Pulsus Group
Biomedical Research	publisher	Allied Academies
The Time Curve	publisher	Tower Books
The Dog Stars	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Darkness	publisher	Bantam Press
Sewer, Gas & Electric: The Public Works Trilogy	publisher	Atlantic Monthly Press, now Grove Atlantic
Journal of Men's Health	publisher	Andrew John Publishing on behalf of the International Society of Men's Health
Surgery	publisher	Elsevier
Mani Yadanabon	publisher	Konbaung Dynasty
Pulse	publisher	Jonathan Cape
The Sun is Not Enough	publisher	Heinemann, London
Animal	publisher	Ubiquity Press
The Orion	publisher	Mrs. Rádhábái Átmárám Sagoon
At Dawn and Dusk	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Deadman's: An Australian Story	publisher	Methuen, London
Materfamilias	publisher	Ward, Lock, London
Journal of Internet Banking and Commerce	publisher	Allied Academies
MycoKeys	publisher	Pensoft Publishers
Nature Conservation	publisher	Pensoft Publishers
The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles	publisher	Jaleco
Deus Ex: Human Revolution - The Missing Link	publisher	Square Enix
Nuns in Jeopardy	publisher	J. M. Dent, London
The Min-Min	publisher	Lansdowne Press, Melbourne
Fudanshi Kōkō Seikatsu	publisher	Ichijinsha
The Lesser Dead	publisher	Berkley Books
The Watch Tower	publisher	St. Martin's Press,
The Suicide Motor Club	publisher	Berkley Books
Nano Assault	publisher	Majesco Entertainment
A Paris Apartment	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Offworld Trading Company	publisher	Stardock
Radiography	publisher	Elsevier, on behalf of the Society and College of Radiographers and the European Federation of Radiographer Societies
Thomasina, the Cat Who Thought She Was God	publisher	Doubleday
Pulmonary Circulation	publisher	University of Chicago Press on behalf of the Pulmonary Vascular Research Institute
Night of the Party	publisher	J. M. Dent, London
Kill or Be Killed	publisher	Image Comics
V.V.'s Eyes	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Overcooked	publisher	Team 17
Blood-Sign	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Zashiki Warashi of Intellectual Village	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Samurai Warriors: Sanada Maru	publisher	Koei Tecmo
Slow Death	publisher	Last Gasp
The Dawning of a New Age	publisher	TSR, Inc.
The Suit	publisher	Nat Nakasa
Listen! The Wind	publisher	Harcourt
Le diable l'emporte	publisher	Éditions Denoël
Asian Ethnicity	publisher	Routledge
International Journal of Entrepreneurship	publisher	Allied Academies
Academy of Marketing Studies Journal	publisher	Allied Academies
Journal of Entrepreneurship Education	publisher	Allied Academies
The Five Thousand Dictionary	publisher	Mission Book Company
The Falling Astronauts	publisher	Ace Books
Zabu Kun-Cha	publisher	Ava Kingdom
Atheist Mind Humanist Heart	publisher	Rowman & Littlefield
Hell's Bounty	publisher	Subterranean Press
RIGS: Mechanized Combat League	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Chicago-Kent Journal of Intellectual Property	publisher	Chicago-Kent College of Law
The Picnic	publisher	J. M. Dent, London
Wandering Island	publisher	Kodansha
Journal of Consumer Psychology	publisher	Elsevier
Frightmare	publisher	Accolade
Golden Miles	publisher	Holland and Stephenson, Sydney
Nebula Alert	publisher	Ace Books, New York
The Death House	publisher	Gollancz
The Kingdom of Speech	publisher	Little, Brown
Wake in Fright	publisher	Michael Joseph, London
The Rim of Space	publisher	Avalon Books, New York
A Phule and His Money	publisher	Ace Books
Lilo & Stitch: Trouble in Paradise	publisher	Disney Interactive Studios
From Fishing Hamlet To Red Planet	publisher	HarperCollins
Another Brooklyn	publisher	HarperCollins
Eclipse of the Sun	publisher	Phoenix Books
Locomotive, Railway Carriage & Wagon Review	publisher	Ian Allan Publishing
The Witch's Thorn	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Seven Emus	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Winged Seeds	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Hummingbirds	publisher	Gorgas Science Foundation
Hummingbirds	publisher	Felis Creations
Indian Journal of Physics	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science
Purvalap	publisher	Munikumar Manishankar Bhatt
Little Nightmares	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Indiana Jones in the Lost Kingdom	publisher	Mindscape
There's No Place Like Time: A Retrospective	publisher	&Now Books
Giant Killer	publisher	Street & Smith
Syria Speaks	publisher	London
Syria Speaks	publisher	Saqi Books
The Avengers	publisher	THQ
Backstreet Billiards	publisher	ASCII Entertainment
Hazard Run	publisher	Artworx
Crash Bandicoot Remastered Collection	publisher	Activision
Tintin: The Complete Companion	publisher	John Murray
Assault Squad 2: Men of War Origins	publisher	1
Alpha 5	publisher	Ballantine Books
Worm Whomper	publisher	Activision
Foresight	publisher	Shinchosha
Medical News Schering	publisher	Schering AG
Daughter of Silence	publisher	Heineman
The Killing Blade	publisher	IGS
Forced: Showdown	publisher	Betadwarf
Red Mutiny: Eleven Fateful Days on the Battleship Potemkin	publisher	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Alpha 6	publisher	Berkley Publishing Corporation
The Secret Key and Other Verses	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Alpha 7	publisher	Berkley Publishing Corporation
Joanne Trattoria Cookbook: Classic Recipes and Scenes from an Italian American Restaurant	publisher	Post Hill Press
Small Axe: A Caribbean Journal of Criticism	publisher	Duke University Press
20,000 Years of Fashion	publisher	Abrams Books
SkySaga: Infinite Isles	publisher	Smilegate
Wes Craven's Last House on the Left	publisher	FAB Press
Alpha 8	publisher	Berkley Publishing Corporation
The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo	publisher	Simon & Schuster
While the Billy Boils	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Festival of Insignificance	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Shadowgun Legends	publisher	Madfinger Games
Pitstop	publisher	Epyx
Until I Have You	publisher	Digital Tribe
Cancer Medicine	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Three Sisters, Three Queens	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Punisher: The Ultimate Payback!	publisher	Acclaim Entertainment
Killing the Rising Sun	publisher	Henry Holt and Company
Night Striker	publisher	Taito
Behold the Dreamers	publisher	Random House
ACCA: 13-ku Kansatsu-ka	publisher	Square Enix
Star Wars	publisher	Marvel Comics
Renni the Rescuer	publisher	The Bobbs-Merril Company
Hot Wheels Micro Racers	publisher	The Learning Company
Crack'ed	publisher	Atari Corporation
Chisholm Trail	publisher	Texas Instruments
To the Wild Sky	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Xia, Shang, Zhou Dynasties: from Myths to Historical Facts	publisher	Shanghai Chinese Classics Publishing House
Concise Dictionary of Spoken Chinese	publisher	Harvard University Press
Spirits Of Heaven and Ways of Heaven & Earth	publisher	Shanghai Chinese Classics Publishing House
Benevolence and the Mandate of Heaven: Transformation of pre-Qin Confucian Classics	publisher	Wan Juan Lou
A Study on Iranian Theatre	publisher	The writer, later Roshangaran Publishing
Ember	publisher	505
A Taste of Greece	publisher	TeNeues
PANIC at Multiverse High!	publisher	DoubleBear Productions
Aggressive Behavior	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Loop Mania	publisher	Umbrella
Algebraic Geometry	publisher	Open access
The Making of Donald Trump	publisher	Melville House Publishing
SF12	publisher	Delacorte Press
Putt Putt Travels Through Time	publisher	Humongous Entertainment, Night Dive Studios
Apollo's Arrow	publisher	HarperCollins
Timescapes: Stories of Time Travel	publisher	Souvenir Press
Binti	publisher	Tor Books
Picnic Paranoia	publisher	Synapse Software Corporation
MunchMobile	publisher	Centuri, Inc.
The Attack	publisher	Texas Instruments
Classic Adventure	publisher	Abersoft
My Life in Court	publisher	Doubleday
A Counterfeit Silence: Selected Poems	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Half-Burnt Tree	publisher	Heinemann, London
Livelock	publisher	Perfect World Entertainment
Hot Wheels	publisher	Epyx
Sultan's Maze	publisher	Gem Software
Momoka Typhoon	publisher	Shogakukan
Truly Madly Guilty	publisher	Flatiron Books
A Nation Like No Other	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Underground Railroad	publisher	Doubleday
Working Together	publisher	Harper
Tharsis	publisher	Choice Provisions
Master X Master	publisher	NCSOFT
Bound	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
Don Bradman Cricket 17	publisher	Tru Blu Entertainment
Work In Progress	publisher	Hyperion Books
Edens Lost	publisher	Harper and Row, New York
The Wright Brothers	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Ride on Stranger	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Big Smoke	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Iconoclasts	publisher	Bifrost Entertainment
Star of Guidance	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
Britt-Marie Was Here	publisher	Atria Books
Bin Roye Ansoo	publisher	Ilm-o-Irfan Publishers
In Trump We Trust	publisher	Sentinel
Hinako Note	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
Economic Thought	publisher	World Economics Association
Dept H	publisher	Dark Horse Comics
The Third Argument	publisher	Orbis/Bata ; Heavy Metal Magazine ; YIL Editions
Bicycle Madness	publisher	Henry Holt
Oboreru Knife	publisher	Kodansha
Zero kara Hajimeru Mahō no Sho	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Laserlife	publisher	Choice Provisions
The Challenger Sale	publisher	Penguin Group
Sirene	publisher	J.W. Cappelens Forlag
As It Happened	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Invictus	publisher	Headline
Clinical Microbiology and Infection	publisher	Elsevier
The Weatherboard Cathedral	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Dead Men Running	publisher	Michael Joseph, London
Tales from the Spaceport Bar	publisher	Avon
Admiral	publisher	Roc Books
The Tower of Babel	publisher	Heinemann, London
The Turing Test	publisher	Square Enix
Lazarus	publisher	Image Comics
The Chantic Bird	publisher	Heinemann, London
Yes Please	publisher	HarperCollins
Before It Breaks	publisher	Fremantle Press
Another Round at the Spaceport Bar	publisher	Avon
White Topee	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Datura	publisher	Sony Computer Entertainment
LGBT Health	publisher	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Cometh the Hour	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Sophie's Misfortunes	publisher	Hachette
Picross 3D Round 2	publisher	Nintendo
Double House	publisher	Shueisha
Civilization II: Conflicts in Civilization	publisher	MicroProse
The Lemon Farm	publisher	J. M. Dent, London
Battlefields	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Regulation & Governance	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
Black Rock White City	publisher	Transit Lounge
The Political Economy of Human Rights	publisher	South End Press
Manchete	publisher	Bloch Editores
Health Education Research	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Uprooted	publisher	University of Pennsylvania Press
Love Live! Sunshine!!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
The Idolmaster Cinderella Girls: Starlight Stage	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
The Use Of Restricted Significance Tests In Clinical Trials	publisher	Springer-Verlag
Journal of Refractive Surgery	publisher	Healio
Tears for Water: Songbook of Poems and Lyrics	publisher	G. P. Putnam's Sons
Steins;Gate: Linear Bounded Phenogram	publisher	5
Teddy Together	publisher	Bandai Namco
Teddy Together	publisher	Nintendo
Blackout	publisher	Black Swan
Brute Force	publisher	Marvel Comics
The Fyrelit Tragedy	publisher	Hachette Australia
Nutshell	publisher	Jonathan Cape
Prooftexts	publisher	Indiana University Press
The Art of Biblical Narrative	publisher	Basic Books
Rumini	publisher	Pozsonyi Pagony Kft.
Kalat Claimed	publisher	Damavand Publishing
Kalat Claimed	publisher	Roshangaran Publishing
Princess Maison	publisher	Shogakukan
Steins;Gate: Darling of Loving Vows	publisher	5
Hero of the Golden Talisman	publisher	Mastertronic
In Bad Company and Other Stories	publisher	Macmillan Publishers
The Earthen Floor	publisher	Grip Newspaper Co., Grafton
The Young Man	publisher	Carl Hanser Verlag
Dragon Teeth	publisher	HarperCollins
The Return of the Rivers	publisher	Inferno Press
June 30th, June 30th	publisher	Delacorte Press
Lay the Marble Tea	publisher	Carp Press
La reina de América	publisher	Baile del Sol
Young Lust	publisher	* Company & Sons \n*
Young Lust	publisher	Print Mint
Young Lust	publisher	*
Young Lust	publisher	Last Gasp
The Ramanujan Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Super Mario Run	publisher	Nintendo
My Talking Tom	publisher	App Store
My Talking Tom	publisher	Google Play
The Collected Essays and Occasional Writings of Katherine Anne Porter	publisher	Delacorte Press
Shaken but Not Stirred	publisher	Richard Shepherd Software
The Scourge-Stick	publisher	Heinemann, London
Ethnicity & Health	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Hokuto Gaiden	publisher	Shogakukan
Hokuto Gaiden	publisher	Shinchosha
Hokuto Gaiden	publisher	Tokuma Shoten
Federal Law Review	publisher	ANU College of Law
Isekai Shokudō	publisher	Shōsetsuka ni Narō
Isekai Shokudō	publisher	Square Enix
Handbook of the New Zealand Flora	publisher	Lovell Augustus Reeve
Lin Yutang's Chinese-English Dictionary of Modern Usage	publisher	Chinese University of Hong Kong
Project Sonic 2017	publisher	Sega
Tsugumomo	publisher	Futabasha
Trump: The Game	publisher	Milton Bradley Company
Trump: The Game	publisher	Parker Brothers
Virginia	publisher	505
Phantom of the Asteroid	publisher	Mastertronic
El pecado de Oyuki	publisher	Grupo Editorial Vid
Story Shots & Poetry Pints	publisher	Vishwakarma Publications
The Steep Ascent	publisher	Harcourt
Journal of Medical Biochemistry	publisher	Walter de Gruyter on behalf of the Society of Medical Biochemists of Serbia
Journal of Clinical Child & Adolescent Psychology	publisher	Taylor & Francis
Arac	publisher	Addictive Games
Grease Dance	publisher	505
The Pursuit of Justice	publisher	Harper
The Muppets Movie Adventures	publisher	Sony Interactive Entertainment
A Journey to the Centre of the Earth	publisher	OziSoft, CRL
Skyers 5	publisher	Shueisha
8-Bit Hordes	publisher	Petroglyph Games
Brain Breaker	publisher	Enix
The Lame Dog Man	publisher	Cassell
Frontier Myanmar	publisher	Sonny Swe
Hot Lava	publisher	Klei Entertainment
Gregory and the Hot Air Balloon	publisher	Brøderbund
Forsaken	publisher	NewSouth Books
Rainbow Sentai Robin	publisher	Kodansha
The Secret History of Vampires	publisher	DAW Books
Titanfall: Frontline	publisher	Nexon
Danish Medical Journal	publisher	Danish Medical Association
Full Moon City	publisher	Pocket Books
Heidelberg Journal of International Law	publisher	C.H. Beck
Heidelberg Journal of International Law	publisher	Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law
Reasons to Stay Alive	publisher	Cannongate Books
Star-Spangled Crown	publisher	Tumblar House
Disney's Animated Storybook: Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: The Lion King	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: Pocahontas	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: Toy Story	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: 101 Dalmatians	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: Hercules	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: The Hunchback of Notre Dame	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: Mulan	publisher	Disney Interactive
Disney's Animated Storybook: Mulan	publisher	NewKidCo
Stern Pinball Arcade	publisher	Stern Pinball Inc.
A Captive in the Land	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, London
Doriath	publisher	Rabbit Software, Virgin
The Comfort Women	publisher	University Of Chicago Press
In the Palace of Repose	publisher	Prime Books
Something Coming Through	publisher	Gollancz
Genome Biology and Evolution	publisher	Oxford University Press
Scandal of Spring	publisher	J. M. Dent, London
Reader Rabbit: 1st Grade	publisher	The Learning Company
Reader Rabbit Toddler	publisher	The Learning Company
Kaiserhofstraße 12	publisher	Schöffling & Co.
Influencing Machine	publisher	W. W. Norton
The Dyehouse	publisher	Ure Smith, Sydney
At the Edge of Waking	publisher	Prime Books
Blood at the Root	publisher	W. W. Norton & Company
Odallus: The Dark Call	publisher	Joymasher
The Cousin from Fiji	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Sydney
Loner	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Last Exile	publisher	Hamish Hamilton, London
Once Long Ago	publisher	Golden Pleasure Books
Disney's Animated Storybook: The Little Mermaid	publisher	Disney Interactive
BanG Dream!	publisher	Bushiroad
BanG Dream!	publisher	Bushiroad
BanG Dream!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
11	publisher	Capcom
Gamest	publisher	Shinseisha, Ltd.
Canadian Journal of Public Health	publisher	Canadian Public Health Association
Time on Fire	publisher	Jacaranda press
Puzzle & Action: Treasure Hunt	publisher	Sega
Puzzle & Action: Treasure Hunt	publisher	CSK Research Institute Corp.
Math Rabbit	publisher	The Learning Company
Reader Rabbit Kindergarten	publisher	The Learning Company
The Tilted Cross	publisher	Faber and Faber, London
Carve the Mark	publisher	Katherine Tegen Books
Die Toten	publisher	Kiepenheuer & Witsch
The Stalin Subway	publisher	Buka Entertainment
A Dutiful Daughter	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Twentieth-Century Science-Fiction Writers	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Bread and Honey	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Harris no Kaze	publisher	Kodansha
Ore wa Teppei	publisher	Kodansha
Bad Country	publisher	St. Martin's Press
Children of Light	publisher	Alfred A. Knopf
Nyanko Days	publisher	Media Factory
Monthly Arcadia	publisher	Enterbrain
Army Men: World War - Land, Sea, Air	publisher	The 3DO Company
Rupetta	publisher	Tartarus Press
Antique Woodworking Tools	publisher	John Adamson
Antique Woodworking Tools	publisher	in association with
Antique Woodworking Tools	publisher	Bernard J. Shapero
The Federal Union	publisher	Houghton Mifflin
Syria	publisher	Institut français du Proche-Orient
Reggie and me	publisher	Archie Comics
International Journal of Clinical Rheumatology	publisher	Pulsus Group
Imaging in Medicine	publisher	Pulsus Group
Catalyst: A Rogue One Story	publisher	Del Rey Books
Explore: The Journal of Science & Healing	publisher	Elsevier
Lillipilly Hill	publisher	Oxford University Press
Sakurada Reset	publisher	Kadokawa Shoten
Aquastax	publisher	InfoSpace
The Power of Dark	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Knight's & Magic	publisher	Shōsetsuka ni Narō
Knight's & Magic	publisher	Square Enix
So Blonde: Back to the Island	publisher	Dtp Entertainment
The Great Book of Magical Objects	publisher	Editrice Il Castoro
Hitsuji no Ki	publisher	Kodansha
Captain Morgane and the Golden Turtle	publisher	Reef Entertainment
Brain Renaissance	publisher	Oxford University Press
The Refuge	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Friday the 13th	publisher	Domark
Your Name	publisher	Kadokawa Corporation
Your Father's Room	publisher	Éditions Gallimard
Traitors to All	publisher	Garzanti
Tourmaline	publisher	MacDonald, London
Letters to Live Poets	publisher	South Head Press, Sydney
Field Guide to the End of the World	publisher	Moon City Press
Tokyo Tarareba Musume	publisher	Kodansha
Merchant Kings: When Companies Ruled the World, 1600 to 1900	publisher	Thomas Dunne Books
Party Quiz Mega Q	publisher	Sega
Dust or Polish%3F	publisher	Angus and Robertson, Sydney
The Labyrinth of Spirits	publisher	Planeta Group
The Labyrinth of Spirits	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
ISIS: Inside the Army of Terror	publisher	Phaidon Press
The Gene: An Intimate History	publisher	Scribner
Guhangari: A Book on Urban Wildlife	publisher	Christ University
King's Knight: Wrath of the Dark Dragon	publisher	Square Enix
Puppet Master	publisher	Action Lab Comics
Foster	publisher	The New Yorker
Foster	publisher	Faber and Faber
Chronicles of Teddy: Harmony of Exidus	publisher	Aksys Games
Arkham Horror: The Card Game	publisher	Fantasy Flight Games
Space Battle Lunchtime	publisher	Oni Press
A Night Without Stars	publisher	Pan Macmillan
A Night Without Stars	publisher	Del Rey Books
The SFWA Grand Masters, Volume 1	publisher	Tor Books
Dearest Idol	publisher	Bobbs-Merrill, Indiana, USA
Bloody Vampire	publisher	Agetec
Charlie the Choo-Choo	publisher	Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
Hot Wheels: Burnin' Rubber	publisher	THQ
Hot Wheels: Burnin' Rubber	publisher	Altron
Hackers	publisher	Trickster Arts
Death and Nightingales	publisher	Vintage Books
The SFWA Grand Masters, Volume 2	publisher	Tor Books
Murder: The Gangster Rhymes	publisher	United Naxal Publications
Hot Wheels Ultimate Racing	publisher	Destination Software Inc.
Antipodes in Shoes	publisher	Edwards and Shaw, Sydney
The Hidden Tide	publisher	Bulletin, Sydney
Between the Species	publisher	Philosophy Department and Digital Commons at the California Polytechnic State University
Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight	publisher	Atlus
The Los Angeles River: Its Life, Death, and Possible Rebirth	publisher	Johns Hopkins University Press
The SFWA Grand Masters, Volume 3	publisher	Tor Books
Permafrost and Periglacial Processes	publisher	John Wiley & Sons
How to Fly a Horse	publisher	Doubleday
The Day of the Donald	publisher	Crooked Lane Books
Midair	publisher	Archetype Studios
Sakura Maimai	publisher	Media Factory
Mage Wars Arena	publisher	Arcane Wonders
Yellow Dog	publisher	Print Mint
Oxford Book of Tudor Anthems	publisher	Oxford University Press
Monopoly	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Monopoly	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Sweet Freedom: A Devotional	publisher	Regnery Publishing
The Hairdresser of Harare	publisher	Weaver Press
Stronger Together	publisher	Simon & Schuster
The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic	publisher	Basic Books
Monopoly	publisher	Hasbro Interactive
Tenshi no 3P!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Tenshi no 3P!	publisher	ASCII Media Works
Wolfshead	publisher	Lancer Books
Monopoly	publisher	Macintosh
Monopoly	publisher	MacSoft
Monopoly	publisher	Windows
Monopoly	publisher	MacSoft, Infogrames
Stupid is Forever	publisher	ABS-CBN Publishing
Second Firsts	publisher	Hay House
Journal of Song-Yuan Studies	publisher	Society for Song, Yuan, and Conquest Dynasty Studies
Journal of Song-Yuan Studies	publisher	Institute of East Asian Studies,
Journal of Song-Yuan Studies	publisher	University of California, Berkeley
Jimmy Brockett	publisher	Britannicus Liber, London
Djibi, the Kitten	publisher	Albert Müller
Universal Harvester	publisher	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
The Ministry of Utmost Happiness	publisher	Hamish Hamilton
Tokyo Bay	publisher	Pan Macmillan
Monopoly Streets	publisher	EA
The First President of Japan	publisher	Shueisha
The First President of Japan	publisher	Shinchosha
Welcome to the Universe	publisher	Princeton University Press
Winnie-the-Pooh: The Best Bear in All the World	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Let Them Eat Precaution	publisher	Aei Press;
All the Room	publisher	Jacaranda Press, Brisbane
Southmost Twelve	publisher	Angus and Robertson
The Sinclair's Mysteries	publisher	Egmont Publishing
The Demon of Brownsville Road	publisher	Berkley Books of Penguin Random House
Ecoscience: Population, Resources, Environment	publisher	W. H. Freeman & Co.
Cambridge	publisher	Frances Lincoln Publishers
NightCry	publisher	Playism Games
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 4	publisher	Krome Studios
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Blazing	publisher	Bandai Namco Entertainment
Gringos	publisher	Simon & Schuster
Journey to Same-Sex Parenthood	publisher	New Horizon Press
The Rhythm & The Tide	publisher	Liverpool University Press
The End of White Christian America	publisher	Simon & Schuster
ABC Chinese-English Dictionary	publisher	University of Hawaii Press
Energy Flash	publisher	Faber & Faber
Environmental Development	publisher	Elsevier
Bapu	publisher	International Book House
San Francisco Comic Book	publisher	San Francisco Comic Book Company
San Francisco Comic Book	publisher	Print Mint
San Francisco Comic Book	publisher	Last Gasp
The Unicorn and Other Poems	publisher	Pantheon Books
Leave the Office Earlier	publisher	Random House
Infamous Iron Man	publisher	Marvel Comics
International Conference on Applications and Theory of Petri Nets and Concurrency	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Conference on Applications and Theory of Petri Nets and Concurrency	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
Hirunaka no Ryuusei	publisher	Shueisha
Bicycle and Other Poems	publisher	University of Queensland Press
Dylan's Visions of Sin	publisher	Ecco Press
Progress: Ten Reasons to Look Forward to the Future	publisher	Oneworld Publications
The Sponge Divers	publisher	William Collins, Sons
NTR: Netsuzou Trap	publisher	Ichijinsha
Jerusalem	publisher	Knockabout Comics
Neighbours in a Thicket	publisher	University of Queensland Press
SuperHyperCube	publisher	Polytron Corporation
Debunking Economics	publisher	Zed Books
The Invisible Empire: The Ku Klux Klan in Florida	publisher	University Press of Florida
The Talking Clothes: Poems	publisher	Angus and Robertson
Dragons!	publisher	Ace Books
The Silver Brumby	publisher	Hutchinson
Hannah: From Dachau to the Olympics and Beyond	publisher	White Pelican Press
Thoth	publisher	Double Fine Productions
Rawblood	publisher	Weidenfeld & Nicolson
Jacob's War	publisher	Bertrand Publishing
European Spine Journal	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
Daughter of Eden	publisher	Corvus
My Own Words	publisher	Simon & Schuster
We Are Pirates	publisher	Bloomsbury Publishing
Raising Race Questions	publisher	Teachers College Press
Blood Red, Sister Rose	publisher	HarperCollins
Food Policy	publisher	Elsevier
Manual Samuel	publisher	Curve Digital
Red Dead Redemption 2	publisher	Rockstar Games
Lee	publisher	Four Walls Eight Windows
Gone Til' November: A Journal of Rikers Island	publisher	Plume Books
Praxis: Journal of Gender and Cultural Critiques	publisher	State University of New York
Mortada Gzar	publisher	Khalid al-Maaly
Mortada Gzar	publisher	Hassan Yaghi
International Conference on Business Process Management	publisher	Springer Science+Business Media
International Conference on Business Process Management	publisher	Lecture Notes in Computer Science
The Swarm	publisher	Tor Books
Winnie-the-Pooh Meets the Queen	publisher	Egmont Publishing
Autumn Journal	publisher	Faber and Faber
Black Destroyer	publisher	Street & Smith
